 In all my life I have never owned a more frustrating fax machine . I am on my second replacement of this model -LRB- they are sending the third right now because this one does n't work either -RRB- and I have had the same problems over and over again . The phone constantly cuts out in the middle of conversations and EVERY time I try to fax something that is more than one page it feeds all the pages through at once rather that one at a time . I have to babysit the machine and feed each paper one at a time to get a fax to go through properly . This machine has wasted my time and money !!! DO NOT BUY IT !!!
 I use this fax in the office and even though the black ink is 3/4 full . It reports it as empty and will cease to print ! I have to change the ink cartridges every two weeks ! Also all my printings are in black and white . For some reason , after a month , my color cartridges also seem to be empty and yet again , the fax machine will cease to print unless I change the color ink tanks . I highly do not recommend this fax machine . Wasted enough money on the ink , its time for a new one .
 We bought this just to fax stuff out , have gotten only one fax in , yet the ink is supposedly empty -LRB- it is not -RRB- . We do not even use the color feature and we got a new black cartridge yet we can not fax or receive a fax . A waste of our hard earned money .
 When the Toshiba modem is running , it is running great . However , one thing that the Toshiba modems suffers from is packet loss . This particular model is very sensative to RF signal noise . Because of it 's sensativity to RF siganals , you will experience lags of 15 to 25 seconds because of packet loss . Other modems that I have tested are not as sensative and do n't suffer from this problem . I would still recommend this modem if you only surf the net . However , if you plan on using this modem for gaming or streaming content off of the web , stay away .
 The reason I 'm on here is I 'm looking for a replacement to mine , the one I was renting from Cox , which died after about 5 months - of course , who knows how long it was used by someone else . But it 's not the first time a Toshiba product has acted up in our house . I 'm going to try a different manuf .
 Do n't get me wrong ... this router works great , as a router . But not as a print server . Very few printers are supported , and Belkin does n't tell you that until after you buy it . So bottom line , make sure you check and see if your printer is supported before you buy this for a print server . Mine did n't make the list.http : / / web.belkin.com/support/printserver/list.asp
 Limited number of compatible printers . Requires frequent resetting . I liked my netgear so much better . Useless as a print server . I ca n't wait to upgrade to something else .
 These are not worth the little money you save when your printerbecomes clogged with COMPATIBLE ink cartriges
 I purchased one black cartridge and it worked fine for awhile . Got about half full and had problems . Bought from ink revolution again , figuring I 'd give it another chance because the price was right . I always figured you get what you pay for but gave it a chance again . Will pay more and get it right next time . Cheaper is not always better . I learned the hard way . I give it one star because 0 was n't an option .
 This is a metal bracket and it partially worked on my motherboard . No complaints about the upper part of the bracket , the part that the fan attaches to . The X design of the lower portion of this bracket leaves me scratching my head . After installing it , my machine would not boot . The cpu pins on the underside of the motherboard were touching the bracket and shorting to each other . Bad design . Fortunately , the lower part of my old plastic bracket worked for attaching the upper part . Just be aware when installing this bracket that it is n't touching the pins on the underside of your motherboard .
 cobra radar detector finds other cobra radars detectors then they go off for no reason like cobra gives false alarms i got the 9940 with gps and it goes off there is no cops in sight it is crapmike
 For the price of this table , it is very poorly designed . The knob to adjust the table 's height is set on the end of a screw and is metal on wood . Turning the knob to adjust the hieght turns the screw wearing the threads and loosening the knob . The knob eventually came off and I had to pry apart the leg to set it back in place . This was in less than a week of use . Eventually the thred will be worn through altogether and need to be replaced . With continued normal use , this will happen in about a month.Also , the joints are loose and the table top leans . However , if the joints were not loose , I would not have been able to reset the knob .
 I 've been a big fan of HP for years , so I hope you understand how disappointed I was when I bought my first L2000 ... What was n't to like ? 2GHz processor , 2MB of RAM , 100GB HDD , and a LightScribe drive -- I placed my order -LRB- from hpshopping.com -RRB- and eagerly awaited my new laptop.When it arrived , I spent 4 hours installing the software I need and configuring accounts , etc. . At just under 5 hours of ownership , it went into an infinite boot loop . Even booting from the recovery CD , reformatting , and reinstalling everything did n't work.After spending at least 3 hours on the phone to their call center in India , they acknowledged that I might have a problem and said that they would send me a new HDD overnight.Two weeks later the HDD arrived . Unformatted . I again used the recovery CD to reformat and reinstall the system . This time around , the computer crashed less that one hour into setup!I returned the unit and was talked into buying a second one , thus resetting the free return `` shot clock . '' Two weeks later , my second L2000 arrived and all seemed well until THEY VERY LAST DAY of the 30 day return period , when the motherboard died -- the BIOS would n't even load!Needless to say , I returned it posthaste and have not purchased a third unit , despite their offer of $ 75 off of any other laptop.BTW , HP has shortened their return period from 30 days to 21 . I strongly recommend that if you buy one , load a program that will keep the processor and disk busy -LRB- calculating Pi to a million digits is a viable suggestion -RRB- , and `` burn it in '' for at least a week to make sure it does n't suffer from what HP described as `` infant mortality . ''
 I ca n't believe Lance loaned his name out to such an inferior product.I bought this laptop because it was fairly cheap and did what I needed it to in order to do school work . Apparently I did n't need this hunk of junk to actually Boot up . When I first got the laptop every other time I turned it on I would receive Kernel errors and have to reboot the computer and wait about 30 minutes while it ran a scandisk.After a while I got fed up and re-installed Windows ... Same things started happenning . Contact HP support via Internet of course because I could never find their help number and they had me flash the motherboard with a new Bios . Did that and laptop worked great for about a week.I decided Windows was bad so I installed a Linux based OS . . Which worked great ... Until I left it unplugged for a while ... Now Laptop is giving me more errors . Oh happy days.Laptop makes a great door-stop though .
 With less than a month with this product , I already have problems . Do n't get it . Hp did n't even send an Operating System disc . I got problems with this product ...
 HP has the WORST customer service of any company of any kind that I have ever dealt with . I have never called without having spent at least one hour on the phone with them before the various extensions in India , none of whom are helpful . And once the service is complete the computer is usually returned with more problems than they were origionally sent with . I would never buy another HP again .
 Worked for about the first 15 minutes , then started having fatal errors -LRB- aka `` the blue screen of death '' -RRB- every time I ran more than one application at the same time . Could 've spent time troubleshooting , but a computer should perform better than this straight out of the box . If I had known it was really a Compaq in HP clothes I would have never bought it -LRB- you do n't find this out until you turn it on and look around - I guess that explains the low price -RRB- . The only bright spot is the fact that I got a full refund including the cost of shipping it back to Amazon .
 I come across all laptops in my profession , and lately HP 's are just terrible . It really does take FOREVER to boot up , literally between 3 and 4 minutes which seems to plague all HP 's nowadays . All HP 's that I 've seen in the past 6 months do this routinely.The touch-pad completely sucks , Battery-life is about 45 minutes to an hour FOR A NEW BATTERY -LRB- you can bet you 'll be buying that extra one if you ride airplanes -RRB- . And granted you only have to do it once , but initial set-up is unusually grueling.I 'll never stray from Toshiba again .
 I got this notebook last fall and was quite happy with it - for a reasonable price the configuration you get is much more better than the competitive laptops . I was thinking that this is a good deal that can not be true - and I was right.After half a year , now I clearly see the many SERIOUS disadvantages which are caused by LOWER QUALITY : - it gets HOT - if you plan to work with a laptop on your lap -LRB- what of course is quite often -RRB- , after a while it becames REALLY HOT and impossible to work with . You MUST put it away from your legs because you can not stand the heat . And this happens EVERY TIME ! Right now as well , you would never believe how bad it makes you feel - almost impossible to work with ! - LOW BATTERY LIFETIME - when the laptop was new , I got about 2-2 .5 hours of lifetime . Now it stays for 1 hour !!! After a clean installation of OS , it is still 1 hour . Unbelievable when I consider that my friend with old ASUS laptop with INTEL mobile processor gets 3 hours at least . I am quite sorry but I have to admit that AMD really can not do the same job in processors for notebooks . All marketing talks about TURION as the new `` mobile '' 64-bit processor of AMD that offers advantages for notebook users were just TRASH . Now I feel so ashamed because I am the only one that must recharge after one hour of working when working at school group projects . - DVD ROM PROBLEMS - I have so much trouble reading DVD movies -LRB- even original new dvd movie sometime can not be read and DVD stops playing -RRB- and writing DVD disks -LRB- errors and ruined blank medium -RRB- , there is apparenty something wrong with this line of DVD-ROMs in the notebook because when looking for help on the Internet , I found that I am not the only one with those trouble ! Plus , the new drivers that could maybe solve this problems were never made -LRB- TSSTCorp TS-L532R -RRB- - there is NO SUPPORT . And double layer writing ? Do n't even think it could work !!!! - the plastic cover of the screen is cracked on two spots -LRB- right next to hinges -RRB- . First I thought that I dropped the notebook somewhere and I do n't remember , but the cracks look really specifically to be done from material stress - which does not come from falling on the ground or bad manipulation but solely from regularly opening the laptop !!! The material is just cheap and not designed to last for a long time.If I were to choose now , I would prefer to pay a bit more or to pay the same price for worse configuratuion - because the real truth is that the quality of Livestrong is not really great . The worst thing is AMD TURION PROCESSOR - absolute disaster to choose for your laptop ! I have always preffered AMD over INTEL but now I see that the quality gap is still very very considerable .
 I bought the Lance Armstrong special edition in September 2005 . Couple of months ago , my husband noticed a crack on the outside of the computer , right behind of one of the hinges and immediately called the customer service . India picked up the phone and it took 45 minutes maybe more for them to understand what our problem was with the computer . Although we have a year warranty , this was for some reason not covered . We were upset so they said a technical support person will call and talk to us , which they did but my husband was not home so the tech.support guy left a phone number that is 24/7 busy . We called them again , this time very frustrated and they told us again they were gon na call and that was 3 months ago . So , be careful . We wasted our money !! N.Anderson
 I bought this case based on a lot of great customer reviews.Before I get to the cons on this case , let me say 2 things . 1 : I own 4 other Lowepro camera cases and love them ! 2
 This is ugliest looking camera bag , it looks ok from the web , but once I received it and open the package , it looks so ugly and i throw it away . It is not worth of the money .
 I ordered this to replace a broken one . I read the product inforation before placing my order to make sure it was compatible with my system , but it did n't work when I got it . I 'm knew to this , but I 'm guessing bulk means not boxed up and no instructions . It would have been nice to be able to double check something . The bad part of doing a refund is that I do n't have a printer , but Amazon was great with refunding everything .
 I dont know what happend , work one time only I check -LRB- Effuse -RRB- I dont , regards
 Lots of static , had to keep changing station , sound was terrible . Not a good product . But from what I heard , no FM transmitter is .
 I thought I knew what to expect from almost any FM transmitter
 I BOUGHT THIS PRODUCT BECAUSE SOME REVIEWS ARE VERY GOOD BUT WHEN I RECEIVED IT I FOUND A NOT GOOD PRODUCT , A LOT OF STATIC AND LOW VOLUME ALSO A LOT OF INTERFERENCE ALL THE TIME . HOPE SOMEONE INVENTS A GOOD FM TRANSMITTER FOR IPHONE.ITS BETTER TO USE AUX INPUT WITH A DIRECT AUDIO CABLE .
 After taking my time looking for an adapter for my ipod , I deiced to buy this because it had the best reviews out of the hole bunch and it was the most expensive out of all the 5 star products . well that sometimes does not work . this product is horrible . just like the rest , there is a lot of static , you drive a couple of miles and you have to change that station because the static just overtakes it all . some songs are played with the bass really high and eve though i try to adjust it with my stereo , it just can not be done . when I bought this product it had 5 stars . Now , it is down to 3 so my guess is that I am not the only one .
 tried in 02 Celica did n't work all you here is muffeled music and a bunch of static do n't waste your money
 tested the drive by copying a 897Mb file back and forth . While read speed was very good - around 16Mb/sec , write speed was horrible - slightly over 2Mb/sec . In comparison , my old 1Gb Lexar drive shows 8.5 Mb/sec write and 11Mb/sec read.Not to mention that there is a 15-20 sec delay between you hit ` copy ' button and the actual copying dialog showing up.Did test it on my desktop and laptop.It may be just a faulty one I got , but this is my second negative experience with Kingston after purchasing their 2Gb miniSD card -LRB- also pretty slow -RRB- .
 I need someone to contact the seller or remove him or her from ripping anyone else off !
 This product seemed to work perfectly well . However , I put this on my keychain , which went into my pocket . The problem is that the little white cap falls off all the time . It is too loosely fitted to the drive , making it fall off with little to no force . It was only a matter of time before the cap fell off without my noticing . Now , I have no cap , and the device is pretty worthless to me without its cap .
 This din -LRB- wiring not included -RRB- did n't fit my 1985 Toyota Celica Supra . The only place I found the correct size was at Crutchfield .
 I bought this mouse after my Targus one died -LRB- after about 1.5 year 's use -RRB- , so my expectations in terms of shelf-life were n't too high -- but it died after ONE MONTH ! I placed my order on July 26th and have used my laptop + the mouse for maybe 2-3 hours a day -LRB- some days less -RRB- since then . Today , September 5th , it stopped working . I never wrapped the cord or took the mouse anywhere else -- it remained stationary , on my desk , the entire time , the cord never touched.This product is a poor investment . I found the scroll ball clunky -LRB- it makes an annoying whirring noise -RRB- and the cord perfectly functional , but it should n't have only lasted a month . I 'm going back to Targus .
 I ordered this mouse because I have been using it 's parent mouse for over three years and I just loved it . It feels very good in the hand and I just like a smaller mouse.I was thoroughly disappointed in the button functions . The center button can not be used for a double click on this model . I love that feature and if it is n't on a mouse , I detest using it.So my drawer has ended up with yet another perfectly good mouse because they just do n't bother to tell you these things in the write-ups . Other then that , I ca n't report on any other findings , because I put it away before I could throw it across the room.If automatic double clicking is not your thing , then I think this would be a pretty good mouse.I do love the size and feel of it in the hand during use .
 I would have loved this mouse had it not died within three months of my owning it . It fit well in my hand , and I was able to be used on most any surface . Unfortunately , it began dying while I was using it . For a little while , I just had to unplug and plug it back in and it would work . Then , it just stopped working all together . The next time I have some money , I 'm going to invest a little more in a mouse .
 Its nice and portable , but it moves way too slow . I put the mouse speed all the way up and it 's still way too slow ... not very impressed ...
 The mouse is nice and light and the scroll wheel even works , which is more than I can say for my previous mouse . The only complaint I have is how the cord is wrapped around the bottom part of the mouse after you are done using it . The reason this becomes annoying is because you have to tightly wrap the cord and if it is n't tight enough the usb connector wo n't be able to reach the place on the bottom of the mouse where it is supposed to snap into . So if it does n't reach you then have to unwrap the cord and then rewrap it more tightly . I have had the mouse about 3 weeks and I still do n't get it on the first try . You would think that there would be a better design than this or at least some leeway in the cord length so this does n't occur.UPDATED
 Bought this mouse about fews months ago and it already dead . Not a good mouse .
 disappointed . i bought it in december 2007 , now its may 2008 and its not working and the return window expired after 30 days .
 I bough two of these 6 months ago for two different laptops . Both of them lost connectivity unless you hold the cord near the usb outlet . I would not recommend this mouse for anyone .
 Do n't buy it . It took me longer to open the packaging than I could mouse with it before I started to feel my index finger going numb . I am used to a smooth scrolling wheel ; the wheel on this mouse moves in increments and is creaky & cranky . It ca n't possibly be good for the muscular structure of the hand and should come with an ergonomic hazard warning . On the other hand , if you 're looking for 6 weeks off for a work-related injury ...
 Winding the wiring around the mouse is a great idea for storage ; however the wire is so poorly made , it broke within a year . USB mouse began only working sometimes then by wiggling the wire the mouse would begin to work again . Did n't take long after that for the mouse to quit working completely . If you purchase this item I would recommend not wrapping the cable around the mouse .
 The cord management feature eventually causes the mouse to die . All of that unwrapping and re-wrapping of the mouse cord around the base eventually wears out the wires inside , and the connection becomes spotty and then the mouse stops working . As an example , the same thing happens when you bend a metal hanger at the same spot over and over . It eventually breaks . I would suggest going with a retractable solution or a wireless mouse .
 I have purchased two of these , and will not buy another . They have a fatal design flaw that makes them stop working after several months . The cord , which is so convenient and thin , and which wraps so neatly around the mouse , either pulls out of the USB connector or breaks internally at the point where it bends sharply . Somebody who does not wrap and unwrap the cord to use the mouse will probably never have this problem , but for a user who needs to pack the mouse away and unpack it frequently , this design issue is fatal . If you need a mouse that 's truly portable , do n't buy this one . Get a small Dell mouse with a permanent cord . They are a little bigger , but they only cost $ 7 at discount outlets , and they will last .
 I bought the item about a year ago and I loved it . It 's very functional and is perfect if you prefer to use a mouse instead of your laptop 's pad and you are on the go all the time . What I noticed right away as a possible long run problem , was the thin cord which did n't seem very long lasting . However , that did n't turn out to be the issue . After about six months the scroll suddenly failed . Very weird indeed , but that 's what happened , so i had to buy a new one ... this time larger . My roommate has the sam one for longer than me and she did n't have any problems although she does n't use it outside home too much . Anyway , i guess i was n't lucky enough with mine .
 I bought this mouse for every day use with my laptop which I use as a permanent home desktop computer . What a disappointment ! I have always trusted the Logitech brand , but they missed the mark here . This mouse is too small and does not fit my average sized hand . It looks and feels cheaply made , and I do n't expect it to last very long . The scoll wheel is crude , and you can actually count the notches as you scroll . To move around a page , I have to pick the mouse up and re-position it on the pad to go very far . I have only used this Logitech mouse for a few minutes , and am ready to drive to Wal * Mart for a replacement . I bought it to replace a Microsoft wireless mouse that developed a problem with the left button . As a webmaster , I use my mouse more than the average person and have worn out several . $ 9.65 + shipping was a poor investmemnt . The only good thing I can say is that the shipping was fast .
 Epitome of `` You get what you pay for . '' -LRB- Although I did get more Logitech plastic blister packaging than I paid for . -RRB- This mouse is like a cheap plastic child 's toy.The scroll wheel is loud , and responds poorly . It has too much play in it before the knurls or whatever rotate . It 's a clumsy constant annoyance . Ca n't imagine using it in a meeting or within earshot of some poor cube corral co-worker all day long.Old / discontinued product ? Instructions say go to their website and download software . But I could n't find a `` Notebook optical mouse plus '' anywhere on their site after searching via three categories , and visually , and by using their search box . The mini manual does n't say what the software is for . But it worked when I plugged it into my MacBook anyway.It 's back to genuine Apple for Mighty Mouse for me . Design matters .
 I bought this item on May 11th , and today August 24th , it died . I 'm using it on my Lenovo laptop which I use at most two hours a day . The size was right and I could use it with either left or right hand . I do n't need a fancy mouse , but I do need a reliable one .
 I 've bought this mouse twice . Each time it would work great , felt great , just the right size for a traveling mouse , but then the first broke after about two years . I bought another this past January , it 's broken already -LRB- October -RRB- . Both times connection to the USB port went ; exactly the same problem . I wo n't be buying this one again .
 What fool measured the PACKAGE instead of the product ? Those of us with netbooks are interested in the measurements if the mouse , not the package !
 AVOID THIS SUBSTANDARD PRODUCT AT ALL COSTS . A SHORT CORD FROM USB PORT TO THE ACTUAL MOUSE ITSELF MAKES NAVIGATING A COMPUTER SCREEN NEAR IMPOSSIBLE . MOUSE WORKS VERY ERRATICALLY ... HARD TO CONTROL , AND SEVERAL TIMES CUT OUT ALTOGETHER . AFTER ONE WEEKS WORTH OF LITTLE USE , THE CORD LITERALLY CAME AWAY FROM THE MOUSE ITSELF . AND THIS IS ADVERTISED AS BUILT TO LAST . SAVE YOUR MONEY
 I bought this mouse a few months back . It was working fine in the begining then it started ti give trouble . You have to place it in a certain position for it to work . I works sometimes and does n't work other times . do n't waste your money .
 I 've had this mouse for about a year and a half and today it died when it lost its tail . The wire that goes into the USB connector end is flimsy and eventually the individual wires just broke.This mouse has otherwise been good and accurate , but it just does n't hold up to the stress of being wrapped up -LRB- as its supposed to be around its base -RRB- as much as someone that has a notebook computer may need .
 It ca n't be that hard to design a mouse , but ... - the cord is so short that it only works if there 's a USB port on the right side of your laptop -LRB- e.g. , not my MacBook Pro -RRB- - unless you 're very careful , when you wind up the cord around the mouse there 's not quite enough wire to click the USB connector into the detent that 's supposed to hold itOtherwise it 's fine .
 Had been working great . Then one day it just started behaving badly ... like there was a short in the wire . Maybe it got treated roughly when I was not looking -LRB- I 've got four teens -RRB- . Based on other 's experiences with this model , I 'm willing to give it another shot .
 This mouse had to be returned because it either went very slowly or did n't go at all . I had the mouse speed sent to the fastest , and the tortoise could beat it from one side to another . I replaced it with a Logitech V220 wireless , which is very good .
 I bought this mouse because every laptop mouse I have had seems to last only about 6 months and this one has great reviews . So far , after two weeks , the mouse is working fine but I can not use it in a conference or meeting because the scroll wheel is so noisy that it would draw attention . I have never heard such a noisy wheel . I was also very disappointed that the people at Logitech have absolutely no concern for the environment . The excessive amount of heavy duty plastic packaging seems more appropriate for the crown jewels than a cheap mouse . I needed a heavy duty knife to cut through the sealed plastic and then the sharp plastic edge cut my finger . In short , I would not buy this mouse again .
 The mouse cord wraps around the unit and it has to be stretched out and bent at one particular location to wrap correctly . Due to this poor design , as opposed to retractable cords used by other mouse manufacturers , the mouse went dead with only a few months of use . If you are not planning to carry the mouse around and leave the cord extended all the time , this is not a bad mouse . However , if you are plannig to use this mouse like how a notebook mouse should be used , then stay away from it . I was expecting this to happen when I first received my mouse in the mail , -LRB- I did n't know that it was a wrap-around cord at the time of my purchase . -RRB- but still not this soon . Overall the most poorly designed mouse I 've owned .
 I see that a few other users also had this failure issue after a few months . Very strange , worked great for a few months ... I thought i had a winner after using several other products that failed . This one no longer works after a few months . Help ! Can anyone recommend a notebook mouse that I can depend on ?
 I ordered this item because my camera 's USB cord was lost . I have a FinePix 4800 . The FinePix 4800 is listed in the product 's descrption but it does NOT work witht the 4800 . I bought it through seller - `` Lusopc '' . Big mistake . They claim no responsibility and tell me it 's my fault , that I bought wrong cord .
 Bought this because the picture looked a lot like the smaller , square cable which fits my FinePix s602z . it did n't ! they sent the regular usb-mini-b 4 pin that is slightly larger and has rounded corners . the picture clearly may be wrong . be careful !
 The audio quality is very good as far as I can tell and the mic seems to work well enough , but there is n't any detectable noise canceling - and I 'm not sure how it could do active noice canceling without drawing power from the USB port . Also , it 's described as a USB headset but instead it 's connectors are for audio jacks and it comes with an extra USB adapter for them .
 This is certainly not a good item , so I returned it . It is heavy . The material used for the earcups is somewhat rough and does not feel comfortable . The sound is good . However , even though headphones are supposedly to keep others from hearing what you are listening to , the isolation is bad and someone standing next to you can hear every word that comes through the headphone . Not a good word for this item !
 I read reviews and looked into this product before buying it . I was surprised this headset was so expensive as it has no features other then a volume switch . Because I am on a Mac , my selection is limited . I found the `` Plantronics '' products work but are so poorly crafted they break within a year . I think the construction of this product may be better but for the price -LRB- 3x as much -RRB- is n't warranted for the lack of comfort -LRB- the ear pads are to small to fully cover the ear -RRB- , And there is nothing in this to explain the price . I got the G-35 form Logitech and they were amazing in construction and bells and whistles but none of the cool stuff works on a Mac . They just become headphones . I would not suggest paying this price for this product ! It 's better then two tin cans on a string but it 's overrated . I would give this one star , when comparing the hype to the product .
 I got this for traveling . My mistake - it 's too bulky . Nice but I ca n't tell any special sound quality from other headsets I 've used . So for me , overpriced for what they are .
 Dear users , I was thrilled with the option of getting my hands on a pair of the renowned Sennheiser PC-66 headphones , but before ordering , I researched the internet and found once and again that the volume was very low using the USB connection even at maximum settings . As a thorough buyer I emailed Sennheiser tech support regarding this problem before buying and they replied that it was a non issue and that I would have no problems.Well I did have problems and even after tweaking everything that can be tweaked the volume is inappropriately low to listen to music pleasurably.I had to return the headsets to the retailer and lose $ 20 attributed to re-stocking fees . I did inform Sennheiset regarding the deceptive information and they really have ducked the issue.Don ' t buy these headphones .
 I really do n't understand why everyone is so positive on these headphones . I own several headsets , from cheap lightweight Radio Shack specials to full-on AKG open-ear headphones I use for doing home studio work . These are one of the most uncomfortable sets of headphones I 've ever encountered . They do n't conform to the head well at all . They 're pretty heavy for their size , and the pressure on the outer edges of the ear is very uncomfortable . If you wear glasses , they will press your ears uncomfortably against them.Sound quality is average . Nothing like my AKGs.I 'm surprise , really . Maybe Sennheiser does n't make the same quality as they used to .
 I ordered this headset because so many people said it was so comfortable -- and the specifications say it is an `` ear cup '' form factor -- I took that along with the reviews to mean that it was an over-the-ear form -- the only kind of headset I 've found comfortable to wear for hours on end . It is not -- it is an ` ear pad ' -- the kind that sit on your ears , the least comfortable kind of headphones -LRB- at least for me -- apparently not for everyone -RRB- . Other than that , it works great , sound quality is good , microphone is good , the usb plug is good .
 Build Quality is terrible , the microphone stopped working within a few weeks . There are better options .
 This tape is not very sticky ! If you need it to stick ... your out of luck ! I wish I could return it easier !
 Product was of good quality but is of no use to me . I bought it to us as an extension cord for my tablet charger and phone charger . However it does n't work like that so no it is in my junk electronics drawer until I find another use for it .
 I see quite a few good reviews on here , but this mouse was just awful after about a month of use . Something must be wrong with the way they designed the buttons . All the time I 'm single clicking on something and it registers a double click . I try and click and drag something and it releases halfway through without me moving a finger on the button . And this was n't just a Windows setup problem , I 've tried changing the mouse speeds with no success . These two issues cause contstant problems when opening , deleting , and moving files in Windows . I 'm getting a replacement asap .
 I downloaded the upgrades for the mouse online and for the week I used it had the problem of trying to keep the pointer from moving where I did n't want it to go . I play online games and it could n't keep up . I ended up buying the laser mouse and smashing this product with a hammer . That was the only satisfaction I got from using this . I did stick with Logitech and got thier laser mouse which works great . I 've always used thier products so one bad apple was n't going to spoil it for me .
 I mainly chose this mouse because I needed one quickly and it was black and matched my set up . I had been using the standard greyish white optical mouse with a scroll wheel and a red light that shined out from under my wrist . This one feels smaller , but still comfortable . However a couple weeks of normal usage made the mouse much less solid feeling . The plastic now mushes as the seems flex slightly in my hand . I decided to have a friend repair the cable of my old mouse . : - / I am going to donate this mouse to a friend who still has a tracking ball mouse . I like some of Logitechs products and higher end mice . But I would stay away from this mouse . Its not bad , its just not good enough to pick over other mice that cost the same amount.Hope that helps.Awesomefunn
 My Dell mouse went bad so I thought I 'd replace it with a optical model . I made the mistake of thinking a mouse was a mouse . This particular model jumps and jitters all over the place . I was lucky enough to be a able to trade it with my son 's roller ball mouse and he even complained about the jumpiness . I 'm going to order another Dell replacement and give my son his mouse back . Then I 'm going to take the Logitech optical mouse and unsolder the left switch and replace my old Dell 's switch . -LRB- It double clicks with one press . -RRB- I think Logitech makes good products , but this just happens to not be one . You get what you pay for .
 This mouse is very bad . It jumps quite often while moving . I have reinstalled the software twice but the problem is still there . When jumping is happening , it may do nothing , may close a window , or may delete data . The outcome depends on the application function . After I changed to LogicTech LX7 mouse , the problem is gone .
 I got this mouse for the fact that it does n't have any clear parts on the sides and top that shine light in your eyes , but thats about all it does . The controlls on this mouse are so horrible that after I write this review , i 'm switching back to my old mouse which is begining to break . My breaking mouse actually has about 12 times more controllability than this thing does brand new . It 's also a very noisy mouse . Clicking makes a very loud sound , which is n't very pleasent if your used to a nice quiet mouse .
 This is the worst mouse I have ever used ! I use it with Wow on a Wintel and it 's horrible . I have a Kensington mouse I use on my eMac that was about the same price and it is much better !
 I have had this mouse for only a few days . It works well with no installation involved . The absence of a trackball to do the job lessens the parts for wear and tear . I hope it works well for a long time .
 You must have the mouse very close to the computer or it will not work . very poor range coverage .
 This drive seems to require special drivers to work with Windows . I do n't know what else could be the cause of constant `` write protection '' errors.I 've tried all the solutions suggested online , including the mFormat utility that wipes all data from the drive , and I still ca n't save anything to it.Their support site is useless . It 's tedious to browse through the documentation , and requesting support requires filling out a form with dozens of irrelevant fields.I 'm never buying a Transcend product again .
 I get about 2 MB/s write speed when copying large files to this drive . It took over an hour to reformat it with Windows 7 . There is nothing ` Jet '' or ` Flash ' when you are copying data to this drive . The computer store advertised it as ` High Speed ' . The only thing high speed about it is the USB 2.0 port . I get about 14MB/s read speed . Reading files from this drive seems reasonably fast . I 've been using this drive for 2 days now . So far , it seems to work ok . It 's just slow . I read that it 's supposed to have a blue LED . Mine has no working LED at all .
 The USB flash drive failed after 4 monthsa and I got an RMA and mailed it back under warranty . Transcend sent out the item after repair but it was returned to them by the USPS as undeliverable -LRB- may be the label got damaged ? -RRB- . Transcend will NOT send it out again unless I pay them $ 20 . What about that for highway robbery . Choose a reputable supplier instead . Transcend sucks !
 I bought two of them , one works fine , other is recognized but all the files are gone and wo n't let me write any other files . It is basically fried . it is cheap and shows why it is cheap .
 Purchased 2 and both do n't work well . Figured a flash drive is flash drive but in this case that is not true . Worst drives I ever purchased and would not but this brand again
 Guys , Do NOT buy Transcend flash drives . My first one went bad after little use . So I got it replaced . This one lasted a little bit longer but eventually went bad within an year . The product physically looks ok but the quality is awful . For the price this item has , it 's not recommended at all . Cheap stuff sold at high price .
 I purchased one of these with because I lost my Lexar FireFly and wanted something cheap . This obviously was a mistake . I have to keep a backup of it on my desktop at all times because it loses data about 1/3 of the time when I plug it in , especially right after copying files -LRB- and even with a safe eject -RRB- . I would not recommend this project to anyone unless you truly enjoy being frustrated and wasting time .
 I bought 2 of these flash drives ... mainly because they were small ... but both of them stopped working 2 weeks later ...
 Complete junk ... Lost 3.6 gigs of data ... Transcend website has recovery tool , but they warn you to backup your data as the tool reformats the drive ... . What kind of recovery tool is that ???? The idea is to recover the lost data , but these highschool dropout engineers at Transcend want to reformat my drive ... 1st and LAST transcend product I ever buy !!!!
 I bought one in a computer store and it broke the same day . I lost all my data I had in it.This is a waste of money .
 Very slim and attractive . Comes with its own lanyard . However , if you 're planning to wear this on your neck or dangle it from a bag , let 's , say , I warn you that the cap can fall off easily . Even stashed in my bag , the cap parts with the flash drive .
 This device would only let me use less than half the memory and -LRB- Digital Media Source -RRB- ripped me off for the return shipping .
 I would not recommend this product . I bought one and it failed within four months of very light use . I tried it on several computers and none would recognize the drive .
 This drive was a huge disappointment . I bought it some months ago because it was on sale , opened it and let it sit . The first time I tried to use it - NOTHING . Tried to format it , and even though it shows up in Explorer as `` Removable Disk '' , formatting fails with a `` There is no disk in Drive G : '' `` Insert a disk and try again '' . No recovery software , no fix software , no help on the Transcend web site , and a manual that appears to have been written by accident.BUY SOMETHING ELSE !
 I tried this drive on my Windows 7 desktop & laptop , it did not work with either.It would automatically detect the drive , attempt to install it & conclude that the drive was unknown . I search the Transcend site for a driver/software that could help the OS recognize the drive , but there was nothing.So far , complete waste of money .
 For the money , this is a very slow drive . I can buy a drive that 's much faster for much less money .
 this is terrible , never have I waited so long for a product and still have not recieved it . I ordered this flash drive on June 12th it is now July 13th and still no sign of this thing . This company does horrible business , if there was a way to give negative stars then that I 'd what I would have rated it . I still wonder why it takes over a month to deliver something that weighs less than a pound . I hope these guys do better business with the next individual because I am through with them .
 I tried to retrieve data and pictures that was on desktop and I could notget them back though the drive is n't working at this time .
 60 + yo parent bought product at Wal-Mart over holidays b/c adult offspring were present to address any tech difficulties . Darned if loading the paper did n't turn out to be the most inconvenient & unmanageable `` tech '' task ! W / no help from postage-stamp-sized drawing on instruction sheet -LRB- which provides no further textual instructions ! -RRB- , we searched the web to find similar user complaints resulting in return of product . So off to Wal-Mart we go , receipt in hand to battle return lines engorged w / bad Xmas gifts & poorly-designed Casio calculators .
 Installing the paper tape proved to be impossible . The inside paper slot is invisible , there is no room for your fingers to guide the paper tape , & the paper tape is too soft to be pushed into the slot . After 20 minutes of trying I just gave up .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ! 1 . the printing paper jams constantly no matter how I try and adjust . Paper feed is ultra-delicate and snags the tape constantly .2 . The keypad layout
 I love casio products and have purchased for years . This one I thought would be great for my desk for the size , and it was but ... it would not turn on . The ` on ' button was stuck , pushed in and would not release . You need to purchase ink for it on your own , a bother . Really disappointed , sent it back .
 It just wo n't work . The instructions were confusing and unhelpful . I was unable to complete the install and ended purchasing this
 I used this flash drive for a while and found it too slow and finger scan too unreliable . For some reasons finger scan is very flaky , sometimes it takes many swipes until it scans at least one of the fingers successfully . So very often I have to resort typing a password instead in popup window . If that 's the case I 'd rather use a software solution , like cryptosidekick , to make a secure vault out of any flash , which would be also significantly faster . This particular drive is extra slow , who knows why , it does n't seem to do strong encryption , in fact , there is no information if it 's secure at all . And the last thing , it does n't work with Windows Vista , it shows unsecure partition , and that 's it .
 CAUTION
 I should not expect a whole lot for the price , and what I got was a good flash drive but not much of a useful security feature . The thumb or finger print scan feature just has not been reliable . But it is a good flash drive for a low price.For security features , however , it just does n't compare with my IronKey flash drives that I also purchased through Amazon . Cost a bit more , but very , very dependable features and reliable drives .
 The fingerprint scanner idea is great but the supporting software is poorly implemented . It wants to save all passwords you type in in a ` vault ' so it can later auto-enter them for you . Unfortunately , password saving does n't play nice with several pieces of software I run ; Microsoft Money and Password Safe for example . With these two particular pieces of software , it ` hijacks ' the screen and wo n't let me type in the password . Emails to Transcend asking how to disable the password saving went unanswered . Fingerprint scanner is somewhat difficult to use ; I had to scan my finger multiple times to get it to take , although I suspect my technique would have improved with time . Drive is very fast reading/writing data .
 It did solve the hum but the down side was I can not get any signal to the cable box.I have been having this `` voltage in the coax '' issue for years Comcast has been out -LRB- 5 times -RRB- they could not fix it.The signal was good when tested by the tech before the isolator but once installed it cut the signal to a point where the cable box will not pick up any signal.Anyone have any other suggestions on how to get rid of the voltage present in the cable?Thanks
 I purchased this because of a video hum I get when using component cables . I installed the transformer , and it did not affect the scrolling bar . And it 's definitely from the cable , because when I unplug the cable , the scrolling bar disappears . So even though it works for other people , it does not work for me .
 The current version of Office2004 is NOT COMPATIBLE WITH TIGER !!! Microsoft Word will crash on you , and to a crippling degree . Do not buy this if you have a Mac , since you 'll eventually upgrade to Tiger and Microsoft may or may not care enough to fix it . If you 've got some sort of Microsoft addiction and intend to buy it anyway , you could always see if they 've released a patch for it . Do n't just take my word for it , check out the discussions all over the net by searching `` word crash in tiger '' . There 's always NeoOfficeJ ...
 This item is not the actual software . It 's an UPGRADE . That means you have to have the actual software to use this . Unfortunately I did not have the actual software , therefore I can not use this product .
 As a user of v.X , I was looking forward to this . Well , as muchas anyone looks forward to new MS software . Maybe a root canal wouldbe more fun.I just do n't see it . They want me to cough up $ 350 for a some really minorfeature additions ? Even on the MS webpage , they have a hard time findingmore than 1-2 bullet ` enhancements ' for each component . And I 'd haveto believe that NoteTaker or NoteBook is a better application than whateverMS 's v1 of their Notebook facility is . And do n't forget the all important Messengerintegration : -LRB- Very disappointed .
 Microsoft Office for -LRB- or more importantly , Microsoft Word -RRB- for Mac -LRB- any Mac -RRB- crashes relentlessly and without mercy . I tried sending it back -LRB- on the day of purchase , get the picture ? -RRB- but I was turned away , having already opened the boxes and the inside sleeves.Run , do n't walk , away from this product . Get yourself a PC computer , and get Microsoft products , for that.Good luck : -RRB-
 My needs for are not complex enough to require the latest 2011 version of Microsoft Office , so I decided to buy this software to save some money.I was very surprised when I learned that this 2004 can not be used on post-2009 Macs . I found this out when I went to the Genius Bar at Apple and was informed of this fact.I have a 2011 MacBook Pro and if I want to get Microsoft Office , I would have to get the 2011 version . The page for this software is misleading in that it does not clarify this crucial exemption to people who are considering buying it .
 This software is incompatible with the OSX Lion operating system . Spoke with Apple and found that the 2004 program is no longer supported . You will get a message
 I sure did n't do my homework on this one . This is a 2001 product . Only Word loaded correctly . Excel would n't open at all , and Powerpoint opened , but would n't work , and would n't close . I had to force a shutdown to close the program . I called Microsoft 's helpline and they said not only is n't this product supported anymore , but that it would no longer work properly on Macs .
 It only became clear to me how MS undermines Mac by using its software as weapon when I began using MS office for Mac . I have used Window 's based Excel everyday at work for the last 20 years and I can not figure out how to use the Mac version efficiently . It seems like an ersatz version from 15 years ago . If you want to work on PowerPoint docs at home created on your PC at work you will find the effort not worth it ... the docs will never transfer formatting properly . I bought this program and almost never use it because it is just so clumsy compared to the PC version . Having said that , there is no alternative to MS office ; this is the outcome of MS having monopoly power ... no support and an inferior product for Mac users
 So now you have a Mac and face the inevitable MS question-Do I need a Mac version of Microsoft Office?The issue is made more difficult in that unlike for other versions of Microsoft Office , there is no free trial version of MS Office for Mac.Since I am reviewing this office suite , you should assume I bought this product . It has Word , Excel and PowerPoint that look and feel just like the PC versions . It does not have Outlook , but offers a program called Entourage which manages mail effectively and even has a rather clunky project management component incorporated in it . If you use Hotmail as your primary email program , entourage will seem a necessity since Microsoft has kept third party mail management programs away from Hotmail . This includes Safari which does not work that well with Hotmail -LRB- although Firefox does just fine in web based Hotmail -RRB- . There is an alternativeApple iWork ' 08 . iWork '08 reads and writes to Word , Excel and PowerPoint . It has a free trial -LRB- 60 days -RRB- and is much much cheaper , user friendly , and jazzier . As an added bonus , it uses much less real estate on your hard drive . It does not solve the Hotmail problem , but you can by migrating your webmail to gmail , yahoo , or lots of others which the standard Mail program on your Mac supports.So here is the question , why do you want a Mac office suite that essentially offers no improvement over the PC program other than a mail manager ?
 I have purchased 4 of these cameras to use with children in schools . They are lousy -- the photo quality is poor and often the entire pack of film is pulled out of the camera when you are trying to just tear off the photo taken -- Very disappointing to the students I work with as well as very costly . Nice idea with the photos being stickers other than that not a wise purchase
 Comfortable , and good price , but for some reason the acoustics are off . I play videogames primarily with it , and the footsteps in the game are not accurate to which direction they are coming from . My other headphones I used to use did not have this problem , and it only started with these new headphones . Also , people I 'm playing with have often said it is really quiet , even though the mic volume is turned all the way up . Its an okay product , but the couple of drawbacks I have had , are pretty inconvenient . But you get what you pay for . .
 I purchased the Labtech Stereo Headphones -LRB- 980232-0403 -RRB- , to allow me hands-free phone conversing . I am partially disabled and can not manage the phone and writing at the same time . I received the product only to find out it was not compatible with my home phone . I had to fill out a survey as to why I was returning said product , of which they were more worried about my ruining the inside packaging ... now how can you tell something will or wo n't work without examing it ??? They responded to my survey , then gave me 10 days to return it for a refund . REFUND WHAT A LAUGH ! On an over $ 14 + item , my credit card was refunded # 3.43 . NEVER AGAIN !!! I went to Staples -LRB- which I should have done in the first place . -RRB- , and purchased a headset which I am very pleased with . BEWARE !!! kathyf262West Bend , WI
 The product spoilt within 2 weeks of purchase . The head set still works but the mic does not . If am talking with someone with it , I would hear the person but the person will not hear me .
 Substandard , not worth the money . Would NOT recommend . Ear phone does not work properly . No matter what volume , earphone rattles .
 These were great at first , but in just a few months I had more and more trouble with the headphone plug connector . It now only works if I push the plug to one side while using it . I 've confirmed that the problem does not occur with other headphones.It 's a shame that this otherwise great product is now useless to me . I am generally very careful with how I treat my electronics , but a headphone plug needs to be able to handle a little wear and tear . I 'm going to be more economical this time and try the TekNmotion headset for half the price .
 This headset is perfect , if you do n't mind the person on the other line not being able to hear you ... I purchased this headset because the price was reasonable , unfortunately , the microphone is crap as it goes in and out
 I bought one to webcam with and it worked fine until 7 months -LRB- but only about 6 uses -RRB- later . Sound only comes from 1 side of the headphones now . I bought a set for my boyfriend 4 months ago and his is now also malfunctioning on one side . It worked well while it lasted , but it 's pretty terrible that the headset has n't even lasted a year . In addition , we have by no means put it to heavy use . So this product IS cheap , but do n't expect it to last longer than a couple months before you have to invest in another one . If only I had n't bought that second set for my boyfriend . What a waste of money .
 Do not buy this item . I plugged the head phones in and my computer the headset worked , but the microphone did not . One thing I can say is the labtech tech was kind and willing to work with me in letting me know the product was faulty . Save yourself some time and frustration and do not buy this product .
 the sound quality is really good , however the mic is very bad . I used it on skype , the other party can barely hear me . When I change to my old mic , it works fine , proving not the problem with the party on the other end .
 I bought this headset . It is not working on the second week . Then i exchange it , it has the same problem again . do n't waste your time and money . go for another brand .
 I bought this very quickly to use for skype on my lap top . I clearly did n't read the details . Do n't make the same mistake . I assumed incorrectly it had a ubs -LRB- ? -RRB- plug it does n't . It has an old fashion long round plug - like I had on my very first computer tower . I hoped that maybe there was an adapter included but no . Mea Culpa .
 Okay , I think I left a review on this item before but after about 6 months of using it the sound does n't work well at all , the mic on it works but what is a microphone on a headset with no incoming sound ? So basically I would recommend looking into another headset and review the quality of it as well .
 The microphone is not sensitive , and several times I was told by listeners that I 'm barely audible , or sound very distant . I tested it using the windows xp sound recorder -LRB- sndrec32.exe -RRB- , and got similar results .
 So I got these on august 14th and on september the 2nd the earphones stopped working , so I had a mic but no sound.So I think you should either have a back-up pair or Buy a higher performance which is probably higher costing Set.do not purchase the warranty for these it does n't kick in until after the manufacture warranty expires -LRB- 1 year -RRB- it is like pulling teeth to get the warranty enforced.amazon really should stop selling these disposable pieces of junk.filling the land fills
 While this is a fairly cheap , very comfortable headset with decent audio quality , I got complaints from the other end of my video chats re the microphone quality . My biggest complaint
 Before purchasing this microphone I thought all microphones are the same . In fact , they 're not . This one is causing lots of interference when I tried to use it with my computer especially when the speaker of the monitor is switched one . Besides , microphone boost is a must if you want other people to hear you clearly especially if you 're using skype to call a landline . I never had to do this with my other microphones . Very disappointed . Think twice before placing your order .
 Though it 's stylish and comfortable , that 's all it is.I tried it on and my voice came out fuzzy so I removed the foam piece from the mic set . Made the recording better . But made it echo . So when I used a program like Ventrilo , the other users complained.The only thing this is good for is it 's sound quality , which is good . But the microphone is awful !
 Microphone worked for about 1 minute on my laptop , then quit working . Tried on two other desktop computers with no response . Microphone had just quit working . Earphone works fine . Item not even worth returning because of low price . I went to Staples and bought a good USB headset and it works great .
 Headphones arrived promptly and well packaged . No apparent damage . The headphone portion seems to be somewhat adequate for my purposes , but the mic is not usable at all . I have been advised by those who have listened to me speak over the mic that the sound has a wowing effect and seems to completely cut out at times . For my purpose -LRB- using it on Skype -RRB- it is completely worthless . I do not recommend purchase of this item .
 The microphone on this is terrible.The earphones are very comfortable , and the sound is adequate -LRB- though not as loud as theCyber Acoustics AC-201The mic does n't pick-up sound well , AND the mic is too short . Most low quality mics , the ones found on these cheap headset , s need you to place the mic very close to your mouth . That 's fine , but this mic stem is so short , that - with my normal-sized head - I ca n't get the mic right between my lips - where this lousy mic has to be to pick up anything.I bought this and theCyber Acoustics AC-201 , to compare them . The latter is louder and its mic much better .
 I 've bought Labtec equipment before and I 've always been satisfied . Not so with this headset . It 's comfortable and appears to be durable , but it 's the sound that matters , and it 's terrible ! Everyone I called said it sounds muffled . I had someone call me with it on , and it does sound quite muffled . I 'm very disappointed , so back it went .
 I have used a Labtec microphone with my laptop for quite some time , and with good success . The microphone is decently built , and the quality of the captured audio is excellent.On the other hand , this Gamimg Set product from Labtec is a real disappointment . The headset speakers are very poor , and the microphone is even worse ; even when positioned in front of my mouth , I have to shout to produce a recording with any significant volume , and this is with the 20dB booster enabled.Stay away from this product .
 I ordered two of these headsets thinking they would be a good to use with Skype -LRB- one as a gift -RRB- . While the sound from the headphones is adequate -LRB- I would n't expect too much from a flat , on-the-ear style with cheap foam padding to begin with -RRB- , I could n't get the mic to work on either of them , so I 'm returning them both . Do n't waste your time with this product . I guess you get what you pay for .
 This product is supposed to supply power to a laptop by both a cigarette outlet in a vehicle or through an electrical outlet . The electrical outlet plug supplied is not compatible with U.S. electricity . I returned it twice and still got a plug that can not be used in the United States .
 It did n't work and was n't damaged by shipping . The company said to send it back then they did n't give another one . After some time they said they were out of them . I did n't get my money back and I do n't think anybody should buy from this company !!!
 I bought this with hopes of getting a nice stereo . HOWEVER , I did n't receieve the product and I questioned the seller of its whereabouts . I was giving a refund but the stereo arrived . The box was torn to pieces and it was broken once I opened it . I threw it away and promised never to buy stereos that seem too good to be true . - - Msz . BuTAbeAN - -
 The remote for the product did not work . When I notified Amazon , I was told I had to purchase a universal remote . that is not acceptable . I had to contact the manufacturer myself and although it eventually sent me another remote , it does not work either . Very disappointed with this purchase .
 I AM VERY DISAPPOINTED IN THIS ITEM SO ALL I HAVE TO SAY IS BUYER BEWARE ... ! ITS BEEN BROKEN SINCE DAYS AFTER IT ARRIVED ... ???
 Is this a joke ? First of all , this film is no longer made . So this is probably expired film . I still have some expired iZone film , and it 's basically useless . Second of all , this is a huge ripoff .
 The film does n't work . I 've tried numerous times and not a single image comes out instead I get a smear of grey ink . . I 'm not sure if the person I purchase this from kept the film in the appropriate room temperature . Bottom line a waste of money .
 I had a lot of problems from the start with this one , and finally decided to return it and get a more expensive Sony.The first problem was that most of the DVDs would not play back on my old Panasonic DVD player -LRB- which specifies that it will play DVD+R and + RW , and has played them from my computer and other sources -RRB- . I tried Philips , Verbatim , Fuji , and Imation discs . I finally got some Memorex and HP DVD+R discs to work ; so it just may be that all those other brand DVDs are too shabby . However , I still have n't gotten any brand of DVD+RW to work - they 'll record , but not play back elsewhere , even though the other equipment specifies it.Furthermore , often at the end of recording , it no longer recognizes the disc . I recorded on a Philips DVD in the Philips recorder , it seemed to be working fine , but when I tried to acess it again to add titles and finalize it , it said the disc was not the right region code for the player . Another time with an HP DVD+R disc , after I had recorded two short titles , it simply froze up at the end and would not bring up either the system menu or the title menu . Later I put this disc in the Sony recorder and it allowed me to finish editing the titles and finalize the disc.The remote has fewer features than I 'm accustomed to . Specifically , they use the same button for Next and Search - you press once to advance to the next chapter , or hold it down 2 seconds to search . I found this awkward and unreliable , though perhaps I would have gotten used to it in time.Finally , the VCR does not eject tapes all the way ; they stick when the edge of the cassette is flush with front of the machine , and if you try to pry it out , it pulls it back in . I 've had this problem with old worn out VCRs before , but this is a brand new one and should work better.There are other issues , but these were the most important . I used to think Philips was a good brand name ; this has changed my mind . But I would have to admit you can get this to work for you if you 're tolerant of all these problems and take the time to test the discs and procedures to find a combination that works for you . But I think it 's worth another $ 50 - $ 100 for a model that 's relatively problem free and handles more formats as well -LRB- I 'll review the Sony later - so far it 's seems much better -RRB- .
 I was thrilled when I originally bought this unit , because I intended on converting old VHS family tapes to DVD . Because I had already converted some tapes on my computer to DVD+R format , I also was using it to play the DVD+R 's that I had burned on my computer . There is some sort of problem with the unit that causes it to freeze and skip when playing custom burned DVD+R 's . It was shipped back to the factory once , and when I received it back , they had replaced the DVD Drive , but still was not working . It is currently being fixed now the second time , I 'm highly doubtful they are going to fix it now since they already replaced the DVD drive to begin with last time . But I am very disgusted with Philips warranty service and this unit . I have now been without my unit while under warranty repair for about 2 months , and after it came back the first time , there was an additional noise inside of the unit of something that had broken loose on the inside and was falling around inside the unit . Stay away from Philips unless you dare !
 After spending a lot of time recording a disk the machine will freeze and produce error Disc contains unknown data . Note - this also happens after only a few minutes of recording . The only thing I have been able to do is throw out the disc and start over . After 10 different discs this problem happened 4 times .
 I am totally frustrated with the Philips DVDR600VR . I recorded exactly 2 DVDs before it quit working . Now I ca n't get it to either read or record a DVD . The remote is awful as the unit responds to the commands at an extremely slow pace . A complete waste of over $ 300 . Now I have to send it in for repair .
 Job one for a DVD player -LRB- even one that records on DVD and VHS -RRB- is to play what you 've recorded , and to play your DVDs . Good luck getting this hunk of junk to play your store-bought DVDs . Half the time , when offering you a menu , it will not highlight the menu items so you ca n't actually choose anything . Which of course brings your viewing to an abrupt end.As to recording , this thing does not allow you to dub digitally from an outside source to the DVD player . So much for the wonder of digital imagery.I 'm very unhappy with the machine -- I 'd say you should avoid it .
 I liked the unit when I first received it , but really only used it a dozen times within a year and a half . My daughter went to use it the other day and told me it was n't working , as usual I thought it was something she was doing wrong . I looked at it and said you have to turn the power on my dear for the unit to work , she just looked at me and walked away . Two hours later I was still trying to turn the power on , it was dead with no signs of life . Not sure what happenend but all of my other electronics were working fine , so I ruled out any kind of lighting strike . Of course I was a few months out of warranty and when I called a Phillips representative to find out where I could take it to get repaired he just told me to take it to Best Buy . I did n't even know Best Buy repaired electronics , I do n't think they do . Overall I would say now this is a bad experience since I paid $ 386 for the unit and barely used it at all , now I have to get it repaired or just junk it . So stay away and buy a Sony , that is what all my other electronic toys are and some I had for about 20 yrs and are still working fine and never purchased an extended warranty either .
 BEWARE
 I 've had this unit over a year , and have had LOTS of problems . It conked out shortly after I bought it and had to go back to the factory for over 2 months . Now it has a new set of annoying habits , particularly a loud fan that goes on and off seemingly at random . Look for something else !
 The fit is fine however this is quite shallow . The depth is very limiting and makes this of little use to me . I found one that is at least an inch deeper and is more practical.Shop around .
 The piece in the picture is not the piece I received . It fits but does not have the slots to place CDs in . Just a big empty space to cover up the wiring . Not a huge issue but I 'd like to get what I ordered and paid for .
 this product worked no better than the g receiver I had used previously.they claim 4x the coverage of wireless g - it was worse than may g. Yes I did have the trendnet N router . Every house is different - it may or may not work for you
 Not very durable . It died with the power outage & the only item to die .
 This adapter constantly stopped working , cut in and out . stopped altogether over and over again . Piece of junk . I do not recomend it .
 This adapter does not work with Windows 7 64 bit . Disregard the compatibility list , it is worthless . So far I have purchased and returned 3 adapters and none of them have worked with windows 7 64 bit . Linksys AE1000 , Belkin n300 micro , and this Trendnet , none of which have worked . I even tried to use drivers made by the chipset manufacturers with no luck .
 I just got mine delivered today and the clip does n't even fit into my Dell Latitude D810 screen -LRB- the screen is about 3/4 inch thick -RRB- . I must admit , it is a nice little webcam except that it needs a lot of light to operate . I have tried it for about 20 minutes with the webcam sitting on my desk and I could get good video image if I switched on all the lights in my room.Sad to say I have to return this unit !
 How did this thing end up with 4 stars ? First of all I can never find anything to clip this onto . It does not clip to any part of my standard Dell laptop without putting stress on the pastic and it is not worth breaking my laptop for . Oh and good luck finding something else in your house that fits it perfectly and can stabilize it . Secondly the cord is so short it is not even funny . I suspect it is about about 3 feet tops . So if you want to move it around to get something a little out of range forget about it . Third of all it does not focus well at all especially when the subject is any real distance away . Lastly , the drivers on Vista actually cause the blue screen of death randomly and fairly regularly . Which is of course super fun when you are trying to talk to someone online . At this point the only thing to like is the right light feature which does seem to do an o.k. job of handling low light conditions . However , if it is all blurry , immobile , and crashes your computer , it does n't really matter does it ?
 Before buying this camera , go to the Logitech website user-discussion forums , and you will see that many users -LRB- myself included -RRB- have problems when videoconference with this -LRB- and other -RRB- Logitech webcams . The problem is that during video/audio conferencing over the Internet , the audio will go bad and result in pure static . The only way to resolve the issue is to end the call and start over , or put the call on hold and then resume a few seconds later . This is really annonying as it can happen multiple times per minute . The issue is certainly a HW or SW issue , as it is platform independent and occurs with Skype , MSN , AOL , etc. . Logitech aupport has given no feedback on their website , and I will be returning my camera to the buyer or requesing a refund from Logitech for a defective product .
 guys think twice before u buy this . quality is good . but i had a IBM think pad and the mount does not fit . the mount design is so stupid tat it is not elastic enough . this camera mount fits only on compaq , sony vaio , dell laptops.I have to change my laptop to fit this camera . stupid camera mount
 I am not sure if I did something wrong but I ca n't get the mic to work on the Camera . The Camera part works fine .
 I bought this webcam because I got new notebook which had vista and my previous Logitech webcam is not supported by Vista . Having used and very happy with Logitech webcam I got this webcam . The video quality is very bad and as soon as I start webcam the computer gets very slow and I can not doing anything .
 I ca n't get the webcam focus corrected , and the image remains too blurry to even identify who it is . After trying several times to use the webcam I gave up and put it back in the package .
 Before buying this camera , go to the Logitech website user-discussion forums , and you will see that many users -LRB- myself included -RRB- have problems when videoconference with this -LRB- and other -RRB- Logitech webcams . The problem is that during video/audio conferencing over the Internet , the audio will go bad and result in pure static . The only way to resolve the issue is to end the call and start over , or put the call on hold and then resume a few seconds later . This is really annonying as it can happen multiple times per minute . The issue is certainly a HW or SW issue , as it is platform independent and occurs with Skype , MSN , AOL , etc. . Logitech aupport has given no feedback on their website , and I will be returning my camera to the buyer or requesing a refund from Logitech for a defective product .
 First of all I had to go onto the website for instructions on how to install the software and driver for Windows Vista users . Finally I got it up and running after about a half hour . The webcam did n't track hand movements very well and the video came out really blurry . My built in laptop webcam was much better in that regard . It 's good for someone who stays still and just speaks into the video . The camera did n't fit on my laptop and kept falling off , which got really annoying . After a few hours of recieving this product it 's now boxed up and ready to be returned .
 Great picture BUT that 's where it ends . Whenever I shut the cam off it blue screens my laptop , the audio is nonexistent . Tech friend of mine did some checking and found some vista compatibility issues . If it was n't for that I 'd actually still have it hooked up to my laptop .
 I agree with some of the other reviews out there - the sound is a real problem . It took me a while to figure this out , since the USB sound should be better , and so I did n't suspect the camera itself , instead blaming my connection , the cellphone interference etc. . Now it makes more sense . I 'm going to dump this camera and buy another one . If you 're working with a USB headset or separate mic , the picture is reasonable .
 The video was remarkably sharp , but never could get any sound no matter what I or my computer guy tried . Returned the camera and bought a quickcam pro elsewhere that worked fine . Go figure .
 Although this camera comes with software for Mac OS never works in my iBook . Customer services never answered my request about drivers and have not found any on the web . If you have a Mac never try this camera . I lost 60 bucks .
 I have excellent PC and Mac computer . And this is what happen.Pro : It works good on Windows XP , but only `` 1 frame per second '' when using messenger.Con : It comes with CD for Mac OS X , but it does n't support any mac.I went to logitech website for help , and still does n't work out right.Buy as it , and that 's it .
 I bought this cam for $ 43 looking at the good reviews , but completely disappointed with the quality . My brother got creative webcam pro for $ 15 the same time I got logitech quickcam . Both seems to have same picture quality . I feel I wasted money
 Picture and sound quality are VERY poor from this little device . It does not have a noise canceling device so quite often an echo can be heard . The video is small , grainy , and dark . Although the camera fits nicely on the top rim of my laptop screen , it is not very adjustable up or down/side to side and since the video window is so small , it often sets the subject off to one side or the other instead of centered . The only thing that I like about these ` Quickcam 's ' is that they are extremely easy and straightforward to use.I ended up purchasing the ` Pro ' version of this camera at the same time and have been very pleased with it . I recommend to anyone considering purchasing this product to spend the extra money and get the Pro version .
 This product does not work in any acceptable way with an Apple notebook . Had to return it . Only saw a very blurry image - not even recognizable.I had read a review saying it worked with Apple notebooks . Very disappointed .
 The quality of the webcam is great , but it is not made for all laptops . I have a Dell Inspiron 1150 . My Laptop is too thick to clamp the webcam onto . This was a gift given to me from a friend who is serving our country overseas . I greatly appreciate the gift . I have to try to figure out how to clamp the cam onto my computer inorder to use it , so I can communicate with him . It works great for him and this is why he bought this one for me .
 The webcam was delivered with it 's programing on a generic disc . -LRB- no company logo , ser . # etc. . . -RRB- . The programing on the disc would not load properly and I was forced to go to Logitechch 's website and download software that worked . When using the cam with Microsoft 's Live Messenger both my system and the other ends computer crashed . This did not result in any major damage and was probably caused by the Microsoft program but I mention it because Microsoft 's Live Messenger is a popular program and folks should know that Logitech 's webcam software and Microsoft 's Live Messenger are evidently not compatible . Overall , I 'm disappointed with this product .
 The picture quality is verrrry blury.I am very disappointed in this product ; It was a waste of my time and money
 Seemingly nice and compact webcam , however once you connect it to the USB port and see the video output , you will be very disappointed . Horrendous video quality . Splurge on a better model , it 's worth it .
 I first installed the program from the Logitech CD that came with the webcam but it gave me a lot of problems -- it slowed down my computer and gave me the blue death screen -LRB- which eventually makes it restart -RRB- . I uninstalled the program and decided to just `` plug-and-play '' . It works okay then . Picture quality is fine as it adjusts accordingly to light changes . However , the sound quality is TERRIBLE ! There are random LOUD static noises every so often which would be my biggest complaint with this product . I tried installing drivers for the webcam but nothing seems to fix the static . I 'm unhappy with the product but I 'll just deal with it until I could afford to buy a better one .
 The camera itself is ok . But the spring that clip on the laptop screen is too tight , it hardly gets on my IBM T-40 and T43P -LRB- ~ 0.75 in thickness -RRB- . I have a QuickCAM pro 5000 at work which works much better , although larger in size . make sure you measure your laptop screen thickness before you buy this camera .
 You get what you paid for!I saw all the good reviews and thought that maybe technology went down in price and can offer a good camera for that price ... . not such chance . The image is terribly grainy , I can hardly recognize myself on the screen , it 's that bad .
 When I installed the camera and its software , I had problems with sound and picture on Skype . When I contacted Logitech , they checked the serial number and found that I had been sent a camera and software that was made in 2005 . It was completely out of date , and and after 2 hours with Logitech , they were able to install current software that worked . I still have problems with the picture . Do n't buy a camera from this seller !
 it crashed my brand new sony vaio laptop twice ... . i dont recommend it to anybody ...
 either I got a defective one or this webcam really sucks.It crashed my computer twice.Never using again
 Overall , this should be a wonderful piece of hardware ! It has everything ! It has excellent reviews ... . but warning on the driver . I put it into my CD driver and it kept grinding ... Mine could have been just one bad driver out of millions . I have used Logitech devices before and they have been fantastic .
 ... at first . I used it mainly for photos and yahoo chat . But lately every time I plug it in , my computer goes to the blue screen and has to do some sort of crash dump thing ! It 's ridiculous ! It 's not the first time I 've had a problem with a Logitech product , but it will be the last . I 've wasted too much money on products that work well the first 6 months and then crap out . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this camera as a needed tool for an online class and had to return it . The minimum requirements do not state that it does not work with Windows 7 . I could not install the drivers on my laptop , so I went to the Logitech website to try to find a driver for W7 , but there is none . This camera is not supported for W7 .
 Never could get this to work and the included software entangled itself so badly , it has been difficult to remove . Windows Vista
 I do n't know why everyone loves this webcam , maybe I got a dud . This camera has never worked properly for me . I 've reinstalled it about 10 times and now it wo n't even turn on . The installation process failed on multiple occasions . This is the most frustrating piece of equipment I have ever used . Maybe it 's because I 'm running Windows Vista . Who knows . All I know it that I want my money back .
 this camera does not work well , unless there is direct sunlight to your face . otherwise the image is very dark , and you can hardly see your face .
 Supposedly this is a good brand for a webcam , but I think its one of the worst quality web cams I have ever seen ! The color is awful , it always seems blurry no matter what adjustments I have made , and having this cam on a notebook , you ca n't adjust the cam so that you see more than just someone 's face . Its too close up !!! It also does n't fit very well on my notebook either . I 'm just not at all happy with it .
 Yes it is cheap , but the image is very poor.THe camra sensor does not handle poorly lit rooms . You need much light in order to see the other person . The resolution it self is also low making the picture quality bad.The clip did not fit on our laptop aswell .
 This webcam looks cute in size but not in its function . Its picture is very dull and almost others can not recognize you . I almost stopped it using in the nights . Even day times also its very dull . Better not to go for this product . The other webcam I bought from Creative for the same price is working good and giving nice picture
 Image quality is really poor - looks like something from the 1990 's !
 This camera broke down a few days after i bought it and it wo n`t hold on my notebook anymorew unless i tape it !!! Had to buy another one . Looks cute but not strong enough .
 This is one of the worst web cam 's I bought . You need to have a powerful lighting conditions to view the image , otherwise , you can just view black screen ... Not a good idea to spend amount on this . .
 This is a nice camera , but the software that comes with it -LRB- drivers etc -RRB- is problematic . It tries to control and get into many other programs and causes incompatibities . I had to give mine up because of this . Maybe with very minimal drivers , no attemps to control the audio , etc , it would be usable , but I have not succeeded yet .
 The cost of this web cam justifies the quality of its video image and capture . However , I would expect a little more for my money . The major problem is the lack of control over the camera 's adjustments . Despite , endless tinkering with the resolution , the picture quality is extremely grainy . Also , it is impossible to find a suitable color-shade adjustment
 This webcam sucks i wish i can return it but I just do n't want to spend more time and money mailing it back ... I was expecting a better quality product from Amazon but it just did n't meet my wants and needs ... te image freeze all the time and it is slow ...
 I fought with this cam for a whole day before giving up and buying a Microsoft VX . As I wish I had known before buying , there are lots of notes out on the web about problems with the Logitech drivers . I tried all the suggestions out there and still could not get reliable performance with Skype . It eventually stopped blue-screening the whole system -LRB- WinXP SP2 -RRB- , but videoconf freezes no matter what I do . Life is too short to mess with something like this - save yourself the trouble .
 Got this one for the sleek looks and thought it would be great product . . unfortunately i 'm shattered with its performance . the images are too grainy , dark and you will look like a ghost unless you are in daylight ... or maybe in floodlights.Definitely not suggested for home use especially night use . I never used the mic present as I had a logitech headphone ... so d n't know abt it.This was a disaster after Logitech Quick Cam Pro 5000 which I had . So go for it instead of it , if u d n't mind using a desktop version .
 The worse camera ever , the image is very dark if you are not in very good lighten room -LRB- and I mean very good -RRB- quality of the image is bad , sound even worse , after 10 minutes of speaking on the msg it was n't working anymore . thx god for Amazon 's customer service who let me return it at no cost and solve my complaint in minutes -LRB- very impressed with that -RRB- . I 've bought instead quickcam pro for notebooks , and you can see the difference in quality . it deserves the extra money
 It 's okay but the color takes a while to adjust itself and the picture is n't all clear and sometimes it shuts itself off when it wants to . I have alot of memory and not many programs running and it still does the same
 this has been the worst web cam I 've ever experienced . The picture is horrible , I look like I 'm in Paris Hilton 's next night vision video -LRB- minus the sex -RRB- , but worst of all is the sound quality , it makes a really annoying buzzing noise that ranges from tolerable to wanting to flush this thing down the toilet . If you do want to take your chances with this one , keep the packaging and test it out right away so you can make the necessary return .
 Logitech Quickcam for Notebooks -LRB- 961404-0403 -RRB- This product is not working good , vedio quality is not coming well , its look like balck and white vedio .
 A Good Webcam in it 's price range.Good quality of picture but under low light conditions picture is not so good , but not bad . .
 I had hope this would n't be your typical plastic cam with wimpy software , botchy installation and bad quality . Nope , it was . Been through lots of webcams ... this one is a standard junky filler camera to get to the masses . I just returned it .
 Worst webcam I have ever seen . The image is so blurr and hardly anything you can make from that . Also the image is too much dotted . Hardly you can say the design is for webcam sch a pathetic webcam is this .
 I have yet to use this product , but I was quite shocked when I got this in the mail . I ordered one from Circuit city last week and wanted another one . This one from netbargains was more expensive but Circuit city was out of stock . This one came wrapped only in bubble wrap along with the cd and a copy of the installation instructions . I thought I was buying a new product . No where on the site does it say its not new in the box . Pretty sneaky advertising . I only hope it works .
 This a decent and capable webcam for the price ... as long as you 're in a well-lit room . Personally , I like to keep my computer room dark so I 'm not too thrilled with this camera - I was hoping the light from my monitor would be enough but my image is completely dark , even with a small lamp on in the room . I have to turn on the overhead light when using this camera.The good part is that the picture is very acceptable -LRB- while never great -RRB- in those conditions . Considering the low price , and small size , this is an okay webcam . It 's intended for notebooks but I figured I could use it for my desktop and just clip it onto my flat-panel . No can-do . The clip does n't spread apart enough to do that so i just affixed it to the back of my panel with some double-sided tape.Looking back , I probably would n't buy this camera again .
 I had a cheap webcam -LRB- Veo brand -RRB- that i purchsed from Walmart . I purchased this this to replace the earlier webcam . It produces so-so quality under good lighting conditions , but under low light its just horrible , my earlier webcam did much better job than this one . The whole point of buying a notebook webcam is to be on the move , but with this one its more like using your laptop like a desktop just to get good lighting conditions for this webcam .
 I bought this camera in 2007 , because I wanted a cheap webcam . But the video and pictures were too fuzzy and light sensitive . So I packed mine up and sold it quick .
 The voice quality of the mic is really bad , ca n't use it . The picture is kinda ok , though not to the level of the average . Does n't work well with vista , it locked the vista computer several times
 I could n't get this to work more than once or twice in Skype -LRB- even though it says it 's certified -RRB- and that only after I UN-installed the software and drivers that came with the camera . It also did n't work with a number of other webcam apps , such as web based flash sites . I tried to look on logitechs site for driver updates , but could n't ' even find this products , even when clicking on show all cams for all times . I do n't ' know if this is some proprietary item made by Logitech for someone else , but I would steer clear ...
 It is not as good as recommended . The image is really unclear when the light is not strong , and it 's totally white under strong light . The contrast is low.It 's not a good product , useless
 I bought this webcam for my boyfriend as a Christmas present . I had decided to go ahead and purchase it because the reviews here said that it was pretty great.Nope.My boyfriend and I tried to video chat and the video quality is disgusting ! So pixilated and choppy !! Also , anytime he 'd cough or accidentally make any `` loud '' -LRB- actually just not really quiet -RRB- sound , the mic and sound would go CRAZY with static ! Even when he would n't cough , it would just spontaneously stop working and go wild with static . It drives me crazy , and now I know I 'll have to buy him a new , better webcam.What a total and complete waste . I do n't recommend this product to anyone .
 Steer away from this crap.I like , no , I love all things Logitech makes , but boy did I fell for this . I paid it -LSB- ... -RSB- $ to go with my new Compaq Presario -LRB- a couple of years ago -RRB- , but I regret ever since why , o why , I have n't returned it to the store.PROs
 I Send It Back Because It Was The Wrong OneThank YouHilary Cliff
 This was my third Westinghouse LCD Picture frame -LRB- purchased all because I thought they looked the nicest at the time -RRB- . ALL of the Westinghouse digital frames died within a year . I WILL NEVER AGAIN BUY ANYTHING FROM WESTINGHOUSE . So sad , their name brand use to be an American Staple back in my mom and dad days . Another American company putting out crappy products manufactured in other countries with just as bad support .
 Bought this frame on sale , lasted about 1 year ... Viewing angle really is horrible , you have to stand right in front of it to see the pics . It does have a nice split screen/random showing of pictures . . not worth the money ... shop around .
 The frame is very cheap looking . This can not be discerned from the online photo . It you are going to buy this one I highly recommend looking at it in a store before purchasing , to make sure cheap , plastic & tacky is the look you are trying to achieve .
 If an item seems too good to be true ... it usually is ! I was sucked in by the AMAZING price of this 14 inch digital frame . I have a good friend who ordered this exact same frame from another vendor and he has had nothing but problems & Westinghouse customer support has been non-existent . I figured at this Amazon price I would try it , and if I had problems I would just return it to Amazon.To make a long story short , my frame arrived defective , I tried customer service at Westinghouse -LRB- I called 5 times ! -RRB- and had a very similar experience with AWFUL customer support . I have heard rumors that Westinghouse may be filing for bankruptcy , and after this experience I believe the rumors . I will be returning this frame ASAP and spending a little more money for a different frame from a reputable company . Westinghouse does not care about the quality of their products , does n't care about their lack of product support , and clearly does n't care about their customers . But then again , why would they care if they are going to file for bankruptcy?RUN AWAY from this product -LRB- & Westinghouse -RRB- ... do n't just walk !!
 This is the biggest piece of electronic junk that I have ever bought . They started for over $ 300 and it appears that the price ca n't get low enough . Very user unfriendly with terrible instructions . Ours worked -LRB- if you call it that -RRB- for about a year then crashed . Garbage with a short warranty . Stay clear !!!!
 I purchased this product from Best Buy and had to return it twice for a replacement . I finally returned to the store a third time due to ongoing problems and even the `` Geek Squad '' could not get the unit to load files properly from a flash drive . I even took another unit from the store floor display and after nearly an hour of fiddling by the Best Buy staff , they still could not get the floor unit to load pictures properly . I finally exchanged the Westinghouse for a Kodak replacement and had no problems at all with the Kodak unit . This is an extremely frustrating interface for all but experienced computer users . I would highly recommend staying away from any Westinghouse photo frame products .
 Bought as a gift for my mom for grandkid pics . Out of the box it did not work - nothing , no picture . Exchanged it . Next one worked for one week until the power plug outlet became detached from casing and fell inside of unit so the power plug had nothing to plug into . Returned it for refund.Poor design , buttons and cofiguration are very difficult to use , and program for navigation and picture selection was certainly not designed for ease of use.Angle of viewing is limited as well . Unless you are directly in front of the frame at eye level , expect the picture to be distorted -LRB- as if looking at a negative -RRB- . For the money , heck , for any money - it is n't worth it .
 This frame looks nice and the picture quality is good , but only if viewed head-on . Off angle viewing is terrible . The worst is that the frame died after about nine months of continuous use in a well ventilated location . It shows a solid white screen , no menu access , and will not read SD of CF cards as a test to see if it would resume operation . Look for a better picture frame elsewhere .
 Despite getting this at roughly half price , I would definitely not buy again : - Starting up the frame is hard , and complex . Here 's the process for starting a slideshow with a usb flash drive
 When I first set the frame up I was very happy . It 's nice and large and not to difficult for me to operate . I like the resolution too . However , it seems that after about an hour or so of running it will freeze on a picture -LRB- distorting the photo by splitting it -RRB- and just lock up the frame . Only turning it on and off will let it work again . I called Westinghouse after trying all the fixes I could think of such as a different chip and reformatting my chip . It turns out , according to the tec I talked to , the frame is not suppose to support edited photos only RAW unedited jpg 's ! He told me if you run it though photoshop you should not us it on this frame ! Who does n't edit their photos ? Why would I want to put a 12MB photo on my chip when I can use a much smaller and appropriately edited one ? All my photos are run through PhotoShop . Seems like BS to me but there you have it . I 'm not sure why it would run for a time then lock if the pics should not work , they should not work from the get go . They also said they do n't get a lot of calls on this issue but I beg to differ . After doing an internet search it 's obvious it 's an issue for many people .
 After having tried Portable USA , eMotion and Westinghouse frames all here on Amazon -LRB- I did not bother with Pandigital , the whole `` blue arrow stuck in the corner glitch '' was a laughable deal breaker -RRB- , I stand like an Old Testament prophet , shouting to everyone reading -LRB- and yes , thou too ! -RRB- that -- BEWARE -- quality control simply DOES NOT exist in frames over 10 inches in size . I do n't know how could this be -- it 's inexcusable in that this technology is a decade old and your most basic of computers can manage this flawlessly as a screen saver . But these farmed out electronics -LRB- possibly the most returned Amazon items in their electronics inventory -LSB- not their fault -RSB- -RRB- exhibit failure -LRB- freezing -RRB- after failure -LRB- lasts a month -RRB- or shortcoming -LRB- really , the Shuffle Mode MUST be an option -- I 'm looking at you , PortableUSA and eMotion -LSB- who promised it , then removed it -RSB- -RRB- . Until a company actually produces a quality frame over 10 inches -- and that day is not yet here as of December 2008 -- please find a better use for your money . I 've gone through 3 companies , 4 purchases over 3 months and still ended up with something I 'll have to apologize for at Christmas . It makes me not even want to go home for Christmas .
 I received the DPF-1411 as a gift . It started acting up on the first loading of photos . The honchos at Westinghouse have no shame . They have no qualms about ruining the name of an all-american prestigious company by contracting with a substandard chinese manufacturer , skipping QC wholeheartedly , refusing to provide technical support -LRB- obviously , since the product is hopeless -RRB- , but who cares , since all that counts is to sell . Believe me , at that rate , they will not sell for long , and those guys will just add up to the lines of unemployed know-it-alls . Westinghouse 14.1-Inch LCD Digital Photo Frame
 Most of these are junk ! We had to go through 3 until we found one that actually worked . First , the USB drive was broken , then the second had a blur on the screen , and the third would n't even start up . Made in China - what do you expect ? We are now just hoping the fourth one does n't break !
 I BOUGHT THIS FRAME ABOUT A YEAR AND A HALF A GO.AFTER 1 AND A HALF YEARS OF 24 HOURS OF RUNNINGTHE SCREEN JUST WENT BLACK AND WOULD NOT TURN ON.ALSO , THE FRAME WOULD NOT RECOGNIZE SOME OF MY . JPGPICS AND I WOULD HAVE TO RESAVE THEM.AND IF YOUR 4 GIG MEMORY CARD HOLDS ABOUT 2 GIGS OFPICTURES THEN IT DOES NOT WORK.JUST DO N'T BUY THIS THING .
 did not buy the westinghouse 14.1 digital photo frame because the warranty is only 6 months -- westinghouse is telling you their product well not last a year without a problem --
 I was very disappointed in this picture frame.While this frame does have a very high resolution , it has virtually NO side viewing angle . If you are n't staring at it directly face on , then it starts to get overly-bright and washed out , or overly dark and difficult to see - depending on the angle you are viewing it at.It also has difficulty choosing the correct orientation for a picture . If you edit the pictures in an image editor - like Photoshop - then it seems to get them right . But straight out of a camera it often gives you a `` sideways '' photo in the frame.There is also a design problem with the Compact Flash card slot . It is very finicky and if you even slightly misalign the card as you are inserting it into the frame , it can fall into the sealed back of the frame . This is VERY easy to do , and I was fortunate to be able to get my card to fall back out of the slot . But it is a design flaw that had to be apparent to any testers and easily fixed by enclosing the slot so that the card could n't fall through . Westinghouse apparently decided that this was just something we would have to deal with.Finally , it arrived with a bright blue `` dead pixel '' in the center of the screen . This was not noticable on bright , `` busy '' pictures , but it stood out like a sore thumb on dark pictures and particularly on flesh-toned scenes - like , well - you know - people 's faces.As a comparison , I also own the Matsunichi frame which has been flawless . I expected more from a company like Westinghouse . There are better frames out there.ONE OTHER NOTE
 I purchased this model and was pretty excited about the large size -LRB- I was planning to wall mount -RRB- . After setting it up though and testing out some images , I discovered that the viewing angle can best be described as `` atrocious '' . Unless you 're right smack dab in the middle of the thing , the image will be either washed out , too dark , negative image , or poor color rendition . But hey , in that sweet spot it 's a nice picture . Just do n't move an inch to any side.The screen is slightly concave which I thought would hep the side-to-side viewing angle , but no , it 's worse than just about any other one I 've seen in stores . I wish the store I bought this at had a display model or I 'd have known about the poor quality without the hassle of taking it hope , setting it up , complaining to myself , re-packing it , driving back to the store and getting a refund.It also lacks any MP3/audio capability ... not sure what another reviewer meant when they said it has MP3 features ... it does n't . Does n't even have a remote control ! And lets face it , with a frame this big , you 're more likely to wall mount . If you do , the side buttons to control the thing would be nearly inaccessible , making it even more useless.So unless you have a spot in your house where nobody will ever see this thing from the sides and it 's always perfectly at eye level , and you really really really want a large screen , do yourself a favor and get a smaller frame with better image quality . If lack of audio features does n't bother you , no worries , but it is cool to have audio playing during a slideshow ... that was a HUGE hit with another frame I gave as a gift ... literally brought tears to the recipient . : -RRB-
 I would strongly recommend not purchasing any Westinghouse digital picture frames . I purchased the Westinghouse digital picture frame and 10 months later it stopped working completely . They have a 6 month warranty so my $ 300 purchase was a huge waste of money . They have not yet agreed to any free repairs . Maybe it 's me , but when I spend $ 300 on high tech equipment , I expect it to work longer than 6 months -LRB- or 10 months in my case -RRB- . The short period that it worked , I liked it and recommended it to a friend . His has now stopped working just beyond the warranty expiration . Buyer Beware .
 I bought one of these as a gift to put wedding pictures on . It looked GREAT with its high resolution , but we returned it becuase it had one broken pixel -LRB- which would really stand out on some pictures -RRB- . The next one had a bowed screen out of the box and was obviously defective . Returning that one , the third had inaccessible on-board memory . Sorry to say we are giving up on this item . Too bad , as this would be a good item with the right quality control . I have little confidence that one of these would last even if you were lucky enough to get one that wasnt broken out of the box . Fortunately the retailer has accepted our returns with little headache . Glad I didnt mail order it ... would have been a hassle .
 This is the second of these items we had . The first arrived and did not start up at all . It apparently had previously been returned for the same reason . This second one was provided at no cost by Amazon . While it worked ok for a short time , it soon lost most functionality . We could not any longer get into the menu . We also returned this item to Amazon at no charge , and this time elected to get a refund rather than a replacement.While the defective aspects were bad enough , it was also very difficult to us . For example , the functionality through the 5 buttons on the side were not intuitive . The written description of how to use the product was poor.This was especially evident when trying to upload photos from my PC or a flash drive.Westinghouse 14.1-Inch LCD Digital Photo Frame
 I was delighted with the quality of the pictures , even though there is a limited viewing angle . However shortly after receiving the frame it started to malfunction . There seems to be a problem with the frames ability to read memory cards . It will show several pictures and then all of a sudden chop up a picture into four pieces and completely freeze up . Restarting the frame just repeats the process . There is no fix.I was on the phone multiple times with Westinghouse support and they tried blaming my memory card . After going all through their tests , reformatting and jumping through numerous other hoops , including using a completely different memory card , they agreed it was their problem and said they would fix the frame . I paid to ship it back and waited over two months for them to fix it . The frame worked fine for one batch of photos . When I went to change my pictures it started doing the same exact thing , the old chop and freeze . I called customer service and they said , it appears you have a problem but it is now out of warranty and there is nothing we will do for you , end of discussion.Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere for your photo frame .
 The resolution of this unit is magnificent even with the viewing angle problems.Unfortunately the unit I bought conked out after running just a few hours
 Pros -- Easy to use -- entry level cameraCons -- Photo Print quality larger than 4 x 6 is very poor , lots of noise , colors do not seem natural . I would suggest that you spend a little extra money and buy the Nikon P-3 or P-4 .
 I wanted to use these with my MP3 cell phone thinking they would substantially be better than the phone 's built-in speakers . Were they better ? Well , my 1 star rating answers that question . If you want to know just how loud these speakers get , plug in a regular headphone to your MP3 player , crank the volume all the way up , then set it on the table in front of you .
 The sound 's really disappointing , and you need to have your music player on full blast to hear your music at a decent volume , but it really is small and portable , as advertised .
 Just bought it for $ 4.99 , hope I can return it still . The sound is terribly low , can barely hear anything . Useless is the right comment .
 Coby CS-MP16 MP3 Portable Mini Stereo Speaker SystemI bought these speakers for 4 reasons
 Worst crap we ever bought , we are throwing them out . The sound coming from the speakers is almost not audible , our laptops and ipods have better sound . As you can not adjust the speakers ' volume they are pointless !
 Sound Quality Very Bad and Not able to Hear AnythingNot Worth for Money
 Bought this for my daughter 's IPOD it worked for a couple days but now it wo n't stay on the device and just slips right off . Guess its my fault for judging/choosing a product by its cover
 My biggest dissapointment with this product was how difficult it was to hook up to my computer . It uses RCA plugs , and even with my expensive sound card with lots of different connections on the front and back of my pc I had to spend an hour searching for an adapter to make it work . The sound quality and bass are also much worse than I expected , but I suppose you get what you pay for .
 I loved this cord for as long as it worked . It broke in about a month . The little plastic tab for holding it into my computer snapped off , even with the little rubber thing that is supposed to protect it . It did n't get snagged or used roughly either , just every day use while my computer was on my desk . :-LRB- Unhappy with this product and now I have to go buy a new one !
 When my trusty Sony Dream Machine was doused with water , recently , it still functioned well as an alarm clock , but the snooze feature had apparently given up the ghost . I found this clock online and it reviewed fairly well . The features were what i thought I needed and the `` Smartset '' feature was very appealing as i would never have to reset the clock again.Unfortunately , right out of the box the time zone setting was incorrect for the stated default Eastern time zone and I had to set it up manually . No big deal i thought and the clock worked very well ... Until this morning when it would refuse to display the time , sound the alarm or even play the radio . All of this after only owning it for 2 weeks . I thought the warranty would be helpful , but at a shipping cost of $ 9.00 , it apparently is another way for Emerson to make money.i have since taken that $ 9.00 cost and applied it to the purchase of an updated Sony Dream Machine !
 I opened my product and inside was a nice note from the manufacturer . Due to changes in daylight savings time , beginning in 2007 , you will need to change this product 's time setting 4 times a year in order to be accurate.Keep in mind that for any clock not as `` smart '' as this one , you 'd only need to change it 2 times a year . That 's right , this clock is actually LESS useful , and MORE problematic than another clock without the `` smartset '' feature.I would n't have a problem with this if I had bought the product before congress changed daylight savings time , but they thought it was enough to include a note rather than actually FIX THEIR PRODUCT!I intend to return this thing tomorrow .
 seemed to be fine - in fact we liked it so much we bought another similar model as a gift . . but now almost 2 years later - it has begun failing bit by bit ... first we could n't change the alarm time - button would n't work - then it went off by itself on a saturday -LRB- weekends were off -RRB- ... now a few months after that - 4-5 buttons have no effect . . nada - dont work ... its a piece of junk ... i have never had an alarm die so fast -- i still have alarm clocks from HIGH SCHOOL -LRB- so 20 plus years old . -RRB- that work fine . it is n't rocket science . i checked emerson radios website for warranty repair -LRB- to see if i could contact customer service -RRB- - there is no email for customer service , only a phone # - and a note stating to return to an address after getting return auth from customer service - and to include NINE dollars for repair -LRB- nice warranty -RRB- -- the clock itself was around 20.00 - so charging 1/2 of that to get it repaired -LRB- in warranty -- cause it does n't differentiate between in and out of warranty customers -RRB- is pretty ridiculous . . especially since us postal flat rate for this item would be around 5.00 ...
 I have owned my little gem for a few months now and all of a sudden , the little red light is lit telling me that my battery is low . I took it to a dozen stores and have not been able to find a replacement 3 volt button cell for this unit . The radio reception is fair for FM and just forget about trying it on AM . I sent an email to Emerson to see what they have to say . Put your money in a Sony .
 I too liked the automatic clock setting feature . I like of all my timepieces having the `` correct '' time especially if there in areas of my home where changing the time is troublesome . Additionally , if you in in a building where the power was a little sketchy -LRB- power constantly flickering or going out -RRB- , this clock and its price seemed too good as it would automatically set itself when the power was restored.Now for drawbacks ... The LED is very bright ! I have trouble sleeping with clock near my bed . -LRB- Hint
 I love the concept and the price of this clock and bought two of them based on the reviews I read here , but I ca n't sleep with this clock in my room ! It is SOOOO bright - even with the dimmer on low . I could actually read a book by it ! I 'm looking elsewhere for a clock that actually lets me get some sleep . Sorry this one was n't it .
 Do n't let the `` SmartSet '' fool you . This is not an atomic clock nor does it set itself via radio waves to a precise time.This is simply an alarm clock with a backup lithim CR2430 battery . When the AC power goes out the regular battery keeps running , but the display is shutoff.When power comes back on all the clock is really doing is using the same time that the backup battery kept . So the fancy display you see when plugging it in is just the stored memory time coming back.They set the correct time at the factory before shipping . So brand new the clock is set.When my 3V battery died I had to go to 2 different stores -LRB- Walmart first , then finally Radioshack -RRB- to get a $ 5 replacement battery . I 've had the clock for only 6 months.Upon installing the new battery and plugging the clock in it did NOT set itself automatically . Instead it simply went to Jan 1 , 2005 . I had to manually set the date and time.I believe their other `` SmartSet '' clocks are the same . If the battery ever dies and you lose AC power the clock loses its time setting and you have to MANUALLY set it .
 Do not buy from this company ! They charged me and never sent the item . Horrible company , buy from somewhere else !
 If your wireless router does not support WDS and evidentially most do n't , this will not work with your router
 I loved this cord for as long as it worked . It broke in about a month . The little plastic tab for holding it into my computer snapped off , even with the little rubber thing that is supposed to protect it . It did n't get snagged or used roughly either , just every day use while my computer was on my desk . :-LRB- Unhappy with this product and now I have to go buy a new one !
 Fan was non-functioning out of the box . USB hub worked correctly . Stand is stable and flexible due to extensible rear legs . Tripp Lite limited warranty is essentially worthless as it requires you call for a return authorization , then you must ship the product back to them at your expense .
 I ordered this cartridge and it showed to be new . I expected about 15,000 copies on this cartridge and did n't even get 500 copies ! Now 30 days later I am having to replace it with another cartridge . I am giving them one star for getting the right order but the cartridge was not good and did not last anytime .
 Dont buy this , it is a poor piece that you will broke trying to install on your battery !
 this is a nice heavy made product but it would be nice if they would make it the size it needs to be.it was to big for the positive post on my battery it would not tighten down.the bushing that they send to make it fit the negitive post makes the positive post to big !!! and i find this out after i cut the end off of my factory leeds.luckly i own a lathe and had some brass so i ended up making an insert to make a brand new product work.maybe i will call and see if they would like some inserts.they will even work like they should .
 These sleeves work , but the foam is kind of icky . It picks up crud quickly . I 've only had them a short time , I 'm on my second pair and I 'm about to switch them out for a third . They work fine for blocking outside sound , but I wish I had gotten the rubber sleeves . The ones my earphones came with lasted forever , until I lost them . Mind you , these are not bad enough that I have bothered to actually hunt down and purchase a set of rubber sleeves , but I 'm a bit of a slacker , and writing reviews is more fun than pouring through tiny pictures of earbud caps .
 This unit features a chintzy detachable faceplate with way too much give - press it near the volume button and you can raise or lower volume ; press it near the tuner controls and you can change stations . Not good . Four months after installation I was getting sound crackling and drop-offs . Then it mysteriously stopped emitting any sound at all . I sent it in to Sony and they claimed the unit had `` water damage . '' Another mystery ... no water had every touched this unit , no spills , nothing . Sony would n't replace the unit as `` water damage '' is n't covered on their warranty.When the unit worked , it did work fine . Decent display , features , etc. . But it 's durability -LRB- I ca n't give it more than 1 star
 Rubber pulls on the zippers broke . It does n't feel right or sit comfortably as a side bag because of its huge size . It might be due to the fact it was first designed to be a backpack but refitted as a side bag , would have been nice to have both options . Good for storage of big electronic items , but not for using for everyday living because it lacks any small compartments . I bought it looking for a solution for a bag that can be used for many things -LRB- i 'm a mobile DJ -RRB- , but its not easy to remove each piece and looks funny without certain parts .
 Bought the cord for my boyfriends PS3 and it did not fit . Good timing on shipping , returning it will cost more than what it was purchased for so I 'm stuck with it . Hope this helps !
 I bought the computer at circuit city and it was a nightmare . it freezes up constantly . not very good for games , microsoft office , typing papers , or watching dvd 's and on a fast network in college it freezess constantly . I wouldnt recomend it to anyone except and older person who uses the computer for really simple tasks not for college or home users . It will bring headaches and you will only have to buy another computer anyway . i have to buy another computer now . if u are a colege student stay away from it .
 I have been using these CD 's for a long time for making backup 's and music CD 's . They look great and work great for music , but I kept having problems with the data CD 's working on my DVD-CD drive on my laptop . I thought it was just my older DVD-CD drive . But then after going to two places to work -LRB- I 'm a software developer -RRB- and the data CD 's not working on their drives either , I thought it was the way I was burning the CD 's . I did some testing and still did not work . Someone at work suggested for me to try a CD that was not black like these Memorex CD 's were . I did and that CD worked fine!Conclusion
 I 'm a Scotsman at heart so when I saw these binox at such a low price I had to have 'em . Turns out , they 're not only inexpensive , but they 're really cheap . The rubber `` armor '' is thin and ill-fitting . The underlying binoculars are fragile and poorly assembled . The optics are atrocious . The exact center of one 's field of view can be brought into focus only with difficulty . The rest of the view is badly distorted .
 I wrote a review just a couple of weeks ago on this same laptop . I wish I had waited some more time before singing its praise ... There are a few very annoying issues and the customer support is trained to give you just standard answers . Nobody really cares what your real problem is and how to solve it . Here is the latest email I have sent them . If anyone knows of a good way to file a case against compaq , let me know please ... 1 . The recovery disk that came with my laptop WIPES OUT EVERYTHING IN ALL PARTITIONS ON MY HDD , INCLUDING PRIMARY PARTITIONS . It also resizes and merges all partitions . This is not just unecessary but also plainly unfair . XP does not have a requirement that there be NO other partitions on the HDD .2 . The recovery disk uses ALL the space , it does not leave ANY unallocated space on the HDD . So , i can not create partitions using Diskpart either . I now have to insvest in some thirdparty tools to just create some partitions on my HDD .3 . So , everytime I use the recovery disk to re-install the XP system , I am going to lose ALL data , even any other OS i have on the HDD . WHY ? 4 . The compaq presario 2710 was advertised as being a `` Desktop replacement '' . is this how a Desktop Replacement is supposed to work ? I am a software developer and my HDD always has atleast two OSs to do cross platform testing/development .5 . Also , You can not simply install another copy of OS on your machine . All the hardware needs very specific drivers that come ONLY with their recovery disk.I have never felt so frustrated with any other laptop I ever owned . Hoping to get some useful solution from you this time . Do I have to take this case with someone else ?
 This product has been a nightmare for me.I purchased it new from Amazon and I was very happy with it at first . The screen was very bright for laptops of that era.It came with the usual battery and you were able to put a second battery in the futurebay . So I was able to run 6 hours without plugging in , something unheard of for laptops of that time period . After awhile , I started to notice the fan sounding very loud . It seems to have two speeds , normal and the turbo mode which is the laptop equivalent of a jet engine . It was so loud , that when I used it in the Mountain View library , I cleared out a wide berth around me . After a year when it was out of warranty I had the very typical problem reported of it overheating and shutting down after a few minutes and the computer was completely useless . Since I had a dual boot machine and it shutdown in Linux too I was able to ascertain that it was a hardware problem.Since it was out of warranty , I decided to take it to a local small repair shop called CompuRun as I like to support the little guy . This turned out to be a near fatal mistake . After paying him a couple of hundred dollars , he correctly determined that this was caused by the heatsink detaching from the processor . However , instead of getting the right repair kit sold by Compaq for this he jury-rigged by gluing the heatsink on , a solution that only lasted a few weeks . After I knew what the problem was I was able to determine from HP user forums the problem was very common and that HP actually had a retrofit kit for this problem . I then tried to contact HP support and tried to have them fix this problem for free since this in my opinion was a design defect.Staying on the line to HP support which is all in India is enough to drive anybody crazy . They put you on hold for a hour and then you get some guy in India who ca n't escalate a complaint to anybody . Just forget about calling the HP service line completely.I then wrote a letter to the president of HP at the time , Carly Fiorina and I ordered the repair kit.I got the repair kit which cost me something like $ 70 . The repair kit basically consists of a square of rubber very similar to what you would patch a flat bike tire with and four very long screws and four nuts to make sure it does n't come off the processor like the original squareI then received a telephone call from a secretive group within the Silicon Valley HP that really handles customer problems . I told them the problem and without much hesitation they offered to pay the cost of this repair guy to put the square of rubber / heatsink on the processor . The story should have had a happy ending after the repair guy put the heat sink after charging me another of couple of hundred dollars , but that was just the beginning of a new nightmare . The CompuRun guy did not put the laptop back together solidly . After about a month , I had to bend the case to get it to power up . I brought it back to him again and after I argued with him extensively , he agreed to put it back together correctly . I think his idea of a warranty is a tail-light warranty.However , when I got it back from him after he tightened everything up , he claimed the backlite had just coincidently gone out by itself , he could not repair it . Now the laptop was completely useless once again . I then sent the laptop to authorized Compaq repair for about $ 40 service fee and they told me it would cost $ 700 to repair it . I decided that the whole computer was not worth that much . After about a year , I located Moniserve in Hayward which specializes in fixing LCD/Monitors . They told me that the inverter board was fried -LRB- by my `` friend '' from CompuRun -RRB- . They were able to locate an after market board and repair it for $ 110 . I still have a problem where all sounds on the machine sound like they are stuttering at the end of the sentences , but I can live with that!So the bottom of line is if you have this repair problem contact HP in writing/calling directly to the president , use an authorized repair shop and stay away from CompuRun in Mountain View
 I 've had a lot of laptops in my career , and this one is by far the worst . I 've been waiting for windows vista to come out before I buy a new laptop , so I 've had the chance to get very well aquainted with this machine . I 've figured out how to manage the computer so that it does n't overheat and die on me -- basically , I can not run anything that takes up a lot of memory . No games , multimedia programs , interactive websites ... This computer get hot fast and shuts down without warning . I thought it was only my machine at first , but I 've found out that the problem is common and that compaq offers a heat sink repair kit that does n't really work either ... I recommend against buying one of these machines unless you have no other alternative or you get it for less than 100 bucks .
 well this was n't a bad choice but I should have gone with the ibook
 I purchased this product because it offered more processing power & memory than others in similar price range.First one I received had to be returned because of defective LCD.Second one I received had different brand DVD-ROM which caused some problems -LRB- not recognizing CD 's after I put them in -RRB- at first but now it seems to be working.The real problem with this machine is that it is made to work only with the software package that Compaq provides -LRB- WinXp Home Edition package -RRB- . My work requires that I use Windows 2000 as well as XP Pro , so I installed them both . This computer does NOT work well with Windows 2000 . The system simply freezes , or hangs with little or no warning , and the only way to get out of it is to turn the power off and on again . I tried the same kind of work on my old Dell Inspiron - it does crash sometimes but can be recovered by pressing CTL-ALT-DEL -LRB- never freezes like Compaq does -RRB- , thus you rarely loose your unsaved work . Maybe it has to do with the Duron processor because the machine tends to get very hot sometimes -LRB- a lot hotter than my other Pentium-based laptops -RRB- . Compaq lists only a couple of drivers & updates on their website -LRB- mouse and modem drivers -RRB- . Beware
 I purchased this product because it offered more processing power & memory than others in similar price range.First one I received had to be returned because of defective LCD.Second one I received had different brand DVD-ROM which caused some problems -LRB- not recognizing CD 's after I put them in -RRB- at first but now it seems to be working.The real problem with this machine is that it is made to work only with the software package that Compaq provides -LRB- WinXp Home Edition package -RRB- . My work requires that I use Windows 2000 as well as XP Pro , so I installed them both . This computer does NOT work well with Windows 2000 . The system simply freezes , or hangs with little or no warning , and the only way to get out of it is to turn the power off and on again . I tried the same kind of work on my old Dell Inspiron - it does crash sometimes but can be recovered by pressing CTL-ALT-DEL -LRB- never freezes like Compaq does -RRB- , thus you rarely loose your unsaved work . Maybe it has to do with the Duron processor because the machine tends to get very hot sometimes -LRB- a lot hotter than my other Pentium-based laptops -RRB- . Compaq lists only a couple of drivers & updates on their website -LRB- mouse and modem drivers -RRB- . Beware
 This laptop is a piece of junk . Very little in the way of memory expansion and the hinges are pitiful -- I have to prop the screen up against something so it does n't flop over .
 I bought this computer -LRB- 710ca which 710us 's canada version -RRB- a few days ago in canada . the strange thing is before i buy this laptop , i check from website
 I loved this cord for as long as it worked . It broke in about a month . The little plastic tab for holding it into my computer snapped off , even with the little rubber thing that is supposed to protect it . It did n't get snagged or used roughly either , just every day use while my computer was on my desk . :-LRB- Unhappy with this product and now I have to go buy a new one !
 I had purchased two of these cables for a very specific need at my office to connect to machines running Windows 2000 so that they can be removed from the corporate network but still allow us to retreive files quickly off of them , and this product , despite it 's claims of including all drivers and support for Windows 2000 , did not . It included ONLY the drivers and software needed for Windows XP and Vista , and they would not install on Windows 2000 . I attempted to contact their live online support only to be refered to a non-local , or 1-800 tech support number , of which after nearly an hour of being put on hold for 20 minutes then being asked a simple question and placed back on hold again did they finally attempt to send me new drivers -- of course they attempted to email . exe files to my corporate email which obviously blocks those . Finally , after another hour of back-and-forth emails trying to convince him to just zip them with a password , change the extension , or guide me to them on their website -LRB- I 'm guessing they were n't up there , as I could n't find them myself anyway -RRB- , he simply stopped responding and apparently gave up . So , after all of that , I still do not have the drivers , and I 'm now struck trying to return this product in hopes that another actually works as advertised.DO NOT support this company , even if this cable will suit your needs -LRB- ie , you 're using XP or Vista on both machines -RRB- . There are plenty of other manufacturers of these types of cables that do deserve your money .
 Impressed by the specs and price I bought this unit . After hooking it all up it would n't let me do the registration and setup . Called Compaq , very helpful tech said software was n't properly installed at factory . Said it 'd take 3-4 days to get the recovery discs they 'd send me ! Called store where I bought it , sposed to get another unit from them today . Hope this is n't a indication of things to come !
 the dvd player is great but if your looking to use the subwoofer for anything buy something else the sub is under the bottom which makes the sound muffled and the speakers are not that loud for a kids room maybe but not anything else
 I bought this system for my Daughter 's room to hook up to a small video projector . The DVD player would n't play about half of my Daughter 's DVDs . These same DVDs would play just fine on any of our other home DVD players . The message we would receive was `` LOADING '' , but the DVD just would n't play.When the system would load the DVD correctly the speakers sounded great , but the DVD player would skip . I tried a DVD cleaner , but the problem just got worse.One month later the DVD player would n't work at all . The speakers are still working fine.We have another Coby portable DVD player with a built in 7in screen . This DVD player works great and we have never had any problems with it and are using it in place of the DVD player you are considering buying.I would pass on this model , but do n't reject all of Coby 's products .
 The Remote did not work ever . The Dvd player is horrible its cheap and is a sucky one . The Subwoofer is just a box it is not a great subwoofer and the speakers are Fine they work the best our of everything . Spend you money on a better system its not worth more than 10 bucks .
 Less than 1 month after setting this up the speakers stopped working . It was attached to my tv and the sound was n't bad . It improved the bass noticeably . Then one day I turned on the tv and NO speakers . Not worth anything now .
 I loved this cord for as long as it worked . It broke in about a month . The little plastic tab for holding it into my computer snapped off , even with the little rubber thing that is supposed to protect it . It did n't get snagged or used roughly either , just every day use while my computer was on my desk . :-LRB- Unhappy with this product and now I have to go buy a new one !
 I loved this cord for as long as it worked . It broke in about a month . The little plastic tab for holding it into my computer snapped off , even with the little rubber thing that is supposed to protect it . It did n't get snagged or used roughly either , just every day use while my computer was on my desk . :-LRB- Unhappy with this product and now I have to go buy a new one !
 The clip to remove a cable end from a port does not work . It takes mighty force almost damaging the port device . Just low quality.Pathetic produce . I am really getting fed up with amazon due to low quality offerings lately . CHEAP is not the sole criteria for offering these products from CHINA .
 Poor range for transmitter , it says it has a range of 600 ' , I could not get it to reliably function at less than half that range . Product was installed on flat ground and `` line of sight '' to receiver . Even at close range probe would not reliably detect a vehicle . Strongly recommend you pass on this device . The only reason I rated it at one star is because there was not a lower rating . I have worked in the electrical/electronic industry for over 30 years and feel qualified to describe this device as an inferior product that will not function as described.Thank goodness for Amazon 's return policy .
 This system was originally designed to transmit over a 3000 foot range , but the manufacturer has revised the spec to 600 feet . Unfortunately , I found even that to be too optimistic , and could not get reliable readings even at 200 feet inside the house . I returned the system for refund.The manufacturer , Dakota Alerts , manufactures a much better system called the MAPS/MURS . They claim it has a range of 2 miles , sometimes achieving 4 miles , depending on terrain . It works beautifully for me at about 600 feet through forest , and is easily picked up every time in the basement . The aesthetics are much more professional , and the price is only a little more . The portable unit allows you to communicate with a person at the base station.ONE MAPS AND ONE M538-BSo Dakota Alert o - MURS 2-Way Handheld Radio
 Had it only a few weeks when I had to send in the transmitter for repair . It still worked only intermittently . Moved the probe to several different locations , it did n't help . The distance was only about 400 feet . I move it to about 200 feet with the transmitter in direct line to house . Still works intermittently . Probe is in driveway . This would n't even pick up UPS truck . If you want something reliable , this is not it .
 Worthless junk . Out of the box it was clearly cheaply constructed . I started at one end of my driveway and kept moving towards the house until it managed to chime . By then I was within 150ft and it needed a completely clear line of sight . Later that night it rained and the thing went haywire . It never recovered . Do n't waste your money .
 Not a reliable notification . I have it right in the center of my driveway . It is in a slot protecting it from damage but there is nothing to shield it from the vehicle overhead . It will recognize large trucks like 3/4 ton but will not pickup the small pickups many people drive . Sometimes it pickups my car and sometimes it does not .
 I had the transmitter set at 300 feet from the receiver and could not get WPA 3000 to work . The area that the transmitter was located was clear trees and no hills . I had to move the transmitter 150 feet before it would work properly . After that it worked fine . The speaker on the receiver is distorted and crackles . I suggest that if you plan to go further than 150 feet . Get the model that is 2500 feet maybe you can get 300 feet .
 I bought one of these for my parents . I purchased it from Amazon merchant ANTOnline . It does not work . ANTOnline has my money and shipped me a complete piece of junk.I took what money I had left after I foolishly blew around $ 250 on this piece of junk that does n't work and adopted a dog to alert my parents when a car is coming up the driveway . He was a lot cheaper and works a lot better than the wireless probe kit.I guess we all live and learn .
 Got no more than 115 feet line-of-sight with no obstruction . Called manufacturer ; they wanted to fix . It was new out of the box ; returned it to Amazon for refund .
 Works poorly , does not work consistently beyond 400 feet and stops working at one whim or another . I have used this product with three transmitters and none worked as advertised , 3000 feet is a dream . Make sure of the companies return policy before ordering this product .
 What a rip off!I bought this piece of junk because the amazon ad said 3000 ' range . When I got it , the manual says 600 ' and that does n't even work . I have it about 300 feet , and that does n't work.It 's a completely useless piece of you-know-what . Save your money ! Buy anything else , or just set your money on fire , since that will save you a lot of time .
 This product is very unreliable and the support of Absolute Automation AKA Quick Alarms -- the Ontario , Canada dealer -- has been very poor . I will never buy another Dakota Alert product , nor will I recommend their products or dealers to anyone . Stay away from this product ; it 's junk .
 I really wanted this to work for me . I was so disappointed , even with clear line of sight it was 75 ' MAX , never mind the 500 ' through the woods I was hoping for . At any rate , Amazon refunded me 100 % , this is why I shop here on Amazon with confidence that if I am not happy with a product Amazon will pay the shipping back to them and give me a 100 % product refund . I shop more & more here every year . I have been looking into the wired ones to fit the bill .
 This driveway alarm worked GREAT - for the first year . Thirteen months after purchase -LRB- 1 month after the warranty expired -RRB- the alarm started to malfunction , going through a battery every week . Customer service was of no help . Its been turned off for the last year , but we miss having the alarm , so we are currently shopping for a replacement . For the price , for one year 's service , it will NOT be this unit .
 It is not reliable . Works 90 % of the time which sounds good but 1 out of 10 times we have looked out in the parking lot and there are customers and the unit did not work . VERY BAD . We have replaced the cr123 's which are not cheap and it did not help.If it is just a casual concern if you `` want '' to know if a vehicle has come in , then the unit is for you . If you MUST know everytime , do n't buy it.A reasonable price for this unit should be in the $ 20 - $ 40 .
 Thank God for Amazon 's return policy . My Dakota was defective out of the box.Even after following all the instructions I could not get it to work properly . Only when I had the transmitter and receiver 150 feet apart could I get a reliable signal . Something in either the transmitter or receiver is not working properly . I tested the batteries . My brother and I with walkie-talkies tried every conceivable combinations of sensitivity , distance and placement . Still no signal or erratic . Could n't wait to pack it up and get rid of it .
 I purchased this unit to replace our old WPT 3000 which we bought in 2009 . The new model , even though it has the same model number , only broadcasts a few hundred feet -LRB- in our case , not nearly 600 as advertised -RRB- which does n't work for us . Called Dakota Alert and there is nothing they can do -- apparently the FCC changed the law about signal strength . Based on how the new unit works for us -- we are about 300 feet from the transmitter -- I would not recommend it .
 I bought the WPA-3000 and it just did n't work for me . Intermittent and nowhere near the advertised wireless range . However , I called the company I had bought the product from -LRB- Absolute Automation - -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- and they took the WPA-3000 back letting me purchased the DCPA-2500 from them . Still made by Dakota , but the thing has worked flawlessly for me since I 've had it . If you 're considering the Dakota Alert 3000 products take a look at the 2500 's instead . You will be much happier ! Also , ca n't say enough good things about Absolute Automation . They really helped me out , I thought I was stuck with a no good alarm .
 the FLOPPY DISK ADAPTER does not work using windows xp . It is designed for windows 98 . On any purchase anyone makes on Amozom be carefull you do not get obsolete items . Amozon does not follow up on items purchased thru them , you , ust deal through the dist . or Mfg. .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 Unfortunately , the bw & color printer cartridges - refurbished and priced right - only lasted one day , even though they did print the first day just fine . Vendor offered full refund and sent postage-free return envelope - prompt and excellent customer service ! Maybe this was a fluke , but I was disappointed .
 Very flimsy , and it arrived broken . I do not recommend this product at all . Packaging was extremely poor , it came unprotected in a plain envelope .
 When I put my 1993 Oldsmobile into the drop down menu to check for which wiring harness connector I would need this is the one that comes up . You would think that would be correct since the description says for 1988 and up GM . However this connector will not work at all.The correct connector is the Metra 70-1677-1 ; 12 pin and that is what I ordered the second time . If Scosche ca n't get their descriptions right I 'll switch to Metra.I would n't trust the Amazon menu of what works and does n't work as it says the above mentioned Metra will not work . Just do n't place your order until you have examined all the wiring to know what you actually are going to need .
 This connector does n't work for all GM vehicles 1988-Up . I bought this for my boyfriend 's new stereo at Christmas , and it is n't compatible with his '03 Chevy Silverado HD . Since it only cost about $ 5 , it was n't the end of the world , but still an inconvenience since he still has n't hooked up his new stereo !
 Supposed to fit 1988 and up GM vehicles and according to specs would definately fit my 1991 Astro Van ... . NOT EVEN CLOSE ! Waste of my money even it it was not a lot
 I purchased this lens in 2009 . Normally , I would not write a review - I 'm always short of time to consider doing such a thing . For this special case however , I will take the time . I received the lens rapidly after ordering and I was excited to get it . As I began taking all range of photos with it , I noted that the lens would not focus correctly . At one point , I focused on a distant sign - one that was perhaps 500 feet away ; I took many photos of it with auto focus on and off and found that I did a far better job of focusing the lens manually than auto focus would do . Well , a bit of research later and I was recognizing that the lens needed tuning to the camera - this made sense to me ; after all , how could a lens fit every style of Canon camera -LRB- I have a T1i -RRB- . I worked with Sigma about six months ago to return the lens for tuning . $ 15 in shipping later and I received my lens back with no change . I had written a specific note to Sigma detailing the problem . I am very unhappy with the service I received - you may be as well .
 I was so eager to get a multi range lens -LRB- sort of a everyday carry around -RRB- that would keep me from constantly changing lens between shots , but I quickly found out that this lens was not for me . The shots were very soft focused and often presented some vignetting and dark spots . Also the lens seemed to have a hard time finding it 's focus . I just was not happy and did not want to be stuck with this lens . I simply did not think it was a good investment , so after three weeks , I decided to contact the seller for a refund . The seller was not at all happy about refunding my money . He sent me a `` not so pleasant '' email which I thought was totally unnecessary . I had to get Amazon involved to get my money back and of course I paid the cost of the return shipping . I will make sure I stay away from this particular seller and lens in the future .
 Always make sure the Lens will fit your camera . This one did not and the buyer did not note this when advertising its use for Canon digital Cameras .
 I already had the Sigma DC 18-200 non-OS lens and was very pleasantly surprised with the overall balance of versatility vs. image quality.A review in Popular Photography stated that the OS version was optically superior and the OS very effective . So I bought one.It just did n't deliver.At first , I thought it was the low cost UV filter I put in front of it . I bought a B+W filter and while that made a significant improvement , it still did n't seem as sharp overall as the non-OS version.I 've now shot some tests at various focal lengths and apertures on a tripod and the newer lens is decidedly softer than the non-OS version , particularly so on the right side of the frame -LRB- in landscape format -RRB- . I was able to sharpen the pictures I took with this lens enough to salvage them for friends and family , but deep down , I knew this was a troubled lens.What I do n't know and ca n't say definitively is whether the lens design is faulty or just that this particular example was n't so hot . I lean towards the latter , since the softness was so asymmetrical.Otherwise , the lens is spectacular . The build quality feels very solid . The zoom control is very smooth . The stabilization is very effective . I do n't understand the comments about it being noisy . Compared to the shutter of a Canon 40D , the lens is not an issue.I really wanted to like this lens . But it has n't even matched the image quality of its predecessor .
 I purchased this as a lower cost alternative to the Sigma 18-250 for use on my Canon Xsi . Construction quality and optics seemed to be fine . The optical stabilization was something else completely . At anywhere past 1/2 zoom to full zoom , the OS caused the image in the viewfinder to jump very noticeably . I was using the lens for a lot of sports photography , so the zoom was very important . The jitters of the image at mid to high zoom were so bad I could not use the lens . Maybe I just got a defective lens asI had not seen any reviews noting this kind of issue previously . I have returned it and am rethinking whether to try the 18-250 as I had originally planned .
 With the OS off , got nice sharp , no motion blur shots ; with OS on , I got soft focus and always got motion blur . Almost made me think the switch was wired backwards on the copy of the lens I recieved . I returned it to amazon for a refund .
 The adaptor works fine ; no problem . But what Panasonic does n't tell you is that the camera * does not * recharge its battery when it 's on AC power . So the adaptor is only useful if you 're working near an AC source for many hours at a time . Perhaps useful for a few users , to be sure , but useless for many of us . Save your money .
 I bought this item after the charger was lost . I thought that this AC adapter would charge the battery so that I could use it . But it only gave the camera power only when the wire was plugged in.IT DOES NOT CHARGE THE BATTERY .
 The picture on the TV is pretty decent for a unit of this price . The DVD player on mine stopped working after 6 months . After searching other reviews on the internet , this appears be a common problem . The warranty on these units is only 90 days . The cost to repair exceeds the cost of buying a basic DVD player , so I forwent having it done . Thankfully , the unit can also be used as PC monitor , so now I plug my laptop into it to watch movies .
 Trutech is -LRB- or rather , was -RRB- Target 's house brand , sourced from multiple suppliers . As a result , the remote codes are all over the spectrum and there are not any published lists of which remote codes work for which units . As a result , using a universal remote is hit and miss unless you have a universal remote that can learn codes from the original remote -LRB- assuming you still have the original remote and that it is still functioning -RRB- . My experience with this unit has been that it sort of works . When watching broadcast TV with a signal that is slightly weak -LRB- some occasional pixelating -RRB- the audio will occasionally switch to full volume on its own accord . In addition , the DVD player has issues with discs that are dual layer and will freeze up in the middle of playback , forcing you to power cycle the unit to get it unstuck and the DVD out of the tray , and forcing you to either watch the DVD through another player or burn a copy and play the burned copy in the unit.For things like watching items through your Roku box , it works fine . For the primary purposes -LRB- TV and DVD -RRB- it barely works .
 I purchased this as an extra for the craft room and it has not been used nearly as much as the other tvs in the house , in fact , it has actually been used a lot less . The picture has always been grainy , the color was not easy to adjust either , but now the color is going completely on it . I will try to get it fixed , it was not cheap -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- with a lousy warranty , but I would probably be better off replacing it with something else . I am really tired of purchasing `` disposable '' stuff !
 From what I have read in my extensive research -LRB- internet -RRB- there is NO code that will work with this TV to make it compatible with Direct TV or any other universal remote . It works okay as a DVD player and it does have a VGA port so it 's my emergency backup computer monitor but , as a TV , it was a complete waste of money .
 Native resolution of this display does not reach HD so that means that any source you think is 720p actually is downscaled to 480p . If EDTV is what you want then this might be a good buy but do n't buy it thinking you 're getting HDTV .
 general impressions - good :1 . picture quality for dvds and games -LRB- 480i -RRB- were pretty good2 . complete - stand , cables , tuner included . get everything for $ 2000bad :1 . makes a humming noise in bright scenes - annoying2 . no HDMI/DVI input3 . 2 components in - no 480p support - one is only 480i , the other 720p/1080i4 . terrible manual5 . remote very flimsy/cheap -LRB- but , i was n't expecting it to be great -RRB- - no oneforall remote code for SVA.i actually bought this thru Target.com 's amazon link and they took it back b/c after 1 day of use , it died.while it worked , the picture was acceptable . but , whenever a scene was bright , it made a buzzing noise -LRB- i assume from driving the white pixels -RRB- . it started to get quite annoying b/c it would oscillate from quiet to buzz.it also got very hot . the top back of the tv was almost too hot to touch and it warmed up the room nicely.but , i got this tv to use with my xbox and was very disappointed it did n't support 480p at all -LRB- despite what the specs and description says -RRB- . the couple of 720p games i tried looked great but i could n't see the dashboard thru that component in.despite it 's limitations , i was going to keep it ... until it DIED . the tech support thinks a transistor failed.overall , the quality level is not up to par w / the other makes . i highly recommend spending $ 500 more for the panasonics or buying it locally so returns/exchanges are simpler .
 HAD NOTHING BUT TROUBLE SINCE I BOUGHT IT.PICTURE IS NOT GOOD . MY IO YEAR OLD SONY TV HAS A BETTER PICTURE.MAKES A CLICKING NOISE EVERYTIME YOU CHANGE THE CHANNEL . RETURN IT FOR A NEW ONE , GOT THE SAME NOISE , GIVES YOU VERY LITTLE INFO ON SETTING IT UP . AND IF YOU WANT TO PUT IT ON YOUR WALL , YOU MUST BUY TWO BRACKETS THAT COST 150.00 EACH.ALSO THE REMOTE HAS ITS ON MIND . YOU HIT THE PICTURE BUTTON YOU 'LL GET THE SLEEP TIMER .
 When I bought this TV from BJ 's , I paid $ 2,400 -LRB- after $ 100 refund as the TV 's price dropped a week after I got it -RRB- in January of 2004 . It has n't given me any trouble except that the remote control never really worked well with it . It always took alot to get the signal into the sensor . Anyway , a few days ago it began making a double clicking noise when I turned it on . Yesterday it just clicked and was dead . After 3 dozen times or so , it finally came on but today when I went to turn it on , the set was completely dead . So , when it worked , it 's great , but for that amount of money , I feel it should be lasting alot more then 2.5 years . I have been in the Technical end of the electronics business for 20 years and this leaves a bad taste in my mouth .
 SVA is a large TV manufacturer based in China , while the `` heart '' of this plasma screen , the plasma panel itself , is made by Samsung of South Korea . This means two things
 I bought this TV a few months ago , and the picture quality is aweful .
 You can get a better one at this price .
 ALL I CAN SAY IS DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS PRODUCT . IT DOES NOT SIT STILL AND YOU BETTER OFF JUST LETTING THE IPOD SIT SOMEWHERE IN THE CAR BECAUSE THIS PRODUCT SUCKS ON TOP OF SCRATCHING THE IPOD .
 I was so excited to get this for my iPod . I love listening to my music in my car , but was really disappointed when it would n't fit into my 2003 GMC Envoy . There are two cup holders in the front , and granted they are in weird spots , but the TuneDok would n't fit . If I put it in the front cupholder , it would interfere with the gear thing , and if I put it in the back cupholder I had no where to put my cups , plus it interfered with the box .
 I think this is a great product ... as long as you 're using anything other than an iPod Classic in a hard case . I have a 120gb classic with a plastic case -LRB- made by Belkin , ironically -RRB- . The case barely adds any width to the iPod at all , but it 's just enough where it does n't fit , and it feels like the sides are going to snap off . Renders the suction cup virtually useless as well . All they had to do was add a feature where the width could be adjusted ... or at least make rubber sides instead of hard plastic . If you do n't have a Classic , or do n't mind taking your Classic out of your case every time you want to listen to music in the car , this is a good product .
 Alerts thieves that there could be an i-pod in the car . It will of course not fit if you protect your i-pod with a skin or protector . Since it sits low in my cup tray in my vehicle I can not see the display to toggle with the menu . I have to remove it from the holder to change songs , playlist etc. .
 `` Innovative AirGrip technology holds your iPod to your car dash/cup holder '' Oops , AirGrip holds the iPod , it does _ not _ attach to car dash . I 'm sure that it would be jim-dandy if I had a center cup holder ...
 I bought this to us with my wife 's Zen in our Volvo sedan . We could not make it work . I tried to give to one of my kids , who all have Ipods . None wanted it . I should have sent it back , but the various parts got distributed around and individually tossed .
 Specification on iPod and iPhone are very similar in terms of the dimension.I purchased this thinking that it will fit iPhone 3G , while it does fit with the naked iPhone , if you have any type of case on it , it will NOT fit.I exacerbated the crack on my iPhone case using this dock . It puts stress on the iPhone case , I do n't recommend it for iPhone .
 I purchased this for my Toyota truck and my 20 gig iPod . SURPRISE ! The dock does n't fit if you have your iPod in a case -- iSkin , or other one . Hmmmm . Have to remove it from its protective case to use this ? Put the base in the cupholder . SURPRISE ! It is n't deep enough to bottom out and hold the iPod steady , once I remove it from the case . So , I have a wobbly holder that holds my iPod in place -- sort of -- once I take 5 minutes to remove the case.Thank you , not . Save your money and buy some songs from iTunes .
 Takes up a cup holder sometimes phone falls out ca n't use some plugs due to frame blocking port ca n't angle phone the way you want would n't buy again
 this item could be easy to use , and really , it 's not rocket science . However , so many pieces are included to make sure it will fit your individual cup holder that it becomes redundant . There are three different cup sizes and a rubber sleeve , I suppose to slip over any cup that 's still too small . I can not believe that there is this much fine tuned variation in cup holders -LRB- a matter of millimeters of difference in the provided cups . -RRB- When you find the ultimate one to fit you are left with all these pieces that are obsolete.And then the important part , that holds the iPod is entirely unadjustable . One size fits all ? I thought there was more difference in iPod and other brands of music player sizes than there was in cup holders.The nice thing about it is that there are no fixed parts that you have to screw on to your car or stick on with that white foam tape that never really comes off.All around , it 's a strange design .
 The product that fits in my cup holder does not go high enough to operate without taking your eyes completely off the road ... it is approximately right above lap level . It should adjust to a higher heigth for easier adjustments .
 We purchased this unit in July and used it full time while cruising in Mexico . In December it started having problems with the screen showing only our boat and track . No chart . We had a friend bring down a replacement display unit which Garmin was good about providing . Now we have our old problem plus a new one . The Garmin splash screen would freeze and not start . No worries Garmin to the rescue . So we thought , after a month we received the new SD card as suggested by tech support . We just put the card in and now the unit is stuck on the Garmin logo without the ability to press the special buttons Garmin had us do in the past to bring up the charts . Perhaps it would make a nice dinghy anchor . We are thankful it is under warranty but wasting months in an anchorage to find the fix is not what we expected when we bought this unit . Please note we did not purchase this from Amazon but a well known marine store .
 I received the Nikon FF-CP10 CPL Circular Polaarizing Filter and the Nikon FF-CP10 ND$ neutral densiity -LRB- ND -RRB- filter , BUT I NEVER received the Nikon FF-CP10 NC neutral color -LRB- NC -RRB- filter . When can I expect delivery on this filter ???????????????????????????????
 I `` upgraded '' to this 545s unit from the gpsmap 478 . . Simply because the connection on the back of the 478 were not up to the task of saltwater spray for both the XM antenna and power cord ... I wish i had n't . Yes , it 's a bigger screen , BUT . . you have to push many more buttons to get to where you want to be on the machine . There is not a simple waypoint entry . . while cruising on a vessel . You have to make multiple entries to save it . The worst loss is of the NOAA forecasts that were on the 478 . Now all you get is a little graphical icon and current conditions . . Come on Garmin ... make this a useful piece of equipment instead of a boat anchor .
 I would n't recommend these -LRB- or any other 9V rechargeable -RRB- for smoke detector applications . They drain down after 120 to 180 days and need a charge ... which is ok , if you are disciplined enough to make this necessary recharge . They will save you money over time compared to the alky bats , so you make the call . Chargers for these bats are also pricy and you need to make sure you have a charger that will handle your battery . An 9.5 charger will fry an 8.5 bat ... beware .
 I PURCHASED A REFURBISHED INFOCUS 5700 PROJECTOR . NOTHING BUT PROBLEMS . THE LAMP HAD NEARLY 2000 HOURS ON IT . THE CONROL FOR DOWN WOULD NOT WORK . EVIDENTLY INFOCUS IS NOT REMANUFACTURING THESE UNITS AS THEY STATE . INFOCUS OFFERS A TRADE IN DEAL . THEY WILL GIVE YOU UP TO $ 150 . FOR YOUR OLD UNIT -LRB- READ BETWEEN THE LINES . -RRB- TRY TO GET INFOCUS TO HONOR A WARRANTY , EVEN MORE TROUBLE . THEY DANCE AROUND YOU UNTIL YOU ARE FED UP . THEIR SERVICE TECHS ARE NOT CUSTOMER FRIENDLY . GOOD LUCK !
 The package arrived . When I opened the package it contained nothing but dried out paper cloths . I found it not useable and certainly felt ripped off .
 It does not do what it claims to do , therefore I give it one star . I wish I could give it zero stars , though . The cloths actually scratch CDs and DVDs . They also leave lint residue on the CDs . As one other reviewer mentioned , the cloths really do look like fabric softener sheets that you put in the dryer . Do n't waste your money on these `` cleaning '' cloths .
 The only thing these `` cloths '' might be good for is invisible dust that could just as easily be blown off ... certainly not smudges , because they are dry and slightly abrasive and if you apply any pressure at all they will scratch your CD . Forget about any kind of `` cleaning '' with them ! Also , the name is misleading . They are not `` cloths '' , the texture is actually similar to a Bounce dryer sheet -- and who would try to clean a CD with one of those ?
 I do karaoke and have over 500 cd-s . I use a special machine to clean them , polish out the scratches and apply an anti-statis spray to them . With these cloths they seem to small and take to long to wipe down my cd 's . I 'm using some flannel PJ 's right now which seem to work great , quickly and no lint or scratches . Hopefully I can find some decent cloths because I clean so many CD 's . The machine I use for cleaning the CD-s is professional grade and run 's about $ 199 , I can use 1200 grit sandpaper for very deep scratches , but normaly I use two different cleaning compounds and then the spray so there is a lot to clean after I run my CD-s through this machine .
 I received the product quickly , however , I was very disappointed with the actual product . Each sheet is much smaller than I expected . I need 2-3 sheets to clean one disc . I would not buy product again .
 This charger does not charge . I liked the design , but when I actually tried to charge my iPhone and iPod it does nothing other than give the appearance it 's charging . I understand it was cheap , and may not have worked as quickly or lasted as long , but I would have thought it would have at least worked to some degree .
 Short and sweet
 It really does juat a little bit better than the on board and adds weight to the camera . I really do not think it is a great buy
 Cup holder is fine ... but trying to get the golflogx in the holder doesnot function well ... To use it so wo n't fall out you have to cover all the buttons with the pressure mount ... . which means taking it out each time ... PIA ... May work for other devices but not for golflogx ...
 The article does not easily accomadate the golf logic and is unwieldly in the cup holder . I do not reccomend it .
 The sky caddie holder is not well made and very unstable in the cup holder.The holder is too light weight to hold the sky caddie secure .
 I bought this when I had lost my other magnetic holder . If you 're going to stay on the cart path -LRB- and it 's smooth -RRB- then you may not have to worry about it falling out every 2 minutes when you go over a bump . I do not recommend this at all .
 I ordered this item on Dececember 10 and still have not received it as of today -LRB- January 9 -RRB- . I wrote to the company twice and have not heard from them . I have filed a claim with amazon and have not heard from them .
 This product came with my sky caddie . I never could get it to fit tightly in the cup holder and it and the sky caddie kept falling out ! I have since purchased another type of sky caddie holder that attaches to the side of my golf cart and holds the caddie securely . In my opinion this product is a waste of design and materials , mine went into the recycle trash bin .
 My golflogixs does n't even fit in the holder that comes with it , so you have to free-mount it on by sliding it onto the base . It 's very insecurely held on and I do not trust that I wo n't knock it off by accident . Even testing it by bumping it , it fell off . -LRB- luckily I did it over a couch cushion ! -RRB- I 'm eventually going to have to purchase another style cart mount , but for now , I 'm clipping it to my cup holder on my Sun Mountain cart or when I ride , I clip it onto the strap that holds my bag on . I wo n't even try the cup holder mount on the course for fear I 'll break my gps by it falling off .
 This CPU looked like it was pulled from another computer . The top did not say Pentium 4 , it said OEM and was almost impossible to read . One of the pins were bent . If I had paid more than $ 40 for this I would have demanded my money back . I used my old CPU -LRB- because it still worked -RRB- . My time is worth money , returning it would have cost me twice what I paided for it . If Amazon can get me a refund thanks , if not I will buy tech computer parts for another source that gives a full warranty .
 Processor did not work . I wasted time , money and have not been able to get a refund or working processor . Buy at your own risk ...
 The item looks perfect , clean , -LRB- almost straight from the box new -RRB- , packaging was well done , arrived early and in great condition.The only problem was that it DID NOT work.After installation the computer would not boot-up , after repalcing with it with a pentium 4 2.53 ghz the system works fine.Not sure if it was the chip OR that the system could not handle the increase ghz -LRB- 2.53 vs 3.0 -RRB- . Still did me NO good and still having to use a chip that will problably fail soon -LRB- this was to be a replacement -RRB- . Not sure if this helps but will now search for `` boxed '' chip , no more `` slightly used '' / `` almost new '' ones for me .
 And here 's why : Got this thing to use with a Sportster.My wife and I have been trying to get this thing working - meaning , positioning the antenna - for the last 2 hours . It would go to 3 bars for a second , then down to none - in the same place . It would receive ok in the exact MIDDLE of the room - held up in the air - but not in the window ... It would work when hand-held , but not when in the EXACT location placed on a book or something , would not work.It did n't work right in front of a window , but would suddenly spring to life in a position which made no sense - such as when I was standing in a ridiculous pose -LRB- making fun of the unit -RRB- and pointing it right at the ceiling.It did receive fine ... . out front of the house . I 'm not drilling holes for a 50 ' extension antenna ... So as we were exasperated and a bit stunned at what seemed to be not-ready-for-primetime technology , I decided to try something ... I took the receiver that came with the Sportster ... plugged it into the Sportster unit , and plugged that into the Docking Station ... instantly , 3 bars . I moved all around the room and the least I got was 2 ; I covered it with my body , though , and that stopped the reception . But that makes sense , unlike the laughable and erratic performance of the Directed base unit.So , it comes down to the antenna . Frankly , if the quality of the antenna is this poor , it does n't say much for the base unit as a whole .1 star because without the antenna , there is no reason to own it!And guess what ? Here 's a bonus critique
 I bought this the other day . I ca n't get receiption at my house anywhere , even outside . I took it over to my mom 's house who lives 30 mins away , worked perfect . I took it home , no receiption . The very next day I took it back to my moms , no reeiption.Sirius works perfect in my car , so I guess I 'll go buy a car antenna -LRB- which costs $ 35 new -RRB- and try and use that instead of the home antenna it comes with and see if that might work .
 I have not had much luck getting reception . One minute I 'll have three bars , the next , nothing . I also got a newer sirius for our 2nd car and have been experiencing the same reception problem . The older antennas are much , much better .
 When I first received this unit the box was a little damaged . When I unpacked the unit it looked as if it was used somewhere else . I went ahead and opened it up hoping that it would work but no go . I tried programming the unit to specific channels that did n't work although the unit did power up . I worked with it for 2 days to no avail . I gave up and sent it back . A working unit might be a great purchase but unfortunately this was n't . I would n't recommend based on my experience but others may disagree . We purchased a ZVBox and a scaler which worked flawlessly .
 Suppose one ca n't expect much for the price , however : The CD cover is so hard to puch down -LRB- and makes a terrible sound -RRB- one thinks the plastic will shatter ! The volume would not suffice for the hard of hearing or those who want to `` rock on ! '' Heavy with batteries - that do n't last more than a few plays of CDs . Continue your search for a quality product - this is n't it !
 I absolutely loved the radio . It was everything I wanted in a radio . Perfect . Except the first night , I was going to sleep and it was beside my bed . I could hear a humming noise . Could n't figure out what it was . Put my ear to the radio and that is where the noise was coming from . And the bottom vent on the radio was quite hot . I unplugged it and sent it in to Emerson the next day , as it did it every time I plugged it in . I am hoping for a quick return from them and a radio I will be completely happy with . I will write another review when I get my radio back .
 Was correct connector and voltage but insufficent amp ouput.I wish that the amp specs would have been posted on the product 's specs page .
 No e-mail was ansered , and did not the get camera.RIP OFF
 Problem 1 . This case is ill fitting for a newer ipod with the earphones socket to the left . The case is designed to fit the earphones through the center , you have to contort your headphone jack to get the case to close , which worries me since it may well damage the earphones.Problem 2 . The armband is ineffective . It is narrow and flimsy and the ipod flops around when you walk or move your arm . It is a bad design because the Velcro does n't hold the case firmly , so it hangs from your arm and makes it useless for a work-out situation.I had actually expected to get a different armband with this , since some retailers advertise it with a thicker , more secure looking armband . The packaging for the product actually pictures this thicker , sleeker design . But it does n't come with this , it comes with a narrow piece of neoprene that is poorly designed.Get something else .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 I was n't expecting too much from such an inexpensive headset but these should only sell for about $ 10 . Very cheaply made . I returned mine . The stock headset is much better .
 The price has dropped quite a bit since I bought this . I liked it for the built in mic and iPod pause/advance button -LRB- it functioned just like the set Apple gives you -RRB- . The ear pieces were comfortable but mine just stopped working . There is a loose connection in the mic/pause button .
 I got the headset in reasonable timing but after 3 to 4 days of use , the jack and the cable connection are not well made as they became problem for me when I touched the cable and jack , the audio from my iPhone disappeared . I just sent it back to Rivet for a replacement and hopefully they will replace it as Blue Proton wo n't take back the broken headset ...
 I only paid $ 17 for these headphones here through Amazon , but I still feel ripped off . The sound quality is very poor , no matter what equalizer setting on the iPhone you use -LRB- despite other reviewer claims -RRB- . As far as sound quality goes , they could n't be too much worse ... so if you are buying them to improve on the already weak iPhone headphones , you will definitely be disappointed.The cloth covering for the cord is nice , and the sliding lanyard adjustment is a nice innovation as well . The problem is that unless you are running the cord down the back of your neck and then around front , the microphone that is built into the cord wo n't be ANYWHERE near your mouth . I am 6 ' 5 '' and when wearing these normally , the microphone is literally at the level of my belly button . Not really optimal placement for something so key to the whole function.These are definitely not the answer to the sad lack of decent iPhone headphones .
 They broke after a week of usage . Very uncomfortable . It is indicated that you can use them either behind the neck or upfront . Both schemes are difficult to work with , simply because of the weight of the unit .
 This is a love-hate relationship.I bought my first set Oct 1 , 2008 and loved it . All the comments above apply . The fact that they stay in my ear , hang around neck when not in use and the fabric cord cover ... BUT ... In March one channel stopped working . I contacted Rivit and they sent a replacement . I was happy again.Then I decided to buy a spare in case it happens again.Long story short ... I was the proud owner of 5 -LRB- FIVE -RRB- DEAD earbuds and the company was n't responding to my warranty requests for replacement.So , I took one apart to see if I could fix the problem -LRB- I said I liked the product , right ? -RRB- Found the problem to be the wire connection at the plug . I 've re-soldered mine and put a different strain relief on it and all is fine.One weak point on an otherwise fine product ... own one if you can solder or know someone who can .
 So I 've gone through 3 sets of these . First set cost me $ 10 , second set cost me $ 20 , third set $ 35 . Each set I had has broken such that : a. one earbud no longer worksb . mic button no longer worksc . cord snaps off at buttonI 'd be willing to continue to get this at the original price , 'cause I like the way they fit and the lanyard design is very convenient , but $ 60 is way outrageous for a product that is just ok .
 I really liked these headphones before they broke . They fit well , the sound was fine by me , and I like the lanyard design . But eventually they broke , now the sound cuts out at the slightest movement of the wire , rendering them useless .
 I really love these earbuds but they are already broken!I 've been using them daily for a month and really love them . They sound is as good as a pair of $ 20 earbuds can.However , the connector has already started shorting out . Too bad - I like these way better than the iPhone earphones.I 'm very rough on earbuds but most brands last me 6 months before they get to the state these are in.Still , I may buy another set since there are no other inexpensive options yet .
 I got this and loved it for a about 10 days until one ear bud stopped working . It had a bad connection and would work if I played with the cable . I got it on sale for under $ 10 and decided not to bother returning it to Amazon . I contacted Rivet through their support email and never got any response .
 The Rivet Stereo Headset has okay voice quality for phone conversations , but poor music quality . The build is so fragile that extra care has to be applied to let them last longer than one month.The first one I bought broke in two weeks , when the microphone and the microphone button stopped working . I used this headset in regular computer headphone jack and destroyed the microphone circuit probably in 3 hours . So be very careful not to use it anywhere except for the iphone.the second one I bought broke within one week , when the extremely long wire caught up on a door handle and a moderate jerk broke the internal wire
 I bought these , and was very excited . They seemed like a high quality item . They have a nylon mesh cable common on earphones 6x their reasonable price . The problem with that nylon is its very loud -LRB- unless you are completely still -RRB- and makes a lot of extra noise . My earphones broke after 2 weeks , I 've tried contacting the company numerous times and never received any contact in response . Do not purchase these .
 and one side of the headset no longer works . I 'm really disappointed in the inferior garbage being offered on the internet . Guess it 's back to shopping in brick and mortar stores where I can touch a product before I buy it .
 Mine does have the button , but the mic/button is more than 2 feet from the earphone . This means the mic is right around my belt buckle . Do you talk out of your belly button ? Cause I do n't . Sound is blah , about the same as the apple earbuds .
 THIS PRODUCT HAS NO BASS RESPONSE . USE IT ONLY FOR TALKING ON YOUR PHONE . THE SOUND QUALITY IS SO POOR I COULD N'T STAND LISTENING TO MY IPOD .
 The microphone function of this product did not work with my Macintosh computer -LRB- MacOS X -RRB- ,
 First of all , I am no audiophile . However , I thought it was pretty evident that the original apple headphones had far superior sound . I quickly got used to the landyard style , even though it can be a pain always having to stick your head through the loop . My first set quit working after a week , then the replacement set lasted slightly longer . I was pretty gentle with these - they were not durable at all . I 'm curious to see how many people gave it good reviews for the sets to quit working soon after .
 I purchased the Brand New product.Avoid like a plague.If you are planning to listen to music -LRB- duh -RRB- on these and not just answer the phone then _ do not buy these_The earphones have the bass -LRB- base -RRB- response of a flying mosquito.I made the mistake of buying these because they are only affordable phones + microfone for iPhone.Pros . * Expectable _ phone_only _ audio/microphone response . * The cable -LRB- coat , cover -RRB- material is interesting , looks and feels like a fabric which is great , because unlike rubber -LRB- on my Sony earbuds -RRB- it just glides on your skin and clothes , instead of latching itself to it . This is an unexpected and pleasant plus.Cons . * horrible bass -LRB- base -RRB- response . * overall the earphones feel like they play saturate at 500Hz and below.I have swapped the $ 29 Sony phones during play and the difference was clearly detectable .
 Hello all , I purchased this item b/c rivet in-ear headsets are amazingly comfortable and great for walking/riding around outdoors . I did n't have to increase the volume every time the external noise increased . HOWEVER , I had read reviews that some people 's headsets were breaking down after a little bit of use . Since many others did n't say such things , I took a risk on them b/c the apple stock headsets are crummy!Fast forward 3.5 weeks after receiving my headphones , the button and mic no longer respond . No audio on my side , though I can hear everything from the phone . Just ca n't control the phone from the set at all , and nobody can hear me from the mic.So I call amazon and they send me another one right away , fast forward 2.5 weeks later , same problem as before . The amazon representative who spoke to me the first time said that `` if they experience the same problem again , then we might take the item off our site and investigate the item . '' I 'm guessing the other positive reviews are either lucky , or they reviewed too quickly after receiving the headsets.So , having waited over a month to post my review of this item , my final summary is as follows : # 1 -RRB- AWESOME headset ! I loved every moment that they worked . # 2 -RRB- They perpetually stop working , despite delicate handling and great care . # 3 -RRB- Not reliable at all . :--LRB- therefore , Not Recommended at all !
 The lanyard style works well , length of the cords is great , but the sound quality is not nearly as clean and crisp as the default iPhone headphones .
 I bought these to replace my original apple iPhone headphones and was disappointed . They have a design which requires you to wrap the cord around your neck and attach the phones to your ears . I find this difficult to do and not easy to do ` on the go ' . It 's also difficult to wear these with a backpack / jacket on as your clothing can pull at the cord and the fact that the wires are wrapped around you makes it that much more difficult to straighten out , especially when the phones are tugging at your ears.I am going to order a set of original Apple earphones to replace these . I 've noticed they block more noise than the original Apple ones because of their design in-ear , but I think the difficulty of using these outweighs that benefit . Some may really love these though .
 This is a great product ... for exactly a month . i read the reviews that said that it would break and one of the ear buds would not work anymore . i figured that i am extreamly careful with all of my stuff , and this would not happen to me ... wrong !! i have had two sets of these and both of them broke just about a month after having them . both left ear buds just stopped working.They sounded great b4 that ... but who wants something with a major flaw?dont waste your money ... you worked hard for it .
 I have had 2 sets of these headphones and bought another one for a friend . All three of them have worked between 1-2 months and then the left earbud dies out completely and the right one works sporadically . The mic continues to work but it is not always responsive for skipping a song or answering a call.Initially , I thought I was doing something wrong but if all three ended up the same way , it appears likely that these headphones are just not made very well.Also , I have attempted to contact Rivet to request warranty replacement and my requests have thus far been completely ignored.Ultimately , these headphones are a waste of money and I recommend trying out a different pair .
 I 've been looking for iPhone-compatible earphones for a while , since the included Apple earphones keep falling out -LRB- must be something odd about my ears -RRB- . I did n't want to give up the microphone and the v-moda duo -LRB- with mic -RRB- are backordered , so I figured if these were originally $ 30 - $ 40 , I 'd give them a try . Unfortunately , the sound quality is nowhere near the Apple headset -- it 's resonant , kind of like a telephone , there is little bass -LRB- and what there is is boomy and ... resonant -RRB- and there is * no * detail . For $ 10 , it 's not worth the trouble to return them and I 'll use them as a spare pair , but I would n't recommend these to anyone . You do get what you pay for .
 I 've only used these headphones a few times since purchasing them ... Previous reviews had warnings that they should n't be `` wound up '' or `` stuffed '' into anything for storage as they 'd break , so I 've been very careful . It did n't matter ! the cord seems to have a short in it near the pause button so sometimes I get sound out of the left earpiece , sometimes I do n't !
 I 'm VERY disappointed in the sound quality of these!I bought these as a back up set for my iPhone earbuds . Many reviews on Amazon -LRB- and elsewhere -RRB- said that they were at least as good sounding as the stock iPhone/Ipod sets . This is just not true . One of the things Apple is great about is having a certain quality standard . Being somewhat of an audiophile , I can tell you that the Apple earbuds are a very good base standard for general listening quality . Do n't get me wrong , there better sounding headphones and earphones/earbuds out there . But in my experience there are not that many `` great values '' to be had
 I would love this product if it was not faulty . In trying to pull the jack out of my iPhone , the glue by the casing came loose . -LRB- No I am not wonder woman or anything , just your average Jill -RRB- . Love the fit and feel on these headphones , otherwise.Too bad the plastic casing wiggles off of the metal jack .
 I liked the product being that it 's hard to find a headset that 's trully compatible with the iphone being that it does have the call button . Unfortunately it broke ! I have no idea how or why it broke . I do n't even remember any type of impact that could have caused this . So unfortunately I 'd have to say although I liked the set , it must be pretty fragile !
 These work good and I like the around the neck cable routing . The plug rubber wire cover has started to come off and the plug has started to com apart after only 3 weeks . I will be returning these but not sure what I can get in the same price range.ThanksVincent
 I 've already gone through two pairs of these and I do n't think I will go for a third . The first pair died on the first day I wore them , when I stepped on the right earbud . My second pair lasted a little longer , but I had the same problem as many others - something went loose near the plug connector which caused the right earbud to stop working completely.I like the lanyard design which positions the microphone in a good location when worn correctly , and the button is easily findable and pushable . But the sound quality of the earphones -LRB- when they work at all -RRB- is not great and the earbuds are a little uncomfortable when compared to the V-Modas .
 I 'm no audiophile . I wanted a pair of comfortable earphones to replace those awful Apple ear buds so I could listen to netcasts on my iPhone . I read the reviews on these earphones and figured at such a low price and with my low audio standards , I could n't go wrong.Well , I can go wrong if the product does n't even work . Sure I can hear through the earphones , but the sound quality is so poor , I could n't even make out speaking voices . The microphone worked for half of one five minute phone call . I was ordering delivery food and had to unplug the headset to finish my order because by the end , the guy at the restaurant was unable to understand me . After that , the microphone stopped working as a way to answer calls or to pick up my voice.The lanyard style is really ridiculous , too , with the microphone dangling somewhere below my chest even when I wore them correctly . I 'm not that short , either . Anyway , even if you do n't care about anything other than comfort , these earphones are a complete waste of money .
 I used this product for about a month , and then somewhere between Beijing and Hyderabad the left earpiece died .
 There are n't a whole lot of options for in-ear headphones with an accessible button out if you own an iPhone . Given the alternatives you really do get a lot of bang for your buck with these headphones . The sound quality is decent and the earbuds stay firmly in place , as opposed to the default ones which come with your iPhone.That said , I 've just gone through my second pair . Each time I have had physical damage occur at the plug . The first time I removed the headphones while gripping the rubber casing around the plug , when I looked down I noticed that the plug remained solidly in the ipod and a frayed wire remained in my hand . The second time around the wire appears to have snapped inside the lanyard and I can no longer hear out of the left earbud.All in all , not horrible given how inexpensive they are -LRB- which is why I opted to give it two stars rather than one -RRB- , but the manufacturing quality leaves quite a bit to be desired .
 My Rivet Stereo Earphones have already stop working in one earbud . I only had them for a few weeks and with the normal wear and tear of a 46 year old man so ... . Not sure if this failure is covered by any warranty but I am totally not happy with their craftsmanship.Rivet Stereo Earphones / Headset -LRB- iPhone Compatible -RRB-
 the texture of the cable is not slick like most earphone cables , but more like rope . This creates an annoying noise when the split cables rub against each other , something they do a lot as the split part of the cable is looooong . I would return it if I was n't so lazy . Now I 'll just never use it .
 this is a waste of money , I 've thrown mine in the trash . The over the head , wrap around idea is really stupid -LRB- think using this in a car , i.e. your phone rings and you reach for your headset , etc. -RRB- . The earpieces do n't stay in your ears , and finally , the person on the other side of the line ca n't really hear you . Do n't waste your money .
 i loved it for the first 3 days that it worked . decent sound , nice design . but here i am on day 4 , and the sound just went out in 1 ear . i wish i 'd saved the shipping box ...
 Well , even though reviews said these headphones would last three weeks , I bought them anyway keeping my shipping box close in case of an emergency.I 've had bad experiences with headphones and since then , I take care of my headphones like no one else.I loved the headphones , but two weeks of intense work proved to be too much for these . First the mic , then the left earbud , my headphones literally imploded.I am shipping it back.Do NOT give these buds a shot .
 Keep your original earphones that came with your Iphone . Do not waste the money on thesepoor quality earphones . The sound quality is extremely bad .
 I bought these headphones about a month ago and it 's already broken . The left earbud sound has been cut already . Also , when you 're walking or making slight movements , you can hear the cord hitting against you and it messes with the sound of what you 're listening to .
 Do not buy these.The first set I bought broke after about 30 days . I gave Rivet the benefit of the doubt , and sent it to them for a replacement . I bought another pair to use in the meantime because the price is so low.I received a replacement , but it was the wrong model -LRB- they sent me one for a motorola -RRB- . The new set I bought just broke , this time in under 30 days.Simply put , do not buy them .
 Wait about 30 days . You 'll loose sound out of one ear , or the mic and mic button will stop working.I 'm on my second set and amazon wo n't take another replacement.They 're great earbuds in theory . Good Sound , blocks out noise . I like the over the head . But the Quality of the wires make this a poor buy.I do like them , when it works . but it breaks too easilyUnfortunately they 're the only IPhone earbuds under $ 20 I 've seen at Amazon.I may buy these again , but with the replacement warranty .
 I really liked the sound these put out . And they certainly isolated noise - I could n't hear anything but what I was listing to when I had them on.Dislikes - they hurt my ears . I am wearing the smallest buds and after 6 hours of listening today - my ears still hurt 5 hours later . This has been going on for a week - I am getting ready to return them.The lanyard style is also weird . I need to be able to get on and off easily - I wind up getting them caught in my hair and my earrings.Will wait for someone else to come out with iphone compatible headphones .
 I bought these headphones after reading several positive reviews here on Amazon . I heard tale of their revolutionary lanyard design and superior sound quality . I was wooed by the promise of a superior fit and a more comfortable listening experience . I was lulled into a false sense of well being by the built-in track-skip/call-answer button.I rushed to my office 's mail distribution center daily . With baited breath I searched through the newly delivered parcels , hoping upon hope that my name would be among the chosen few destined to receive UPS 's good graces . Even after the tracking results page said `` lost by carrier '' I did n't loose hope . My 3 day shipping turned to 5 but I stood resolute in my belief that one day if I had faith I would finally receive my headphones.Here I sit , at a bus stop blocks from my house on my Trusty MacBook listening to my old worn-out beat-up original iPhone headphones . My hopes and dreams shattered . My excitement have become my contempt.I hate you Rivet Stereo Headset -LRB- iPhone Compatible -RRB- headphones , I hate you so much . I can not possibly fathom how so many people could write so many positive things about a product that fails to meet even my most basic expectations . I have lost faith in my fellow human beings . First professional wrestling , now this.Without further pontification allow me to attempt enumerate just the very most upsetting facets of these headphones -LRB- if you can call them headphones , I am not sure they qualify -RRB- .1 . The sound quality is terrible . Anyone that says otherwise does n't have ears . The treble is flat and the bass response is nonexistent . I 'm reminded of trying to make a telephone call on a tennis shoe .2 . The revolutionary lanyard design would be great if my neck was 36 inches around . I lack a neck proportionate to a bullflog and have to fish into the folds of my jacket to retrieve the microphone/track-skip/call-answer pod . I have n't tried making a call yet but I imagine I 'd get some pretty interesting looks yelling into my jacket .3 . They stopped working almost immediately . There appears to be an electrical short in the microphone/track-skip/call-answer pod and the left channel cuts out intermittently.I would return these headphones , but it 's not worth my time . I implore you , do not make the same mistake I did . Go spend 100 bux on some real headphones . At least if they suck they 'll be worth sending back .
 I bought these as a replacement my iPhone headphones . While they are inexpensive , I would not recommend them : * Odd design recommends hanging them in a loop around your neck , which is just inconvenient . If you do n't do this , the mic will be in the wrong place . The cord is so long that it gets tangled very easily . * The fabric coating the cords creates a loud sound in the earpieces when it just brushes against your shirt . This gets annoying very quickly . * While the low end sound is decent , there 's a real lack of clarity on the high end . I 'm by no means an audiophile , but the sounds quality is much worse than standard iPod headphones.Overall , very poorly designed .
 No comment on sound quality . However , the way the cord splits from the microphone fob for no good reason is stupid and causes more tangles than needed . The microphone is so far from your mouth , that it almost does n't work . Do n't get this one .
 I needed a replacement USB drive and was hoping this purchase would have quelled that need for a long while . Came in good package and looked rather sleek , but it 's continuous problems with Mac computers has left me unsatisfied . Roughly 1 out of every 10 times I plug it in will it actually detect on my computer , which I first thought was on my end , but after trying it out at my college 's computers seems to be a recurring issue and one that is annoying to deal with . Seems to work fine with PC 's but since I do n't have one anymore and its purpose is to transfer files to any computer needed , it 's a regret on my part . It 's possible mine was just a freak occurrence to have this issue , but it 's still a regrettable purchase .
 I received model MC2-GV as a gift . It broke after one roll of film . Company will not honor warranty because it was a gift and I have no receipt . Stay away .
 Generally , the umpire gives the batter 3 strikes and you 're out , no ? Right u are!And that 's the story with this DumbOffice 550 . I 've gone through 3 of these clunkers , and every one of them is defective in one way or another.I will say quickly , and without further delay , that Tripp Lite honored the warranty policy on one of these that qualified . Fortunately , that particular unit completely died . The inverter totally failed , or I suspect it was the inverter . But before discovering I had a major failure , I went and spent the money for a new battery , thinking , `` Gee , this thing ca n't have failed , could it ??? '' The new battery did nothing to the good . New battery , old battery , same result . Unplug the unit from the AC service , and even with NO LOAD , the red LED on the front panel , indicting OVERLOAD would come on , along with the buzzer , and after 4 , 5 or 7 seconds , it shuts down . Repeat the process as many times as you like , same result.But perhaps the most troubling aspect of this situation was Tripp Lite 's complete lack of interest for examining this unit to determine why it failed . I offered to return the failed unit to Tripp Lite , AT MY EXPENSE , and they said they did NOT want it returned . This would have been an easy packing job , since I had the replacement unit 's packing materials . The failed unit is the exact same model , meaning , the failed unit will fit in the replacement unit 's packing box perfectly . No hassle . Just pay the UPS man and be done with it . Tripp Lite DID N'T WANT IT . . What are these people thinking?Ok , that 's enough on this one . No one likes long reviews.The warranty replacement unit , referenced above , hums and buzzes , and switches over to the battery frequently . And it does n't matter which way you twist the SENSITIVITY ADJUST control on the back . And like the other one I mention shortly , it runs quite hot , even when not doing anything , just being plugged in but not delivering any load , and nothing connected to it being turned on . Slap the cabinet one way , then another , bang the top , and sometimes one can get the humming to quiet down . But I 'm not going to scream too loudly as # 2 still works , with the above shortcomings . I have it connected to an eMachines W3644 , which is a penny-pincher computer that has only a Sepmron LE-1200 CPU and only one plug-in card , a modem , so it does n't represent much of a load . With just this eMachines and a small 19 '' Asus LCD monitor , when I pull the plug for approaching storms , the battery holds up for only 5-7 minutes -- sometimes perhaps a tad more . That 's not much of a load , and not much duration time . But it 's better than nothing I suppose.And the 3rd one , it 's behavior is just like the description above , with the same annoying `` switch to battery '' occurring often . In fact , they are such a pain I have to just turn them off when going to bed so the buzzer does n't come on and wake me up , which both have done often . This 3rd unit I use as a backup for the TV , VCR and DVD burner . Very same SmartOffice 550 , and as with the others , should be called the DumbOffice 550 . Or maybe the BuzzBox 550 , er , HumBox 550 ? Every one of these has a bug-a-boo about it . But I know Tripp Lite can do better because I have yet one more Tripp Lite toy here , a UPS device made back in 2000 , which goes by the trade name of `` Internet Office 500 '' . That 's right , it 's now 2010 , and this Internet Office 500 , long discontinued I suppose , is still rendering outstanding service , TEN YEARS after purchase . I 've only had to change the battery . None of the aforementioned headaches discussed above apply to this Internet Office 500 . So what has Tripp Lite done between the Internet Office 500 and this SmartOffice 550 ? Some corner-cutting , cheap and dirty mistakes , and they should be ashamed . Dear Customer , er , potential customer , look for something better , this is a troublesome unit .3 out of 3 and all troublesome , is unacceptable . One of these was purchased here thru Amazon , the other via -LSB- ... -RSB- . Does n't seem to matter where you buy it , it 's trouble .
 The product looked dirty when arrived . It broke immediately on the first use , could not support the weight . . not well built
 may be i got a defective one.there is nothing inside to hold the ipaq . its just a 3 fold cover . IPAQ comes with a much better case when you buy it new
 I bought this thinking it would fit my PDA and in size it did . Just that it only has one type of restraint in the case to hold the PDS safe , only good for that type of pda . Good price . Gave it away .
 I thought this would fit my 5555 Ipaq but does n't . I was mislead by the description . Have n't used it
 This does not fit the iPAQ hx2755 . Do not try ! There are plenty of other cases out there that will work . I ended up with a 94 cent digital camera case from Wal-Mart that works better than this thing .
 This is for an older model of HP Ipaq PDA is not usefull for me
 This case will not work with most iPAQ PDAs because it is designed for iPAQs with a side hinging cover . The case actually attaches to the hinge of the cover , thereby replacing whatever cover was on the PDA . Unfortunately , my hx2755 has a cover that hinges from the top , so this case wo n't really work for it . Its a tight squeeze with the cover attached for my PDA to fit , but it does have some room for a few credit cards and maybe some SD cards .
 After 2 weeks of trying to find software to download -LRB- the disk I received would not download properly -RRB- , I was finally able to get it installed . Then , I tried to download some photos . Kept getting an error message saying the setup was incorrect and to consult the trouble shooting section of the manual , sadly there was no troubleshooting section sent with my camera . Called VuPoint Solutions , they told me that my OS system should be compatible , but if it is still not downloading I need to either a -RRB- return their product to the the seller or b -RRB- attach it to a different computer . Now as far a ` tech support ' goes , what BS . They did n't even offer any troubleshooting advice . They also said they were n't selling the product anymore . I guess that is a reasonable excuse to not assist me with their faulty products . I will NEVER buy a VuPoint product again and I advise anyone who is looking to purchase one , if anything goes wrong , your on your own .
 The case is sturdy and nice looking . However , its metal clap nearly broke the screen of my Toshiba e330 several times . Use at your own risk .
 I bought this PDA case by looking at price of $ 3.99 . I have seen better than this in my local 99 cent store . I can not keep my PDA in this case because it has no protection on sliding up or down from the case . I preferred to throw it rather than destroying my PDA by keeping in this .
 I only got this case because Amazon gave it away almost for free . I figured , for less than 2 bucks , I might as well get it . It 's horrible in looks and design . If it costs more than 2 bucks , do n't bother .
 mine went start to the recycle bin :--RRB- not a total lost I guess
 seems nice.But for some reason it is recomended by amazon as an accesory for my sharp 6000 . unfortunately this product is way too small for it , but I did give it away as a gift .
 Bought this camera last year . Okay for day light photos and worst for night mode . I tried different settings but still could not use this camera to take pictures during the night time .
 Although the company claims that this drive plays well in Mac OS X , I could n't get my power book running Panther to recognize it . Another laptop running Jaguar worked better , but there were still glitches when copying files and when preparing to disconnect the drive . My request for help with this problem was completely ignored by pocketec technical support , so I sent the thing back to the vendor . I do n't think this drive is worth the trouble for Mac users .
 I can not find anyplace on this description where it says this item does NOT come with the neck strap . Since that is specifically why I bought this item , I will be returning it .
 The CDs are fine . They work as expected . BUT , each slim-line jewel-case 'd CD is individual shrink-wrapped , and non-trivial to open , creating pointless shrink-wrap waste to dispose of . Once you do manage to get the jewel case open , the prongs holding the CDs in place are poorly-designed , making it hard to remove the CD without breaking the prongs , thus rendering the jewel case paralyzed.I 'm sure that the CDs are great , maybe even superior to other major brands -LRB- though I ca n't really tell a difference -RRB- . But due to the inordinately huge ordeal involved in getting the CD out of the packaging , I have no intention of ever purchasing Memorex optical media again .
 I previously bought the Memorex 48x 30 pak and that was good . However , the new version which is 52x does not contain the CD inserts as before . I need them for my purposes . Really bad .
 Amazon has decided to exclude these print cartridges from the free shipping , even when you are buying several . When you factor in the shipping charges , you are better off buying these at your local office supply store -LRB- Office Depot , Staples , Office Max , etc. -RRB- The cartridges themselves are excellent , just not at this price .
 This battery was terrible . I bought it for my daughter 's laptop and it held a charge for about a week . Now it is the same old , leave it plugged in all the time or else it will die routine . Garbage !
 within 60 days the monitor flickers in and out and will not come on without turning it off and on . still under warranty , but advised repairs would take 2 -3 weeks and so must either get another monitor for desktop with which to operate business . poor service , never another acer product . purchased it because of past reliability , but never had need for service .
 Amazon has decided to exclude these print cartridges from the free shipping , even when you are buying several . When you factor in the shipping charges , you are better off buying these at your local office supply store -LRB- Office Depot , Staples , Office Max , etc. -RRB- The cartridges themselves are excellent , just not at this price .
 Some dunce in amazon has removed the free shipping from these cartridges , at $ 5 APIECE shipping , Hardly a bargain , nore like rapeage . Get them directly from epson cheaper . Cancel your orders , everyone that Thought they were on sale , this is horrible on amazon 's part .
 This keypad requires a special program to be loaded so that the numlock on the keypad is unsynchronized with the notebook keyboard . With that program loaded your computer will lock up when you try to run an MS-DOS application . You must then reboot the machine . Unfortunately , I did n't discover this defect until after my 30 day return period had passed . Surprisingly Targus and Kensington have engineered keypads that do n't require a separate program to unsynch the keypad numlock from the keyboard . Their keypads work fine under MS-DOS based applications and cost much less .
 This was not worth the money . Just go to walmart and buy some you 'll get a better deal .
 I mistakenly purchased the wrong Epson ink cartridges but when I discovered the mistake it was past the return date for the product . The vendor refused to swap this product for the correct product .
 I decided to roll the dice after hearing the mixed reviews on this set . Unfortunately , my number did n't hit . While this set has fantastic specs , especially after tweaking the settings , the results are moot . I have three large bands that run from the left to the right of the screen . Sharp keeps saying they are working on a fix , but nothing yet . If this unit had no problems , it would be a five , but how can Sharp not recall a unit with glaringly obvious defects ?
 It took only a couple days for me to notice horizontal bands about a quarter of the way down from the top of the screen . They were most pronounced on solid-color backgrounds , but most severe on gray/black backgrounds . At first I thought I could deal with it , but when I watched HD channels my eyes were constantly drawn to it and it got really annoying . So I took it back to the store -LRB- luckily the appliance store has a generous return policy -RRB- and exchanged it for another one , hoping that this one would n't be afflicted . Unfortunately , same story , distracting horizontal bands , except this time they were closer to the middle of the screen and even worse . I think I 'm going to take this one back as well and get a different TV altogether . The HD picture is great if you can ignore the bands , but it 's just too much for me .
 The picture was good but the TV is very fragile and not suited for regular use . My one-year-old poked the TV with a nerf bat and the TV stopped working . Sharp refuses to replace/fix the TV .
 I 've now ordered 2 sets from Amazon and returned both.The first was cracked across the screen , OK , maybe a shipping issue , stuff happens.The second arrived and had immediately noticable horizontal bands in two parts of the screen , even on the service menu . The bands are there regardless of input source -LRB- air or cable -RRB- but are not as visible in certain scenes . As soon as the picture moves back to a uniform color and from light to dark you can make out the bands , about an inch thick , where the pixels are simply darker , no matter what color is on the screen.The most disappointing thing is that Sharp 's customer service and tech support said this was the first they 'd heard about it -LRB- really , in mid-january 2007 , even after this has been all over the internet for months ? who are they trying to kid ? -RRB- . I did n't want to take the chance that they would eventually get around to replacing the set so I sent it back.As it is Amazon has had my money for nearly a month and I 'm still out of a TV . They only ship replacements or issue refunds AFTER eagle delivers the old one and Eagle is SLOW , especially when it 's not their money in limbo.It 's a real pity because the set was great in other respects . I 'm debating whether to buy a Sony or to wait for the new D92 models supposedly out in January .
 I ordered my new 46 '' Sharp TV to watch during my surgery recovery . However 6 weeks after my `` new '' TV was installed , it still does not work . I am being told the AV board needs to be replaced however getting the Sharp warrenty contractor to replace it is almost impossible . I am now being told it will be another 2-3 weeks before it is fixed . Sharp customer service is nice but obviously has little stroke when it comes to making the repair happen .
 Like others who have reviewed this tv , I too had problems dealing with Sharp . I had a code for `` friends and family '' which ended up costing me nothing but headaches . I will NEVER consider a Sharp product EVER again !
 I bought this Flat screen 14 months ago and main board went out . They told me repair was $ 1400 and were totally rude when I said TV is one year old and should not have bad board unless board was defective to begin with . Cindy Ranes basically told me to eat the TV and was totally useless to talk to on the phone . I would never buy another sharp product as it seems they make expensive throw away flat screens . Go ahead and buy if you want but be prepared to toss in a year or so as they are garbage .
 TV properly broken in . Using S-Video inputs . Using DVD and DirecTV sources.Problems :1 . banding that everyone talks about2 . picture quality is bad . i tried every setting in the menus to tweak it . color reproduction and fragmentation are the notably bad effects .3 . my remote died after a year . prob due to bad batteries . but nonetheless , other remotes of mine have stood up to that b4.the ergonomics of the remote is horrible btw . really really bad.Good stuff :1 . surround sound is awesome for a tv . but does n't matter or come into effect if u use a 5.1 system externally .
 The Good
 Purchased this LCD from SharpDirect 3 weeks ago , its been broken for 2 weeks now and counting . Sharp does not want to replace it , they want to fix it in my home . The service technician does not work for Sharp . They are from some local third party . I own both a philips and a panasonic HD TVs that have had no issues.I have spent the past two weeks trying to sort this out with Sharp , but all I have received has been either incorrect information or no call backs.Spend your money elsewhere .
 After having a Magnavox TV for over 30 years without a problem , My family decided to update my parents to a LCD bigscreen.I thought this was the one to get . . I was wrong.After a short period in time , the LCD screen went out.Lucky it was still under warranty.BUY A DIFFERENT TV !! SHARP HAS SERIOUS QUALITIY ISSUES!I do n't know if it the cheap labor that assembles these or just faulty components !! Stay away from SHARP !!!
 I ordered 2 magenta cartridges last week from this seller when the price was listed as $ 3.55 each . What was pictured is a genuine epson cartidge but what was sent was a 3rd party remanufactured cartridge . They also charged $ 9.75 to ship 2 small , almost weightless cartridges . Save your money . Order direct from Office Depot for $ 11.99 each and free shipping . I also emailed this company and received no reply .
 Amazon has decided to exclude these print cartridges from the free shipping , even when you are buying several . When you factor in the shipping charges , you are better off buying these at your local office supply store -LRB- Office Depot , Staples , Office Max , etc. -RRB- The cartridges themselves are excellent , just not at this price .
 Yes it fits 20 + DVDs but when you put the DVDs on the 2 shelves inside there is so much wasted space above the DVDs , at least 4 inches . You are able to shove 2 more DVDs above each stack of DVDs but it looks bad . I would n't buy this again .
 spilled toner all over our copier , we have a al-1540cs . In short , copier is ruined , the toner is too fine to clean off the parts . We have tried to clean the copier , inserted the toner back in -LRB- made sure it was seated correctly -RRB- it still spilled all over the place . Not sure what is wrong here but this product is not recommended .
 I got mine yesterday delivered from Amazon in 24 hours ! -LRB- Just amazing -- I paid nothing for shipping selecting Super Saver Shipping - and here you are - delivered next day - but that 's beside the point -RRB- . To make story short - it did not work ! When CD is loaded it starts making kind of loud whirling noise then stops and nothing gets it in backup mode . So I burnt few hours try to get it work and failed . Quick test showd that unit had latest firmware installed . But surely diagnostic messages are all misleading.Called support in the morning -LRB- not tall-free number btw -RRB- and lady after hearing to these noises suggested that I should return item for replacement . That 's it . I did n't try to hook it up to computer - why waste time ? Will order JOBO CP 200 Apacer Disc Steno to see if there any difference .
 I tried 3 different CD-R 's and 1 CD-RW blank media to copy both SmartCard and CompactFlash -- all of the CD media became unusable . The CD-RW was so damaged that none of my other computers could even erase it any longer . It was only able to burn 1 CD-R correctly , but when I tried to add to the compilation with more pictures , it scrambled the table of contents , creating yet another coaster . Piece of junk -- I returned it the same day .
 Even though its capacity is smaller , I chose Roadstor over a flash-HD for safety . I figured , when travelling I 'd burn two CDs each time , keep one and mail the other home . Cheap insurance . If a flash-HD has problems I 've lost all my pictures in one shot.Had 500 + MB of data to transfer from a CF card.First attempt
 Only 11 month into usage , this TV developed a 3 inch red strip along left side of screen on all input signals . This pretty much renders the TV useless . Even before this , the TV has excessive audio buzzing noise . I have tolerated for almost a year . Definitely will never buy another Hitachi product .
 I have had the most miserable experience with my 42 inch LCD TV it has been in the repair shop more that at my home . Three trips and still the picture goes out . Customer Service is now dealing with the problem in the most unfriendly manner possible . They will not make me whole for all I have been through.Do yourself a favor do n't by a Hitachi , it is n't worth the risk and abuse
 BUY A SHARP AQUOS LCD - THEY ARE MY NEW , FIRST RECOMMEND ! If I could do it over again I would!Let me begin by saying that I 'm a technophile - work at Google currently - have worked at Oracle and Microsoft previously ... I know technology!I bought this particular set because of its features and technology ... however ; it broke 3 months after purchase ! After some very annoying back and forth with first line Hitachi customer support , an `` authorized Hitachi repair person '' came and took my Plasma away - this was near 4 WEEKS AGO , and counting . I have been without ANY TV for near 4 weeks ! Buy `` authorized Hitachi repair person '' I mean some guy - no uniform , loaded my Hitachi in the back of an unmarked , open pickup truck - and left me with some generic service repair ticket.Customer service is completely inept , uncaring , and without any authority to assist . Its borderline criminal - I originally went with a name brand to avoid this very thing . There is definitively no CARE in Hitachi Customer Care.Someone at Hitachi viewing this can view my support ticket by last name
 Before throwing $ 2,000.00 away , I would suggest contacting Hitachi first and verifying what their warranty covers . We purchased this TV -LRB- from another retailer -RRB- on December 3rd . On January 27th we discovered a very large crack that looks as if it originated behind the silver strip on the top of the TV , and has expanded in either direction from there.Per the 1st inital contact with Hitachi , we were told that they only warranty the screens for 30 days -LRB- mind you , we also paid $ 300 for a 3 year warranty ! -RRB- . Refusing to accept this , we contacted Hitachi again . This time we were told that based on our description , it sounded like a manufacturer 's defect & they would cover the repair costs - if we paid to have an authorized repair center come to our home and determine that we were not at fault.Now , we were only given 2 `` authorized repair centers '' in our area , the closest being 18 miles away , & have been trying to contact these companies for over a week - never getting an answer . Also , IF it 's determined we are not at fault , according to the warranty card -LRB- which does not specify that the screen is not part of the warranty -RRB- , we will also be responsible for shipping costs to Toshiba , and back.So ... total estimated cost of TV 60 days old : $ 1,700 - TV$ 300 - Extended warranty $ 300 - Service Call -LRB- estimated -RRB- $ 400 - To ship to Toshiba -LRB- based on other customers experiences -RRB- $ 400 - To ship TV back to me . $ 3,100.00 Total CostIn addition to the crack , we are also experiencing loud humming coming from the TV -LRB- even while turned off -RRB- & have had the TV turn itself off while in the middle of watching normal programming . If I could , I would rate this 0 stars .
 and I 'm waiting ... and waiting ... and waiting ... and waitingI 'd write a review if I had the damn unit . Right now , its got ta be one star , since I can only imagine -LRB- based on other reviews -RRB- how nice this puppy is.Latest shipment estimate is end of Feburary . 21/2 months delivery time?It could be time to begin to look elsewhere for one of these bad boys .
 I can only imagine how great this Plasma is . I am waiting and waiting and now it will be around the end of February . Over all this would not be a problem because I really want this model . The issue is their IDIOTIC customer service ! They have to be in India or somewhere like that and I do not know how long customers will put up with their ignorance and lack of proper response.Amazon needs to reassess their customer service , seriously!Ever time I send a DETAILED email with a simple inquiry about a transaction -LRB- not only this order -RRB- , I receive an idiotic BOILERPLATE response only remotely addressing the question , a simple example
 The zip format is very convenient . I have been using them for years . I used to mail the 100mb disks overseas in just an envelope without a problem . Very reliable.The 750mb ? Not so reliable in my experience . I had a brand-new Zip 750mb disk die on me in the last few weeks . Within a few minutes , it was so badly corrupted that MS Windows could not format or even see the disk . Hardware failure . Gone was my `` convenient '' back-up . As dead as the disk . And this was not the first one to die on me ! -LRB- I am talking about the disk , not the drive . Without the disk , the drive is worthless -RRB- . So I contacted the Iomega support people . Had to call them , because the website support sucks . Very friendly they were , but they would not replace the disk . Never mind that the disk has a five year warranty . No sir . I had to produce the proof of purchase . Well , the 750mb disk format has not even been out for five years , so that request defies logic . Who keeps the receipt for an cheap disk?Suffices to say , this is where my 10 year old relationship with Iomega ends . When I back up data , I expect the media to be reliable .
 I 've been a Zip disk fan for many years . However , this 750 drive -LRB- firewire -RRB- and accompanying disks has been terrible . I just had my third disk go currupt in as many months . All data lost . I 'm finding another media for daily backups ...
 However my experience is with Windows 98SE . I bought this motherboard just because the only one supporting it in oder to minimize the installation work.I use this computer only for Internet access and `` home-office '' purpose just not to have to turn my workstation on . For this purpose -LRB- once you are able to make it working -RRB- it may be OK.If you have time to waste and no computer upgrade needing it may be OK.Not shure it can be OK
 Have you ever wonder why they sell all those factory reconditioned stuff?Well , I contacted web support to replace disks , they told me the drive was out of warranty , I explained the drive was perfect , I have unusable media , and that I could send the damaged disks back to them so they could check them , also offered all the serial numbers for all disks.They refused to do anything without a Proof of purchase , and hung me up.Great Support -LRB- ? -RRB- , I swear I wo n't buy anything again from this company.As advise , do the same .
 The zip format is very convenient . I have been using them for years . I used to mail the 100mb disks overseas in just an envelope without a problem . Very reliable.The 750mb ? Not so reliable in my experience . I had a brand-new Zip 750mb disk die on me in the last few weeks . Within a few minutes , it was so badly corrupted that MS Windows could not format or even see the disk . Hardware failure . Gone was my `` convenient '' back-up . As dead as the disk . And this was not the first one to die on me ! -LRB- I am talking about the disk , not the drive . Without the disk , the drive is worthless -RRB- . So I contacted the Iomega support people . Had to call them , because the website support sucks . Very friendly they were , but they would not replace the disk . Never mind that the disk has a five year warranty . No sir . I had to produce the proof of purchase . Well , the 750mb disk format has not even been out for five years , so that request defies logic . Who keeps the receipt for an cheap disk?Suffices to say , this is where my 10 year old relationship with Iomega ends . When I back up data , I expect the media to be reliable .
 This exact surge protector almost caused a fire . It did save my computer after a power surge outside , but it fried the unit and created burn marks on my hardwood floor . I was home when it happened . It made a loud zapping noise and the entire upstairs smelled like an electrical fire . I would never buy this product . My electrician asked me how much I paid for the surge protector ... he said it looked so cheap , so we are looking into getting a whole house surge protector for about $ 90.00 for the part and about 2 hours of labor ... worth it . I will never go cheapo on a surge protector again .
 Two days ago PG&E ; installed a new drop line to my apartment complex but left a loose connection that caused power surges in my building . I had three power strips -LRB- purchased after my $ 1000 Sony tv fell victim to a power surge two years ago -RRB- . I had two Monster HTS700 surge protectors and a Belkin surge protector , exactly like this model only about two years older.When I came home from work , my apartment smelled like a chemical factory and still does . I had my two tvs and dvd players plugged into the Monster products and my modem and router plugged into the Belkin . The Monster products were dead but my $ 3000 in electronics were fine.The Belkin product had caught on FIRE and if it was n't for the fire retardant carpet , my whole building could have burned down including my two cute kitties . Funny enough it did protect the two electronics but I would have preferred that had died rather than having a two feet patch of burned carpet in my living room.Thought I should share my experience - I 'm only purchasing the monster products from now on .
 I could not get my PCs to recognize the binoculars after connecting to the PC via the USB cable . I tried Windows 98 SE , Windows XP Home Edition . Both have the latest Windows updates . I also tried installing the supplied drivers . But , still nosuccess.I called tech support . I was forced to leave a message . The voice mail said it would take 48-72 hours for a response.The only reason I gave 2 stars rather than 1 is because I like the design and feel while viewing .
 I bought 6 of these cables to provide input from a distribution amplifier to use with Orei P901 multi-format DVD players . They did n't work . Had to resort to using other cables that did . Be careful when ordering for connection to your DVD player . There seems to be more than one standard in use and there 's no way of knowing without trying them first . Luckily they were cheap , but its still bothersome ... I suppose they work with some equipment , but who knows what ?
 False advertising on these cables . They do n't work at all . No video signal comes through ... only a loud buzz .
 this product was n't working as much as it was when it was new.the wires slowly broke inside.i will look for better cords
 Got the cable , apparently looked fine , but as I hooked it up to my jcv camera and Philips TV , it did n't work.I was sad with the outcome but it was a gamble anyway to me because of the price .
 I tried this lens for a few photo shoots . It was a joke . Just did n't work at all the way I thought it would . Pictures were unusable .
 I suspected that this product would be a bit flaky with respect to its `` magnetic '' mounting method -- but it fell short of even my lowest expectations . The magnet is quite weak . I should have known better . I will not be using it . It 's hard for me to imagine it really working well for anyone who does n't intend to glue it to the camera . Even if the lens does n't fall off , it slides from side to side quite easily as well which will result in undesirable shot composition .
 I bought this lens to be my wider angle lens -LRB- I have a 50mm 1.8 , and a 70-300 telephoto -RRB- . While this lens works pretty well at 28mm , zooming always gives a distorted image . I primarily use this lens for weddings since the 28mm helps with tight bridal rooms and smaller spaces you find in churches , etc. . But sometimes you need the zoom capability and this lens does a terrible job with anything more than 28mm . So basically , if this were a prime fixed lens , I 'd be a hundred percent happy with it -- it 's sharp and fast at 28mm . But because it has an unusable zoom function -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- it falls flat .
 it 's fine for lots of situations but after using it for a few days i found myself wanting something with image stabilization . any shots above 55mm in low light were hard to get without some blur from camera shake . also , the focus ring on this thing feels pretty loose . overall i 'm pretty happy with this lens . it 's small and good for those times when you do n't want a bulky , overbearing camera . in retrospect i wish i could have spent $ 400 - $ 1000 on a really good lens .
 It 's actually the worst lens I 've ever owned . It came with a kit so what can you expect ? Save your funds and put it towards anything else .
 Received unserviceable , supplier would not replace , made up rules that indicates Canadians do not get following services since I am out of USA . Supplier demanded item be sent back express . Spent in excess of $ 100 . in postage for a item that was defective . Not impressed .
 This item broke 3 hours into using it . Tiger direct -LRB- whom i purchased it through -RRB- was not at all interested in helping me fix the problem . I purchased the item on the first of Feb 2007 , I received it on the 7th -LRB- quick shipping I have to admit that usually it takes 2-3 weeks for stuff to get out here to Iraq -RRB- The power cable fried 3 hours into use , now I have this shiny piece of metal in my living area with my whole life on it , and I ca n't get to any ofthe info . I 've waited for almost 3 weeks for a response from tiger direct and they have neglected to answer multiple emails from me , I had to use a morale call to the states to call the company to fix the problem which in the end I got a very nasty attitude from the person on the other end of the phone who told me they ca n't send me another power cable and then gave me the number to the manufacturer who agreed quickly to send me another power cable free of charge -LRB- shipped out the same day I called -RRB- I 'm not sure why Tiger direct could n't just do that in the first place instead of making me wait for 20 days on `` we 're waiting on a decision from our product manager '' Very disgusted with the product , not even sure if it still works , just hoping the power cable did n't fry the external as well . Personally speaking - spend the extra money to get a better more durable external hard drive , this one is n't worth the stress you 'll encounter .
 Edit
 I plugged these cables in once and the center pin broke off of one of them . I had to use pliers to get it out . Do n't waste your time or money , pay a little more and get a better product .
 Purchased the 540 & serial cradle in May . Worked great w / win 98 . Upgraded to new laptop w / Win 2000 . Win 2000 is wonderful - hot swap of PCMCIA cards , etc. . But - every time new software is installed , the synch breaks . Not sure if its MS Active Synch or HP - no one else seems to know either . Even my network support guru 's at the office have no luck , and nothing on the bulletin boards . This baby 's going back it just does n't work . Maybe Compaq has their act together .
 This product is very old but durable . To sync it you need to have a super-downgraded active-sync . I used it for personal notes and word documents , but it did not last long . the internet service needed for it is too outdated to use . I would not recommend this product due to its battery life and inability to connect online or to a computer without very downgraded synchronizing tool . Just save your money for a windows phone ...
 I , too , thought I had a great product . Until just after my warranty expired . My PPC decided one day to short circuit itself , and get so hot I could not even pick it up . It warped the leather of my carrying case , and could well have started a fire if I had left it near papers on my desk . Now , it only works when it wants to . HP 's response is too bad . Of course , they would be willing to fix it for $ 200 . My advice , DO NOT BUY THIS DEVICE ! Best case , you get poor customer support and a sub-par product . Worst case , it burns your home or office to the ground !!!
 Just read The topic my freinds , Just read the topic ... * sighs * ... -LRB- Sheesh ! what a HUGE disapointment . . oh well back to my good ` ol aero 1550 ! -RRB-
 It performs v-e-r-y s-l-o-w-l-y !!! Unfortunately this negative feedback is coming from someone who really likes Iomega products . I 've had their Zip products for years , really like their Zip USB 1.1 250MB drive and the 128MB USB 1.1 Mini Drive , both acquired recently , yet this one is going back.The problem , I 'm pretty sure , is WINXP SP1 's support for USB 2.0 disk devices when attached to USB 2.0 ports . Other combinations perform well . I have written several articles on USB 2.0 mini drive products here on Amazon giving those products great reviews , but NOT until I formatted those devices as `` NTFS '' . There 's something about FAT and FAT32 formats that 's in conflict with WINXP.Nonetheless , I was optimistic about buying the ZIP 750 because I figured that if it runs slow like the 2.0 mini-drives , I 'll just format it as `` NTFS '' . However , six hours after buying it , it was back in its box ; I had given up in frustration.My benchmark was a web site that weighed 120MB , containing 2899 files . No point starting small given my experience with USB 2.0 mini-drives . Well , it took 10.5 minutes , which was an awfully long time for a 2.0 device on 2.0 ports on a fast Pentium 4 . So , I tried to format it as `` NTFS '' and Iomega 's software did n't support anything but `` FAT '' . Not even `` FAT32 '' . I saw articles on Iomega 's web site indicating that they do n't recommend `` NTFS '' for Zip products , yet they provide instructions on how to use WINXP to do the formatting instead of their own software . It 's not point and click , folks ... but never mind , because once I formatted it as NTFS this benchmark ran in 12 mins 50 secs . 10MB a minute is not good!Before I packed it up to return it to OfficeMax , I ran this benchmark on my 5 + year old computer which has WIN98 and some seldom used USB 1.1 ports and it ran my benchmark on the Iomega 750 in 4 minutes or so , but not before hanging me twice . Not one to give up without a fight , I reinstalled my Iomega 250 USB 1.1 on the WINXP computer and the benchmark data ran at 4 + minutes . I was not at all surprised . By the way , since you asked , the benchmark ran in 1 min 25 secs on my PNY USB 2.0 Attache mini drive -LRB- NTFS , remember -RRB- . Using that as a standard , the Iomega USB 750 should have run this benchmark in less than 2.5 mins ... if it did , I would have kept it.In summary , if your computer has WINXP SP1 and USB 2.0 ports , you are extremely likely to have the same miserable performance I 've had . Please buy the product from a dealer who will take it back . And ... do n't be beguiled by reviews that say it was really fast when they copied a single 120MB file in only 1.5 minutes or so . That might be true , but it 's not the way we use computers.Thanks for your time .
 I bought a desk-top computer , many years ago , which came with a built-in Zip drive for 100MB disks . It has always worked well ; so , I took a chance with an external Zip drive for 750MB disks . It was extremely expensive for it 's purpose ; but , I figured it to be an easy way to keep sensitive , work-related data separate from personal data . For the first few months , it worked as advertised ... no problems . But , then , the day came when I needed it and it simply refused to work . Up to that point , there was never the slightest indication of a problem . The Zip drive just gave up working . If you take a chance with iomega products , make sure to have a copy of your data stored on a reliable device . I was warned by co-workers ; and , fortunately , I took their advice . As for iomega , I have added the company to my blacklist .
 Omigod -- just bought two of these drives and now they both , with regularity , destroy any disks used in them . But not immediately ... everything works great for about 3-4 files , then at some point the drive starts to run , and run , and run -- and at the end , you have no files , and 250 MB disks can not be reformatted -LRB- can only do short format on these -RRB- . Iomega gneraously replaced my disks ; great , now all the replacements are corrupted . I guess it 's the click of death -- the symptoms are very similar in terms of what happens to the disks , but the drives do not click ! Iomega tech support never heard of this , naturally . Although cheap , I do n't care much for CD-RWs , so I 've gone to MO disks -- much more reliable , I 've never had a failure .
 My 750MB Zip drive malfuctioned just after the warranty had expired . Beware !
 I ordered and received an Iomega Zip 750 MB External USB drive . I have returned it , only to find out that I am not being refuned the full amount because of some bogus return policy charge.You need to refund me 100 % of the money I spent on the faulty product . It should never cost the customer anything when they buy a defective product . Where is there a phone number so I can call and talk to a real person ?
 They picture what they shown in Amazon and sent item is different.I suggest not to take this product .
 Placed the order and was expected to receive within a week . But did not receive the product of weeks . Contacted the customer care , thanks to A to Z claim of Amazon which helped me to get my money back . This sucks on the part of clearav , will be thinking twice before placeing placing order with this vendor .
 I plugged this in my HP laptop to my sharp tv ... display very very blurry . Tried to configure it but still would display the same . I have not used it at all . I tried a VGA cable and it worked totally fine .
 I purchased this item to allow me to watch my computer movies on TV for movie marathons etc , but it turns out that , while it can sustain sound , this cord is unable to transfer the S-Video signal to the yellow composite . In short , I have a sound cable , but the main part I paid for is useless . Unfortunately , I forgot to return it and now I 'm stuck with it . Get something that works !
 1 -RRB- Product arrived much later than delivery estimate2 -RRB- Product that was shipped was not the cable I ordered3 -RRB- Picture quality with the cable is terrible.I will never again order anything from this company .
 This cord was NOT what I thought it was going to be . It did not come with an audio cable , it looks NOTHING like the picture at all . It is a single black cord that connects to S-Video and RCA Video port . It is a 4-plug S-Video instead of a 7 . As of right now , I 'm extremely dissatisfied .
 This was supposed to be a cable converting stereo and S-video output to RCA input . What I got was just a converter from S-video to RCA -LRB- one s-video end and one RCA end -RRB- . Not only that , but it took over a MONTH to get here ! I was not pleased with my purchase at all .
 I bought a pair after losing an older T5200 -LRB- also from Motorola -RRB- which is not manufactured anymore . I figured that the new & more expensive model -LRB- which also has 1 Watt compared to 1/2 watt of the T5200 -RRB- should work as good or better.I was very disapoointed . Very poor sound quality . Audio is not clear and in many cases has breaks . I still have one T5200 left -LRB- I lost 1 out of 2 -RRB- - eveyone in my family wants to use the older unit as the new T5820 does not perform . Plus , I paid for the T5200 half of what I paid for thr T5820 ... I recommend not to buy this product . Go for the new cheaper & better T5720 -LRB- 1 Watt as well , compact , great sound quality . The only limitation - no vibration alert . See my review on it -RRB- .
 The quality of voice coming from the speakers is very poor . You can hardly understand the person talking to you .
 Rugged outdoor use ?? I do n't think so . The first day , both belt clips broke ! Replacement is n't an option because the ... plastic that is poorly designed will break again . Five mile range ? The radios that I purchased wo n't transmit over a 1.5 mile range . Finally , be prepared to send lots of money to the FCC . I would not recommend purchasing this item .
 I hated it it doesent even work i turned it on and all i herd was static !!!!! Dont waste your money on something cheap . So take my advise PLEASE .
 I picked up a pair of these just before a long roadtrip thinking that we could use them to talk between cars , but on every point they came up weak.Range
 Audio quality is so bad , it 's nearly impossible to understand the caller . I bought a pair and promptly returned them . My advice
 I bought these to keep in touch with my friends snowboarding , and paintballing . I would have been better off paying for airtime on my cell phone instead of purchasing these . The audio quality on these are average to poor at best . They are not what I expected fom the Motorola corporation . A great disappointment .
 I am unfortunate enough to be able to review two sets of products . The first set I received , I returned because the radios did not communicate at all . One or both of the radios were clearly defective . The second set did work well at 100 paces or so . Actually we test them several times and the furthest we got them to work was less than 1/2 mile . As someone said , hardly the need to have to apply for a GMRS license . Another thing is the very tight fit of the rechargable battery pack . It is very difficult to remove the pack . The clerk pried one out with the blade of a knife and the other he used the same approach one uses to get ketchup out of the bottle . Finally , I ca n't help but pass on the advise I received from the clerk when I received the second set . He told me that if I was not pleased with the performance , to remove the rechargable batteries and use alkaline batteries . I admit that I have not tried this yet . It will not change my rating because one pays extra for the rechargable batteries . If this truly is a known fact as the clerk seems to imply , I will not reflect on the ethics of marketing a product where they charge you more for a feature that requires you not to use it for better performance . Overall , a very disappointing experience for a product made by a company whose brand use to stand for quality products .
 Please do n't buy this radio . It 's range is about the same as an FRS and it 's very hard to understand what your partner is saying . I have the T-5200 Talkabout radio wich is a much better radio .
 I purchased a pair of Motorola T5820 radios to keep in touch with my children playing in the neighborhood . I was expecting a high-quality product from the likes of Motorola . Boy was I wrong ! The audio clarity of these radios is terrible ... to the point that you can not understand the other party . Audio quality is muffled , muddy , and distorted . Also annoying is the fact that when you key the mic , there is a slight delay -LRB- ~ 500ms -RRB- before the other radio 's squelch is opened resulting in the first few syllables lost during transmission . Being an amateur radio -LRB- ham -RRB- operator , I am very familiar with the operation of hand-held radios . With these radios I found myself continuously saying `` please repeat ... '' to the other party . Steer clear of these radios !
 I bought a pair of motorola talkabout last year and wanted another pair this year . The reception of 5820 is not clear compared to the talkabout . The volume is not loud enough and there is a lot of static . My friend who bought the same pair had the same problem . Recommend to try other motorola series .
 We have used Motorola FRS 2-way radios for a while and we 've been very happy with them except we 'd like a little more range so I ordered these radios to try the GMRS channels . I carefully read the instructions and my wife and I decided to try them out . We were disappointed because the sound quality is very poor and the range does n't seem to be much better if it is better at all ! . It appears that the speaker in this radio the problem . When listening to the old radios to someone using the new radios , the sound quality is good but when listening on the new radios -LRB- The GMRS radio -RRB- the sound quality is very poor and we are repeating our messages a lot . We might try to use them with earpieces to see if we there is any improvement in the sound , if not we 'll try to return these radios.Don ' t by these radios unless you want to repeat every message several times !
 The other reviewers are right . The zip format is very convenient . I have been using them for years . I used to mail the 100mb disks overseas in just an envelope without a problem . Very reliable.The 750mb ? Not so reliable in my experience . I had a brand-new Zip 750mb disk die on me in the last few weeks . Within a few minutes , it was so badly corrupted that MS Windows could not format or even see the disk . Hardware failure . Gone was my `` convenient '' back-up . As dead as the disk . And this was not the first one to die on me . -LRB- I am talking about the disk , not the drive . Without the disk , the drive is worthless -RRB- . So I contacted the Iomega support people . Had to call them , because the website support sucks . Very friendly they were , but they would not replace the disk . Never mind that the disk has a five year warranty . No sir . I had to produce the proof of purchase . Well , the 750mb disk format has not even been out for five years , so that request defies logic . Who keeps the receipt for an cheap disk?Suffices to say , this is where my 10 year old relationship with Iomega ends . When I back up data , I expect the media to be reliable .
 Where do I begin to detail my dissatisfaction ? 1 -RRB- The push to talk button is countersunk into the side and takes a HARD push to activate it .2 -RRB- The supposed 5 mile range of these units proved to be less than 1 mile .3 -RRB- The poorly placed volume button was consistently being adjusted -LRB- unintentionally -RRB- by the merest movements .4 -RRB- The belt clips ... . do n't even get me started .5 -RRB- The menu driven controls are counterintuitive .6 -RRB- The ring tones WERE N'T BAD , actually .7 -RRB- The clarity of signal was mediocre -LRB- even within 20 feet of one another -RRB- .
 I used 5320 , 5420 2 miles range walkie talkie before , I have to say they are much better than this 5 mile range 5820 . 5820 does not even go beyond one mile and voice are twisted . very dissapointed at this unit , do yourself a favor , if you need 5 miles range buy a 5720
 We received a pair of the T5820s as a gift . Thought these would be an upgrade to our old FRS radio . It was a downgrade ! The 5-mile rating is a joke . The old FRS radios way out-perform the 5820s , and are more compatible with other radios.Pros : - Locking Menu Button-DurableCons : - Range-Compatibility with other radios .
 I am sorry to say that the range on these even in the 5 mile range is no where near expected . I have not been able to transmit or receive further than 1 mile .
 I have been using radios for severals years for traveling and other general purposes . These radios are good in terms of range and features BUT the speakers are poor and have to repeat messages often because of poor sound quality and poor volume . In a mall or anyplace with background noise , forget about hearing your call . Count on the flimsy plastic swivel clip breaking and having to purchase decent belt clips . Have been through this twice . Earlier Motorola FRS radios were great but it 's been downhill . -LRB- no difference between FRS and GMRS really -RRB- Try the Cobras w / compass and other stuff - they are slightly larger but the sound quality is great .
 Several problems : Both of the battery covers cracked soon after I got them . Design flaw in the coverSecond , they do n't work farther than 20-30 feet . Using a friends to debug , one of them does n't transmit well.they 're old enough now Motorola no longer offers support on them , repair or replace .
 This thing stopped working after 3 months . I called and they offered nothing in the way of customer support . There was nowhere to take to get it fixed . IT would n't have been worth the money . It was fine WHILE IT WORKED !! but that was n't for very long . I guess it 's true what they say , you get what you pay for .
 I bought a similar KLH 10 '' 120W subwoofer at a garage sale for $ 25 . Thought it was worth the risk . It was n't . Has the same problem many of them have with a bad amp , probably caps many talk about . What really prompted me to post though is I 'm pissed at having to hassle with the cheap wire connectors . I tried using 14 gage but the connectors ca n't even handle that . Plus they are spring loaded which makes connecting both wires a huge hassle . I had to strip and twist the wires several times apiece to even test the unit out . How much would a decent wire clip add to the cost ? It did have lights on the bottom where they are not needed though . Got the woofer to work for a few minutes then it died out . Sounded OK but not hugely better than my SAE towers I got for $ 20 at a garage sale . Basically 2 hours of my time down the drain . Not worth the $ 25 I paid for them.In addition at this time they 've been `` redesignin '' their website so their are no links to any of the subpages that might have been of use , like wiring diagrams etc. . An email plea for help was ignored . No . pdfs can be downloaded.Seems like something is wrong with these guys .
 worst subwoofer ever it hums like crazy you will hate yourself for buying this or any other speakers by KLH . The company is so cheap they do n't know how to make a decent speaker system . I say go with Harmon Kardon or JBL or Polka . Good and not to pricy in my opinion .
 I BOUGHT ONE OF THESE 4 MONTHS AGO AFTER A MONTH IT FRIED ! SOO I EXCHANED IT FOR ANOTHER ONE AND AFTER A MONTH THAT ONE FRIED ________ I WILL NEVER BUY A KLH SPEAKER FOR AS LONG AS I LIVE !!!!!!!!!! _________________
 I bought this subwoofer about a year and a half ago . For that time it worked great until just recently . The sound was clear with a bunch of power . The other night I noticed that the area near it smelled `` hot . '' I immediately unplugged the unit and noticed a black liquid/goo dripping out from under the amplifier . It concerned me that if I had n't noticed the problem when I did , it could have started a fire . I have written to KHL to see if this was just a defect in my unit or a product defect . I will post their response here . Until I found out this could be a serious problem that needs to be looked into .
 Just like so many other people have reported about KLH subwoofers , mine just burned up . 6 days after the warranty expired - figures . My whole house now smells likes burnt hair . I never pushed this speaker ; it just died from a congenital defect . Bad amp design = early death . The repair cost is more than the unit 's worth so this one goes to the landfill .
 I purchased 2 of these subs at Costco for -LSB- ... -RSB- eack ... they looked good . One minor problem , however ... . they both blew up -LRB- music stops , 60 Hz humm , then smoke -RRB- after a few hours of use at moderate , not even loud volume . The fuses did not blow , the internal heat sensing thermistor didnt do its job , so now both of the amps and the woofers are fried . The humm is now prsent whether the amp is turned to on , auto , or off . Any speaker input or line level input to the unit makes no difference . The only way to prevent complete meltdown and possibly a house on fire is to unplug the unit . there are no obvious fried/charred components on either circuit board . What a total waste of money.This should be a class action lawsuit ... every one of these subs apparently do this sooner or later . Nice quality control , KLH .
 I bought this in April after getting a pair of KLH `` twisty '' speakers . It ran fine , sounded great and then blew the fuse.I replaced it and it ran fine for a couple of hours , then blew again . Replaced the fuse after checking cable , settings etc.It makes a loud humming noise even without anything hooked up to it , and the heat sink on the amp section gets VERY hot . Wo n't buy another KLH powered sub again .
 I have one of these . It only hums but wo n't produce sound . The problem lies with a resistor that is undersized -LRB- cheaper -RRB- which blows and blows the power supply capacitors which are not exactly robust either . I would hate to think that KLH used substandard components to save a buck max at the expense of having most of these fail . It is all the more damming if you note that most of them make it through the warranty ... barely . Best to pick a different brand . I would not have rated it one star if it was possible to rate it none .
 I bought a ASW10-120 a couple years ago & never abused it ever.It worked fine for a couple years & I was a happy customer.The other night , something inside failed , and the sub-woofer started cranking out a 60 cycle hum at full volume.This thing was rattling the windows & freaking out the pets loud.Thank God I was home , or the neighbors would probably have needed to kick in my door to unplug it.I was going to locate a schematic online & fix it , but after a little research , there are too many reports of these units burning up or melting down . It appears that anyone who uses one of these is putting their families safety at risk . Look online , there are several horror stories.Mine is going in the dumpster right now .
 I bought this SW about a year ago , AWESOME bass ! I was very impressed with its sound quality . I compared it to much more expensive subs and found that the ASW10-120 outperformed them all , BUT ... about 8 months later , it fried . It was on a 100w receiver that barely got turned up beyond 1/4 volume , but yes , occasionally it got cranked . So I took it to and electronics guru friend of mine who looked it over and and stated that the amp was built with inferior circuits , and that to rebuild it with quality circuits would be worth more than the ASW10-120 if it were brand new . My advise
 Everything said about the hum this sub makes is true . Contrary to what was said by this `` Audiophile , '' the hum is indeed coming from the cheap amp . I know , I disassembled the sub . You can hear the hum coming from the transformer . When the amp breaks down , you will also hear the hum much louder , > With no audio connected < . Mine fried too . It is a defective board , you can see the resistors melted . And yes , it smells like a burning cat when it goes . The heat sink is on fire . I thought about repairing the circuit board , but I figured I 'd repair it and the bad design would fry it again.When you also have this fried amp , and want to try to salvage the box , you can take it passive . I 'm pulling out this cheap chinese toaster and putting in a passive sub crossover . Of course , I got the whole thing for free . I gave it 2 stars only because I got a decent driver and box for nothing.Interesting , the outside of the sub says Made in USA . But , when you pull out the amp , you find out the guts were made in China . The future of US craftsmanship ?
 ... This makes a terrible humming noise . I tested the driver and it 's not it . I think the amp adds distortion to the signal . KLH needs to stick to speakers , not amps ! Avoid this !
 I bought this subwoofer about a year and a half ago . For that time it worked great until just recently . The sound was clear with a bunch of power . However , the other night I noticed that the area near it smelled `` hot . '' I immediately unplugged the unit and noticed a black liquid/goo dripping out from under the amplifier . It concerned me that if I had n't noticed the problem when I did , it could have started a fire . Of course the warranty has expired -LRB- go figure -RRB- . I have written to KHL to see if this was just a defect in my unit or a product defect . I will post their response here . Unless I find out that this was just a problem with my unit , I would avoid this product at all costs .
 Right out of the box , the machine was missing the zigzag presser foot . I called Brother and they said I had to contact the retailer . When I finally got the foot , the machine was inoperable . I never even got to sew anything ! I purchased a Singer 1507 and I am very pleased .
 This machine is a nightmare , it is hard to use for my mother who is an experienced sewer and has been sewing since her 20 's and sews very often . The machine is lacking in many simple thing such as the fact that the thread guide in step 4 does n't stick out of the covering and so you have a hard time threading it , the needle threader instructions are n't clear and we still have n't figuredout how to use it , and the presser foot is just simply slid on rather than screwed tightly and so it often falls off if you move your hand over it while trying to thread the needle . This is so cheaply made and not at all user-friendly . It 's a waste of $ 100 . At least if you buy it at a proper store , you can try it out and have someone show you how to use it before you buy , by ordering online , you do n't know what your getting nor have anyone to show you how to use it .
 We ordered 7 of these machines for our school sewing class , and each machine is in use approximately 1-2 hours per week . Upon receipt , one of the machines would not work , and we received a replacement . We have now been using the machines for about 6 weeks , and have consistently had problems with the bobbin casing dislocating and causing the needle to jam or break . The sewing instructor , who has extensive sewing experience , used the word temperamental to describe them and said that they are a nightmare for the frustrated students attempting to learn to sew . They were reasonably priced , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 I 've had this machine little more than two weeks , and every day I run into some sort of problem . For $ 100 you ca n't expect great quality , and you certainly do n't get it with this machine .
 I bought my cartridge for the first time on the net , at Amazon.com rather then best buy to save a whopping 10 dollars ! I purchased the same ink ribbon I ususally do . Shoul last 50 8 X 10 sheets . I printed 14 sheets and THE INK RAN OUT ! incuding shipping I paid over 42 dollars !!!! THis website is selling a defective product !
 I never received this product . It was delayed sooo much that i have to reject it finally after waiting long . it happened couple of times for same product . I have been trying to get this product -LRB- S-Video to RCA cable -RRB- from amazon since 2 months but couldnt.Thanks , ravi
 The cord serves it purpose well , but there are some major malfunctions . First the pros . The picture quality is GREAT . Bravo . Sadly , the sound has major problems . There will be lots of static that appears randomly throughout viewing . I thought it might be the TV , but the static expresses itself on multiple TVs . I also know it is not the computer because i plug in other speakers and the sound is fine . This leaves me with one big problem with the cord , any time I want to watch something from the net on my TV , I have to expect to not be able to hear certain parts and put up with the annoying static .
 After almost two months , I got my money back from buying a 27 '' montor from Samsung that was broken on arrival . A long story made very short , I got the worst customer service imaginable and will never buy from Samsung again .
 Bought mine from Amazon 3 years ago . I love the size and the perfect pixels.The power supply failed after a month . Samsung service botched the repair ticket - they closed it without doing anything . The executive relations department was helpful in getting it sorted out . They even cross-shipped a replacement monitor so I would n't have to wait for round-trip shipping.The replacement monitor has now failed . -LRB- It 's lost sync , so the green image is way out of alignment with the red and blue . -RRB- I spent an hour text `` chatting '' with a support person who was friendly in a glacially slow , robotic sort of way . The support bot tells me that Samsung ca n't repair this monitor . They 've run out of repair parts and do n't ever plan to have any more.I 'm not surprised . Read the reviews and you 'll see that these things have a terrible failure rate .
 I bought this monitor and it broke after 18 months . They asked me to send it back for repair . They make you pay for postage . They sent me back a refurbished one that did n't work at all !!! I called and they said they would send another one . I did n't hear back for two weeks and called them to see what is going on . They said they had canceled the shipment ! I said why . They said they do n't know but that the way their process works is that they ca n't talk to the exchange department directly . Apparently they send an email to them to get a response . They said they should hear back within 2 business days and they would contact me at that time . Again nothing happened . So I called today to find out what is going on . They finally told me that they do n't make that particular model anymore and that they would issue a refund once I send the defective monitor back . In the mean time , I have n't had a monitor for over 3 weeks ! I had also bought a big screen LCD TV -LRB- 60from Samsung . That broke after 1 year and they said I would have to have someone else take it off the wall for their repair person and then have it mounted again myself . This is the lamest excuse for a company . I would never buy another Samsung product again .
 I have owned this monitor since February 2009 , it was all good and dandy until it broke a week ago , not what you expect from a $ 1,258 monitor , unfortunately I did not read the reviews on this site about this monitor , only the good ones that appeared on C-Net -LRB- Back then , because now you can read many disenchanted buyers whose monitors broke even earlier than mine -RRB- otherwise I certainly would not have purchased it . STAY AWAY FROM IT , DO N'T BUY IT IF YOU WANT TO SAVE YOURSELF THE HASLE OF HAVING TO DEAL WITH SAMSUNG CUSTOMER `` DISERVICE ''
 I bought the Samsung 305t plus monitor a little over 2 years ago from Amazon and it worked just fine . I loved it , and it was an amazing monitor for the cost . Last month however , I got the pin stripe line issue mentioned in some of the other reviews here . It was all down hill from there.Called up the customer service line , and got an RMA label , printed and shipped it for service . It was still under warranty so no problem . 2 weeks later I got back a refurbished replacement . The replacement monitor had a glaringly obvious dead pixel in the middle of the screen , but I was willing to ignore it . The monitor was also glossy instead of my the Matte display I had purchased . Again , I was willing to ignore it . However , 2 days in , the monitor started to flicker and the image got all distorted.Once again , called up the customer service line , and got an RMA label . 10 days later I got back a refurbished replacement . This one is matte like my original , and no dead pixels that I can spot . However , I just un packed it and placed it on my desk and it is crooked . Yes , crooked ! I have a piece of cardboard inserted under the base to straighten the screen . I am debating whether to send this monitor back once again , and I probably wont unless the screen itself starts to misbehave again . I 've only been using it 20 minutes since un packing it , so I have not ruled a screen issue out yet.They wont ship a new monitor to me before I ship the one I have back first . So I have to live without a monitor the whole time.My mistake was buying a samsung product . I have bought a TV from them before as well , and it broke down on me 2 years in as well . I believe there is currently a class action lawsuit in progress against them for that TV model.Regardless of whether this monitor 's screen acts up or not , and whether I live with a crooked monitor , I paid over 1300 dollars for this monitor and this is not the service I expected . I am never buying another samsung product again , and I recommend you do n't either.UPDATE
 I bought this monitor about a year and a half ago and it 's worked fantastically . Then a huge colored rainbow stripe showed up in the middle , I called warranty repair and they sent a pre-paid UPS label , but I had to pay UPS to package it because I had no box for it -LRB- 50 bucks ! -RRB- About a week later , I got the monitor back and the issue was fixed . About 24 hours later , a new problem arose and the monitor started flickering and strobing and showing distortion . I swapped cables and restarted the monitor , my computer , and everything else I can think of . I tweaked settings , nothing helped . I had to call and ship it back AGAIN.So now it 's back after the 2nd warranty repair , and after exactly ONE hour , it started flickering and strobing again . I 'm on my 3rd call and I 've requested a full exchange instead of repair . They informed me that because it 's not `` new '' that they will only exchange it for a refurbished one . So now they are shipping THAT one to the UPS store where I can go swap out my current broken monitor for that one . Let 's hope that for round Three that it actually fixes my monitor . From the other comments I can see that I 'm not alone with these issues.I love the monitor but due to the frequency that these problems have happened with other people and my CONTINUED problems , I ca n't honestly recommend it to anyone . Support HAS been helpful and relatively fast , but 3 times is too much . -LRB- let 's hope it 's not four or I 'll just have to ask for a refund , which sounds like a nightmare -RRB-
 Seriously , do n't buy this thing . I 've had 3 . I bought two for a multi-display set up and they both died within a year . Samsung replaced one and it died 6 months later.Update
 Unfortunately , I bought this monitor in December 2008 . By July 2009 I had flashing lines across the entire screen . There were no replacement units available so I sent it in to the fixed . Samsung could n't fix it in August 2009 and quickly approved a refund for the $ 1,200 I paid for it from Amazon . Great , I thought.It 's December 15 , several calls to Samsung , and no refund check . Lots of excuses on why it has n't been processed . Based on the many responses here , I doubt I 'll ever receive the refund . I 've had Sony products in the past and they always resolved problems with service . I 've bought two Samsung monitors and other Samsung products , but I doubt I 'll ever buy one again . I simply ca n't believe a company can be this corrupt to drag out a refund with apparently no intent of ever paying it .
 The color is good , but they generate a ton of heat . And , I am on my second RMA . Lines and static in the pixels . Not recommended .
 -LRB- update 2/23/2010 . . Samsung states this lcd is no longer being manufacturered there were too many failures apparently -RRB- This is my first posting of a review . I purchased thru Amazon the Samsung 305T 30inch monitor 10/10/2007 . Initially , the color was terrific and I was very happy . On 4/24/2009 -LRB- 17months -RRB- the monitor began to flicker and it had strange colors . To Samsung 's credit they immediately cross shipped me a replacement monitor . That monitor failed on 2/10/2010 -LRB- 10months -RRB- . This time they told me a cross shipment was not available and to send my monitor to their authorized repair center for the West Coast `` Amkotron Service '' , which I immediately next day did on 2/12/2010 . UPS gave me a signed proof of delivery that Amkotron Service received the monitor at 8:36 am 2/12/2010 . Three days later I called Amkotron and they said they had no record of the monitor and no service was scheduled ... so it was either lost or stolen , of couse they suggest I did n't send it to them , and I quoted the UPS tracking and proof of delivery to them . They said they would get back to me in two hours . Of course they did n't . The next day I called them again , same answer no record of my monitor . So I called Samsung , they said they too had proof of delivery and would send an email to Amkotron . No answer . So this sequence continued for the next five days . Call Samsung , repeat the whole story , put on hold , line went dead , call back , wait 20 minutes , repeat the story , etc. . It is not clear to me that the 305T is still in production , it may be ... I have Sony products for example their largest TV and it has n't failed in 26 years . Judging by the number of similar stories and complaints I am not alone . Bottom line , the monitor looked great right up until it failed , and then failed again . Samsung customer service is unbelievably bad , and god help you if your monitor fails . My suggestion , if you want a 30 '' monitor is to buy Dell with their cross ship warranty . Failures happen , it is how the manufacturer responds , how they honor their warranty and repair otherwise kiss your money good bye .
 I had the same monitor `` dying '' experience as some of the other reviewers.Screen suddenly started flashing one day and the whole thing went dead.Returned it for repair and Samsung kept me in limbo state for the last 3 months.The process went from repair - > exchange - > refund state after hours spent withconfused reps. It seemed that the process is designed to wear the consumerout , with multiple departments passing the buck.Today I was notified that my refund has been canceled without any reason.I have to call back in a few days to find the reason for the cancellation.Will never buy Samsung again . I have already bought my TV from them , and it isa nightmare to think what would happen if it went dead like the monitor.My only recourse is the small claims/consumer court if they cancel my refund .
 I was going to buy the Apple 30 '' but after reading the reviews I chose the Samsung 30 '' . The first one I received did not work out of the box , I called Samsung they said it was a defective monitor , send back . I returned it back to Amazon and Amazon sent me a new one . The second one does n't work either . I called Samsung again and again they said it was a defective monitor . Sorry Samgsung I wo n't be buying your products again .
 The monitor performed ok -LRB- not fantastic but acceptably -RRB- until one fateful morning when it started to flicker . The flicker would stop after a while -LRB- once it warmed up -RRB- . Over the next couple of weeks it ended up being unusable . . it was strobing very badly . This was 14 months after the original purchase and the unit comes with a 4 year warranty , so I called support . THe first call to support ended up with them issuing me a ticket and a UPS label , but when I got the information email from Samsung support with the details they had gotten my name wrong -LRB- spelling error -RRB- , my address wrong -LRB- not even close to my address -RRB- , the details of the issues it was having were incorrect and the information sheet they sent me was in french -LRB- I 'm an english speaker -RRB- . After 3 additional phone calls to support they finally got my information correct and I had approval to drop off the monitor at the depot -LRB- I chose this method as their repair depot was only a 15 minute drive from my location -RRB- . At first attempt to drop the monitor off at the depot they refused it , saying they did n't have authorization for this monitor to come in to them for repair . I returned home and called support yet again . It took 3 days to get things sorted out -LRB- along with an additional call to support after the 3 days as they did n't `` get back to me '' as promised -RRB- . This time the depot accepted my drop off of the monitor.The website never got updated with any of the information on the status of my repair -LRB- which was listed as an exchange since day 1 on the website but the phone support folks insisted that it was not set for exchange but repair -RRB- . It turned out that the repair depot could n't get the parts needed for the repair and at that point nothing happened . . they did n't flag it for exchange , they did n't enter the information into their system.A subsequent call to support , in which I was put on hold for almost 20 minutes , ended up with them telling me that it had in fact been approved for exchange and that the depot would be contacting me directly within 24-48 hours to arrange the exchange . A week went by and no contact so I called support once again . This time they told me that they had actually changed the ticket/transaction number because they implemented a new support system and that I would receive contact from the support department within 24-48 hours along with a status update on the monitor . No contact was made . A week later I phoned back into support and was told that the department that handled these types of callbacks were actually all in a meeting currently and that they would have to call me back within 24-48 hours . Another week goes by with no contact.I call support once again and speak to a support rep who tells me that it takes a MINIMUM of 4-6 weeks for an exchange to be processed within their system and that I should n't expect any contact or updates in the interim . At this point I 'm irate as I 've been without the monitor for almost 3 months and I tell them that this is an unacceptable level of support for a professional product and ask to speak to a supervisor . They tell me that they can try to find a supervisor I can talk to , but they will tell me the same thing . I opt to stay on hold for 15 minutes while they do find a supervisor for me to talk to . On to Teir 2 support ... Well I have to say that Tier 2 support handled this much better than any of the Tier 1 folks did -LRB- not surprising -RRB- . They apologized for he run around and asked for me to hold for a few minutes while they do some investigation . This time it truly is only for a few minutes that I 'm on hold and they come back asking if they can call me back as they want to further investigate and possibly involved some Tier 3 support reps. I 'm dubious that they will indeed contact me as i has n't happened yet , but reluctantly agree . They do in fact call me back within 15 minutes and give me more detailed information . The details follow :1 -RRB- the support request as handled by the first rep was not done correctly . The monitor should not have been sent to the depot it was who only deal with consumer products and not 30 '' monitors . This is why they were unable to repair it and this is why they have no stock to do an exchange .2 -RRB- ALL of the information I was given by Tier 1 support in this entire matter was incorrect .3 -RRB- the Tier 3 support person -LRB- known as JP -RRB- wants me to wait another few days to see if the depot can get any stock for an exchange to be sent to me -LRB- given that they supposedly never handle this type of repair that 's doubtful to me -RRB- . If this does n't happen within a few days the Tier 3 support person will supposedly issue me a credit -LRB- and from reading how that goes in the other reports here I 'm not looking forward to this -RRB- . This credit would be good to take to the original place I purchased this item -LRB- a brick and mortar chain near where I live -RRB- . I explain that they no longer carry this monitor and what would happen then . They say that they will find a retailer outlet that has them in stock and issue me a credit to purchase on there . I then ask why they ca n't just ship me one from a different repair outlet or from repaired/refurbished stock elsewhere ... and they inform me that their `` new system '' wo n't allow this option.I 'm now going on day 110 without a working monitor and awaiting to see if a miracle happens and within the next few days someone somehow finds a replacement that can be sent to me . I 'm not holding my breath.Long story short ... these monitors appear to be lemons , they do n't last the 4 years they are warrantied for and Samsung ca n't seem to handle the backlog of repairs on them . AVOID LIKE THE PLAGUE if you rely on your monitor actually working and/or any kind of decent experience with support or the actual repair or exchange of this product . I have a LOT of Samsung hardware throughout my house but after this experience I think that when upgrading any of these Samsung will be on my `` do not buy '' list . My time is valuable to me and this is one of the worst support experiences I 've ever had -- and being an IT manager I pretty much deal with support people for a living , so that 's saying something . If I could give it zero stars on this review I would . # Edit
 Broke after two years . Repaired under warranty . Broke again in a year while two months out warranty . Paid for repair and shipping . Monitor came back with terrible diffranctions , garbage colors etc. . I 'm not even sure they sent back my monitor , instead they sent probably somebody else 's trouble.Time to put Samsung on the no-buy brand list .
 The monitor looked great and worked fine for nine months . Then out of the blue , It now flickers and has horizontal flashing white lines . Now that I look for those reviews ... I see several others have had the same problem . I have confirmed it was the monitor and not the computer and so I will contact Samsung tomorrow . I hope the other reviews about how bad their customer support is were exaggerations .
 i bought this two years ago and was very pleased with it until it started showing green shadows . then i entered repair hell , thanks to samsung 's local repair people Amkotron . short story
 This monitor worked like a champ for a couple of years , then out of the blue , horrid blotches in the screen , aqua and pink . Made the thing useless . I paid a grand for this thing , a grand . I feel like I 'm gon na scream !!!!!!! Never , Never , Never again will I buy another Samsung Monitor.I knew I should have paid more and got the Apple Display . I 've owned many Apple products over the years , and have never , never , ever had a single issue . I 'm typing this on a 2007 MacPro right now that has worked like a champ , and I can still get a grand for it today !!!!!
 I read the other reviews about this monitor breaking after a year , took the risk , and hoped it would miss me , it did n't . Once the warranty ran out , the monitor `` broke . '' By `` broke '' I mean it does n't work 100 % of the time . The monitor screen will go black and then come back . Sometimes the picture is normal , the other times it looks like static noise . Some times it will do this three or four times in a row , with me hoping it lands in a non-static noise state . It 's random when it does this , sometimes it will do it every 10 minutes , maybe once a day.When it works , it looks nice . However , for the price , and the low quality of this product , I would avoid purchasing this product.This , along with my Samsung TV randomly turning off , has cause me to avoid Samsung products .
 It worked great - until untimely death.First , screen started to flicker slightly.Then a wide band of vertical lines appeared . Each line ~ 1 pixel thick , different color.Disconnected monitor - it still shows same band . 305T cycles thru basic colors when disconnected . And I still have Dell LCD around which is fine after 4 + yrs.Got replacement in about 3 weeks . It died after a week - suddenly it started blinking with thin vertical color lines .2 nd replacement works so far -LRB- 4th month now -RRB-
 Short version : More than two months after Samsung received my broken monitor they are shipping it back to me IN THE EXACT SAME CONDITION , and I will have to wait until a replacement unit is available . I have no idea how long that will be , or if they even intend to honor their warranty . If I had not called and nagged them FOUR TIMES they would have quietly left my monitor sitting on a shelf forever.Short version resolution : After about 3.5 months , about a dozen phone calls , and a very polite notification that I 'm seeking legal counsel , Samsung sent me a check for the full amount I paid . What a wretched support set up . I loved that monitor but It 's going to take a force of nature to make me buy Samsung again . I am still pursuing my complaint with the BBB and I recommend you do as well if you dealt with this same bs.Longer version : After a year my monitor started striping and eventually the entire picture went bright green . I called tech support and after convincing them it was n't the video card or computer they emailed me a UPS label and said the shipping and repairs were still under warranty so it 'd be free . So far so good . I dropped about 40 bucks on packing material and a big box and shipped it out , receiving a confirmation email that it was received on Feb 22 , 2010 and the monitor would be fixed in 5 days -LRB- I assumed this meant I 'd have it in a month , giving Samsung wiggle room for being a big , inefficient corporation -RRB- . Well , it 's April 27th and this is my fourth call to customer support . Every representative sounds very friendly and extremely concerned about my plight ... and I still have no monitor.The latest customer support rep said the name `` Americatron '' or something like that , so apparently Samsung farms out the repairs to a really crappy 3rd-party company with an office in southern California -LRB- relevant because they wo n't answer calls from Samsung after hours -RRB- . The monitor this replaced was a 21 '' CRT I used for EIGHT YEARS . So far I 'm completely underwhelmed with the quality control and customer service . Just a bunch of runarounds . If I do n't have a monitor on my desk in about a month I 'm going to consult legal counsel , which I 've never done in my life , but this is ridiculous . I have no idea if they even intend to give me a working monitor or are just walking all over me in really polite shoes.Supposedly after I receive my busted monitor I can open a case to exchange it for a new one and that will take 5-10 working days . If that 's true I 'll update this review . I highly doubt it based on other people 's reviews . # Edit - 5/4/2010Five business days after they claimed they would ship my own monitor back to me `` within 5-10 business days '' I called them back to find out their excuse for not shipping it yet . Seems fair to nag them every few days since leaving Samsung to its own devices results in my monitor gathering dust on their shelf while they laugh and give me the finger . This time they said the monitor had not shipped because they submitted it for an exchange and it was denied for unknown reasons . They are re-submitting it today , and if it gets approved they 're shipping me a new one within ... wait for it ... 5-10 business days.I 'm holding my breath . # Edit - 5/13/2010Still no monitor . I called last week and they told me it had been approved but the process was n't done so it had n't shipped . Today the rep told me the first approval just means the paperwork is in order and it can be sent to the next department that does the REAL approval . That should take 7-10 business days . This should be the last approval needed , though that could be wrong based on the above circus . # Edit - 5/19/2010Still no monitor . This time they said they have no replacement monitors in stock and have no estimated date on when they will . They offered me a refund instead . I requested the details - once I get the electronic receipt they 'll submit it , which assuming it gets approved will take 2-5 working days . Then the shipping of a check will take up to three work weeks . So they 're buying themselves another month , at the end of which I will not have my money or a monitor and have to start nagging them again.I 'm getting a lawyer . # Edit - 5/26/2010It looks like I may actually get my money back from these jokers . I emailed the receipt to them Friday and got a responding email today saying it was received and being processed . I called to confirm what that actually meant and it appears that the refund is approved and I should get a live check in 3-8 business days . I 'm hopeful , but Samsung told me I 'd be getting a fixed monitor back in 5 days over 3 months ago , so who knows ...
 Bought two of these monitors from New Egg in Dec 2009 . on April 8th , one monitor started flashing like a strobe light . That 's when I found all the other reviews with the same issues.This Monitor is excellent.The three year warrantee is excellent.I called Samsung , spoke with a customer service rep , then completed the information on their web page.I uploaded my receipt from New Egg and it automatically generated a UPS ship label for me.Brought it into UPS store , $ 40 to pack it -LRB- obviously , had I kept the original packaging it would have been free , so I ca n't complain -RRB- . They received it on April 13th and shipped it back to me on April 14th . This is not a reconditioned model , it is my same bezel , I recognize a small mark in the monitor from where it rubs against a shelf when pivoting.One day turn around , and back on my computer desk in a week . NOW THAT 's SERVICE !!!! I gave it one star to put this review in with the others of the same rank.Don ' t hesitate . The monitor is amazingly awesome , both for reading CT scans and PC gaming.The three year warrantee was honored without question or hesitation , and there was no wait for arefurbished model , they just fixed this one.Highly recommend .
 2010-12-30 UpdateIt broke again -LRB- 3rd breakage and same flashing streaks -RRB- somewhere in 2010-09 . I called the cuntomer srevice . This time I requested refund . They said they could not . Then I asked to replace -LRB- instead of repair -RRB- . They said they woud do so . Set up exchange place -LRB- I bring in the broken monitor , Sansung delevers replacement unit there -RRB- . It was a UPS store . Sometime in 2010-10 , I brought in and swapped with the replacement . As of now -LRB- 2010-12-30 -RRB- , the unit is up and running . Crossing my fingers . . My advice
 I have had two Samsung 305T 's for almost 3 years now . My first one died about 2 years after I got it and the replacement just died today -LRB- 2 days shy of my warranty expiring -RRB- . I really like the monitor but I have read too many stories that there is an issue with this model . I would stay far away from this and consider a Dell or Apple instead .
 After 1 year of use it started showing green vertical pinstripes on alternate pixel columns.It has been 7 weeks now after repeated phone calls and promised email status updates that never happened . I am finally being told I am going to get a refund - not a replacement or repair . That in itself is unusual , it suggests to me there is something seriously wrong with the product , if they can not or will not repair or replace it . Just yesterday they told me I was approved for a refund , but it may take UP TO 21 BUSINESS DAYS to receive it ! What kind of business takes 21 days to cut a cheque ? I have been a long term Samsung customer , -LRB- Typing this on a Syncmaster 2443 and my wife uses a 216 BW -RRB- but I have had it with them . Ordered a replacement from Dell which I expect will be here long before I see my money back . -LRB- If ever -RRB- It 's cheap and tempting and looks great up until it dies . Then woe to you trying to get a repair/replacement/refund !
 A fellow professional photographer and I both purchased this monitor . His monitor had black lines appear and after much discussion with samsung was sent a replacement . It had problems out of the box ; I was nervous now . Then after 9 months I just heard a zap sound and it was completely dead . Not even the glow from the power button appeared . I shipped it back , they did email me a label but only after I asked if I was expected to pay for shipping . I was then told they could not repair it nor did they have any in stock ... seems strange . I have now , Nov. 16 , 2009 , faxed my receipt as they stated they would return my cost ... not including taxes , shipping , recycling fees . You fooled me once samsung , never ever again . We 'll see if I get the check or how much time I 'll waste getting it.UPDATE It took over 3 MONTHS and numerous phone calls to get my refund check . I had to threaten to file a legal complaint .
 I have been a fan of Samsung products and own two of their fine LCD TVs . However , my purchase of the 305T in April of 2007 has turned out to be a mistake as they apparently have a defective LCD panel design . Over the ensuing months of my ownership I had to receive an exchange once and a repair on a later occasion . In June of this year , a thin line vertical line appeared on my screen but I thought that I would ignore it rather than go through the exchange/repair process again . However , the problem worsened and I applied for a refund in early August and was approved for the refund at the end of that month . However , that was only the start of a long fight with their bureaucracy . An additional approval had to come a month later followed by a three week processing for that , followed by many more unexplained delays . Over the ensuing months , I made countless phone calls , always to be returned within 48 hours but never returned . Finally , in late November Case Management was in contact with the refunds department but could only tell me that there must be a backlog or something because the refund department had not sent the check but they could not tell me why or when they would ever get around to it . I have since written to Samsung USA and am awaiting a reply from them . Tomorrow will be December and I have neither a monitor or my money back.The moral of this story is that , although Samsung makes good products , this is not one of them . If you 've made the mistake of having bought one , heaven help you .
 Updated
 I purchased my Samsung SyncMaster 305T back in October 2007 from a reputable , massive online retailer . At that time I was trying to decide between competing 30-inch displays from Dell , HP , and Samsung . They all seemed to perform more-or-less identically , for all practical purposes , so I went with the best price , which was the 305T . I have owned two Samsung displays in the past , one still ticking and one inexplicably dying mere days after warranty expiration , so I was 50/50 with my Samsung Experience thusfar . From the time my display arrived until September 14 , 2008 I was ecstatic with the display . Performance was stellar and I had little to gripe about with the 305T outside of a few minor nitpicks.Until ... It was September 14 , 2008 and , without notice , as I was performing the mundane task of reading the morning 's emails , the 305T began displaying thin vertical pinstripes . A few moments later it began a strobe-like , headache-inducing flicker . Just to be certain it was the display I tried it on a second computer , and then with a new Dual-link DVI cable . Nothing worked . The 305T carries a full three -LRB- 3 -RRB- year warranty , and since I was a few days under just the first year I figured Samsung would take care of it in a jiffy , so on October 19 I called Samsung to report the malfunction and Samsung indeed * appeared * to take the matter seriously -LRB- Samsung Transaction # 4002638415 , if anyone from Samsung is reading -RRB- . I was told that they would ship a replacement ASAP to my nearest UPS store where , upon arrival , I could simply bring my faulty unit into the store and physically exchange it for the new one and the UPS store would return it in the box at no charge to me ! WOW ! What a novel solution!Or so I thought ... Over one full * month * passed without hearing a word , so I called Samsung to check on the exchange status , at which time I was informed that Samsung themselves were OUT OF STOCK -LRB- though the 305T was in stock at every major retailer I checked with -RRB- and they would have to issue me a full refund of the purchase price instead . Well ... I supposed , though it certainly would have been nice if someone had notified me sooner . Samsung then informed me that they would be emailing me a `` UPS Return Shipment '' tag and I was to ship the unit back using that tag . Well , yet * another * full MONTH passed with no tag . I phoned weekly looking for status updates , until the tag finally arrived in my email inbox . That very same day , having long-since packaged the 305T for its return trip , I affixed the label and sent it out -LRB- same day , mind you -RRB- . According to UPS tracking -LRB- and the Samsung website -RRB- Samsung received my defective 305T on 11/17/2008 . I telephoned to make sure Samsung was aware of the received return and requested they hasten my refund , since it had now been TWO full months at that time since initial contact.Well , here we are , Christmas Eve Day , December 24 , 2008 , well over THREE FULL MONTHS and counting , with multiple weekly calls to Samsung 's `` Executive Customer Relations '' -LRB- `` ECR '' -RRB- department and we 're no closer to a resolution . No refund , no replacement , no contact whatsoever from Samsung ! They claim that they have everything necessary to complete the refund , copy of original -LSB- . . -RSB- -LRB- who , by the way , refused to publish my somewhat negative review so as not to affect sales -RRB- purchase receipt , returned unit , all paperwork , etc , but they have no idea why the refund is taking so long -LRB- their `` refund department '' is completely separate from their `` ECR '' department -RRB- ! They have my $ 1,200.00 , my defective 305T , and conservatively 7-8 full hours of my time -LRB- getting through to ECR takes ~ 20 minutes per call , plus another 10-20 of being put on hold to `` check '' for various things -RRB- . So , I make my way to good , old Google to see whether I am an isolated incident or have fellow miserable Samsung `` customers . `` UGH ! My heart sank.It would appear that my experience is not atypical , but rather seems to be the standard approach of Samsung when dealing with warranty service , exchanges , or refunds . Most people wait and wait and wait and may never receive either an exchange or a refund and are left with a defective , * in-warranty * product!I 'm not a negative reviewer . I 'm not a hot-head . I truly try to find an amicable resolution to all problems or conflicts . This is why I waited until CHRISTMAS EVE -- over three -LRB- 3 -RRB- full months -- before reaching a point where I felt compelled to respond publically.Samsung may make nice products , while they work -LRB- my upright Washer/Dryer are also Samsung from 2007 -- now I am worried -RRB- , but if you value any support I can not stress enough how imperative it is to avoid a company that conducts themselve in an egregiously disreputable manner ... Samsung .
 Update
 Correction . This gets zero stars . I loved this monitor . I wrote several positive 5 star reviews about it . Then it broke with a bang and a flash , right in my face . I called Samsung right away . They said a repair guy would come out to fix it . After 4 days with no contact , I called back . They said no one will be coming to fix it . A replacement will be sent to me and I have to mail the broken one to them to them . I waited for the replacement unit for two weeks . I called Samsung . They said no replacement would be sent . They want to issue a refund . They said it would be a 4 days before I get a shipping label from them , and then after they receive the broken monitor , 21 days before I see a check . I asked to speak with someone in case management . They said it would be sometime next week before they call me back . Incidentally , my 5 month old Samsung 42 '' plasma TV also broke . A local contractor did come out to service it right away , but never again will I buy a Samsung . Their stuff breaks , and they do not live up to the warranty as described in the manual . THE WORST SUPPORT IN THE WORLLLLLLD !!!!
 I purchased this monitor in July , 2008 and was extremely happy with it but then in September it malfunctioned and had a white vertical and horizontal line that would not go away - even with no input . I called Tiger Direct -LRB- Amazon third party merchant where I purchased it -RRB- to get it exchanged or fixed but since it was more than 30 days they sent me over to Samsung for warranty support . That 's where the nightmare begins . At first they said they were going to send me a replacement . This went on for several weeks , then they said they were out of stock and suggested I request a refund . After 6-8 phone calls and various complaints another 6 weeks went by I finally got an RMA and sent it back to Samsung . They received the defective display on November 17 , 2008 . After another half dozen calls to Samsung Executive Customer Relations I still have not received a check as of January 29 , 2009 . I was told it was in the wrong queue and it still has n't been approved for refund yet . So this has been going on now for 41/2 months ... It 's a great display when it works but I will never buy another Samsung product . Stay Away . Buy a 30 '' display from Dell , HP , Apple , but not Samsung . Zero Stars ...
 A fine monitor , but ... Mine stopped working after 9 months . Waited 2 months for a replacement , only to be told that they had no replacement units in stock . That 's right
 The monitor worked fine for 16 months . All of a sudden , vertical white lines appeared in one third of the screen -LRB- the right side -RRB- , and after three weeks , the white lines where all over the screen . If it ca n't be repaired or changed , I 'll have lost USD$ 1.2 K.
 I 'll make this short and sweet . We bought the 305T 30 '' Samsung display as a good value -LRB- or so we thought -RRB- . It lasted just over 4 years and is no longer repairable by a Samsung service center . At our company we have not yet had a LCD completely fail like this . It flickers badly . Others apparently had the same experience so we will not continue with Samsungs products . What a waste of $ 1200 .
 I bought three of these monitors and arranged them in portrait orientation on a stand -LRB- looked something like a bay window with 3 panes -- it was a killer setup -RRB- . I was playing online poker professionally while working in research and needed to be able to run a lot of tables at once . They were also pretty awesome for all purposes but particularly multitasking . The picture was amazing and the resolution was sharp . Colors were accurate and they were excellent for photo and video editing.Although the monitors were of excellent quality while they were functional , they unfortunately broke one after another with the last one going down roughly three years after purchase . They all displayed the horrible vertical pinstripes , varying degrees of associated flickering , and distortion of colors with the vertical lines . These problems are the same ones mentioned again and again in reviews for this product . After shelling out more than one grand for each of the three monitors and taking great care of them , I sit here three years later and I have no properly functioning monitors left whatsoever.I had been of the opinion that samsung products were excellent and was planning to buy one of their LED TV 's , but after my experience with these monitors I have some serious reservations about buying anything from samsung in the future . When I bought these monitors , there were good reviews because the picture quality on arrival was second to none . Like others , I loved them when they still worked . The reviews are now horrible since my monitors along with those purchased by everyone else out there have all broken . If even one of the three worked today it would be nice , but I had to get a cheap viewsonic 27 inch monitor and paying about 250 because that 's all I want to risk -- I could not stand making another big monitor purchase and getting shafted like this again . I caution you ... take note of the many reviews that say this monitor will break . If you buy this monitor it 's only a matter of time before you 're doomed.I probably should have given 1 star instead of 2 , but it ca n't be denied that these things are totally badass during the brief time they 're still functioning .
 I bought 2 of these things and have had them running side by side for just over 3 years . Great monitors with good clarity and brightness.And then , like in most other reviews , they broke . Both of them.Just a couple of months after the 3-year warranty ran out , the first one started flickering and displaying pin-stripes . I 'd struggle to look at it for more than 10 seconds without having a seizure . Tested with other cables and computers , but it was dead.Now , I thought this could just be bad luck and ordered a new HP ZR30w to replace the diseased Samsung . However , this had only just arrived , when the other Samsung died on me displaying exactly the same symptoms . We are talking weeks apart!So obviously this was not bad luck . These monitors are not built to last . I do n't expect 20 years out of a monitor , but six or seven , or even just five , would be reasonsable , I think . With Samsung , you are lucky to get 3 ! Will obviously not buy Samsung again . Will see how my HP does and look into Apple for a replacement of my second Samsung fatality .
 I took great care of this monitor . Only used it 2 or 3 days a week and i never left it on just `` running '' . I kept the brightness down to preserve the lifespan , not that it did any good . I 'll never buy a samsung product again . Almos 4 years to the day after i bought it new . And then all the sudden i started getting a green cast and flickering bands of color . Hard to belie i paid $ 1,230 . for this piece of crap .
 Same problem everyone else seems to be having here . This monitor is awesome , until it is n't . I was working away one and ... bam ! The monitor started with the seizure inducing flickering and pinstripes . I bought it around 3 years ago , so hopefully I am still under warranty . Where 's that receipt , though ...
 Looking at the reviews and problems people have had with this monitor - I sorely regret that the feedback was not yet available when I purchased a pair of these babies . Mind you they were great while they worked - and then 3 weeks ago - one of them developed the `` flicker of death . '' Samsung sent a RS UPS label - I paid $ 40 to have the monitor packed and off it went . I have yet to receive it back . Today the second monitor developed a similar problem - color shift and flicker . So next week I will have to pay another $ 40 to pack the second one and send it back . At least Samsung picks up the tab for shipping both ways . Reading the horror stories , I am less than optimistic about getting these back in good working order.I took a look around the Amazon site and saw that there are many Samsung products with issues and many complaints about Samsung customer service . I sent a letter to Jeff Bezos suggesting more advocacy on behalf of Amazon customers when dealing with companies that do not treat purchasers well . BTW I have never had an issue with Amazon - they are a pleasure to deal with . I will add to this review as the story unfolds ... UPDATE : I ended up returning both Monitors for service under warranty - since they both went bad right near the end of their 3 year warranty . It turns out that Samsung was great ! They paid for shipping in both directions and both monitors were repaired and returned within 2 weeks . So despite my pessimism things worked out far better than I hoped . I am glad because there are many Samsung products that I covet and now I am much more comfortable with the idea of purchasing them .
 I do not rate this product at all , as it does n't come with Vista drivers and does not work reliably -LRB- if at all -RRB- with XP drivers under Vista.I have tested the hardware on another computer with XP , and it seems fine . But on Vista I get conflicts with other devices -LRB- eg WiFi , USB Controller -RRB- , obviously caused by the lack of a proper Vista driver.I am using a Sony Vaio VGN-SZ38 -LRB- similar to SZ360 , etc -RRB- with Vista Business .
 There is no support for 64 bit Vista . By no support I mean - no driver available on their web site - no information about when it might be available - no response to numerous messages sent to tech support.Save your money and buy something else .
 There are no driver windows VISTA ! When I called and talked to Delkin they told me that they do not have estimate on when one will be availible . The XP driver will NOT install because it uses and temp directory that does not exsit on VISTA . Next I tried un zipping the XP driver manualy and install the drive myself . This worked for a few photos and then hung the machine.The short story here is if you have VISTA DO N'T buy this card ! It would n't work until they write a new VISTA driver and they do n't seem to care about it . They offer no work around , no beta and no date that it will be fixed .
 While product promises you Vista compatibility unfortunately its driver hungs Vista machine.Second disappointing thing is Delkin Support , which stopped responding to me after I showed them that their driver has compatibility issue . They never replied to any of my next mails .
 The product was only average and the delivery was comparatively expensive and slow . I was installing a new Tv over the fireplace and because of the questionable quality I returned the product . The customer service was poor and worse their restocking fees resulted in me receiving only half of my purchase price back ! So shoppers beware and use another vendor if at all possible!On a good note - the product writer really did well making an average product sound impressive.Run forest run ! To another vendor that is cause shopping with these guys is like a box of chocolates . You never know what you 'll get .
 The ad says for aa battery packs but battery pack that comes with this is the size of 3 AAA batteries . I have a 5700 and 5400 series walkie talkies and they both take AA batteries and they have this unit listed as working with these walkie talkies
 I purchased this product after confirming from Motorola Talkabout website -LSB- ... -RSB- that this cradle charger is compatible with MT352R ; but it is not !!! It is actually an upgrade kit for lower end talkabout products.I ca n't return it as I 've taken it out of country.Anyhow , the MT352R comes with a wall charger ; so , this becomes a cradle-stand .
 This product did n't work for our radios when it said they would in the discription . . The seller quickly took care of my claim and all was well ! Just wish they would have worked . . My 8 yr old was disapointed . .
 Do they still make these ? Folks , you can not `` split '' a video signal without having issues . If you have one of these and it works , then you have a miracle . I ca n't tell you how many of these I 've thrown in the trash at some customers site because of all the issues they create . You need a VGA DA to properly `` split '' the VGA signal , or a VGA card with multiple outputs . Avoid these type of devices like the plague .
 Instead of allowing me to use both my monitors , it mirrored the image and did a sub-par job of that . Not much more to say , could be useful in some cases .
 I 'm sure the device does a good job . But what is not clear is that the double screens are duplicates of each other so the only reason to get this is if you want someone else to see what you are up to remotely .
 I bought this for my laptop so I can hook up two external LCD monitors -LRB- using one as the primary and the other as an extension -RRB- . Well it did not work . The image on both were the same . Why would I want to hook up two external monitors for a short-distance that display the same image ? What makes things worse is that the brightness on each monitor is diminished by about half which make it hard to see clearly . I hope Amazon will clarify or change the description of this product and allow me to return it .
 This splitter will indeed split an image but if you plan to use a higher resolution such as 1280x1024 , the problem is that the image on both monitors turns out dim because it simply splits the output from the video card without any sort of amplification . It would have been nice to know that before making the purchase . So if dim images are your thing then this is the product for you . Otherwise steer clear .
 Spend an extra couple of bucks and get a splitter that is powered . Otherwise the picture quality is compromised on both devices .
 Just to clarify this does not actually split your video as in creating a dual or extended monitor . If you are trying to use two monitors and want to be able to display two different images on them then this is the wrong product . I tried this on my PC and even if it did do the job of splitting the video the resolution was awful . I 'm going to try the SEE2 USB 2.0 To VGA Ext Video .
 I split the signal between my monitor and an LCD projector in my classroom attached to a 20 foot cord . The quality on the monitor become too poor for me to use . The brightness decreased and there was a ghosting or double vision kind of effect on the monitor . Our tech guy explained that you are splitting the quality of the signal in two .
 When I plug the second item in to the y-splitter both screens fade to be almost unreadable with faint moving lines running across the screen . As soon as either the monitor or projector is unplugged it is fine . I will be returning this item .
 Using this splitter caused my monitors to flicker non-stop . Maybe I just got a defective item . I do not recommend this as a splitter .
 I plugged this splitter into my brand new Dell computer.After it was plugged into both screens , they both had lines that made viewing unacceptable . I am now going to try a splitter with a booster for more money . You get what you pay for .
 This is the cable I supposedly purchased , but the one they sent me looks nothing like the splitter pictured here . The one they sent is like a small brick with two VGA ports and a single wire that connects back to the computer . I do n't care much about aesthetics , so this really did n't bother me . The product , however , appears used . There is some kind of oxidation around the plugs . This would be bad enough , but it gets worse . The most irksome thing about the cable I received is that it causes the monitor to display a fuzzy double image unless there is a device attached to the second port at all times -- horrible . Perhaps if they 'd sent me the cable that is actually described and pictured here , it would n't have this problem , but I would n't know . Given the low purchase price of this item , I did n't even try to get a refund or exchange . But let me offer a word of advice to anyone considering buying this junk
 recieved this splitter had a pin missing did not work ! ordered a splitter amplifier instead .
 i bought this product over amazon and gave it a try . for the price of the product and shipping , it came to a little over 12 dollars , not a bad price , but it was a bad product . one of the pins was broken and missing and there was a fuzzy image on my monitor . it 's not all that great .
 I plugged it in and both my 23 '' HD monitor and my 42 '' HDTV . They came on at 1024x768 resolution , with a max of 1660x1024 or something like that . The option for 1920x1080 was n't even listed and my monitor showed up as `` Generic PnP Monitor '' . Absolutely would not allow me to change it , even updating drivers . So , I had to plug my monitor into my PC directly , as before , and forget about splitting the signal to two monitors . Oh well , guess I need to buy a video card with 2 outputs . Live and learn .
 It 's good for one , but when I plug in the the second monitor , one of them starts to freak out . I do n't recommend this item .
 Built well , but to much flicker and flutter.Tried a few different hook ups but stick flickered.Oh well in the electronics junk box
 I hoped this was an easy solution for using my projector with my computer , but all I could get was half the image projected . I then hoped I just got a bum item , so I returned and exchanged for another one , but with the same results . The computer monitor image was fine , but I tried everything and could only get the left half of the image to project . So I returned and got a refund . I did notice that there were only 14 pins instead of the usual 15 . I do n't know if that had anything to do with it . Guess I 'll look around for something else .
 I do n't give many bad reviews , but I will in this case . I bought two of these batteries at the same time . One went south in about one month . The other lastest about 6 months . I do n't know if they were old stock or Motoroal knock offs . I would not buy them again . Two stars is generous for this battery .
 I really dislike most of these packs . I have gone through several sets and even went with another brand once . None of them have the life span that the manufacture claims . It is one of those , if you need them , kind of things . In other words , if you need it for your radio get it , it not leave them alone .
 Batteries sent would not fit my Motorola . They looked identical but were slightly larger ... . one digit off on the motorola part number ... . I ordered the right ones but was sent a very similar substitute . It was not worth the time and cost to try to send back what they sent , and try to get what I needed .
 I bought this Metra dash kit for the installation of a Kenwood KDC-HD545U CD receiver in my 2001 Sentra . The color , texture and shape of the plastic face blended well with the rest of the Sentra 's dash , but the rectangular opening was misaligned with the receiver unit by about 3mm vertically , making it impossible to mount the detachable faceplate.I suppose I could take a knife or a file and trim off 3mm of plastic from the bottom of the opening to make the faceplate fit , but why should I have to do that , especially when the Scosche installation kit that I subsequently ordered from another vendor managed to fit with the opening lining up perfectly with the receiver ?
 Bose has designed a system which probably costs them less than $ 400 in parts to build and retails them for close to $ 3000 . Yet consumers still buy into this . Incredible.Bose has made a name for itself by aiming its advertising towards consumers with little or no knowledge of audio equipment . It sells speakers and systems like this that are of poorer quality and absolutely worse performance than its competitors . I know , I owned several Bose products for years -LRB- 901s , 301s and 201s -RRB- until I began to learn more about audio technology and quality . I was literally blown away by the quality of commonly sold Polk speakers when placed next to Bose products . Polk is n't `` cutting edge '' but builds a decently designed product for its price point.I recommend that you look at other products here on Amazon . There are several Pioneer , Sony , JVC and Kenwood DVD/CD players and A/V receivers that are offered for less than $ 500 combined who VASTLY outperform Bose.As for speakers Amazon carries Polk , JBL and Wharfedale ANY of whom offer loudspeakers with substantially better engineered insides . Most important of all these speakers sound heads and tales better than Bose for around $ 250 to $ 1000 . Bose is a testament to the power of advertising over product . In many ways it is a fascinating company whose products are based on late 1960 's theories of audio using tweeters and woofers that Radio Shack parts outperform -LRB- this is n't a joke but has been measured several times by audio enthusiasts -RRB- .
 I was really let down by this toy . Bought this for my 10 year old son . It never worked very good . We could never get it to really focus on anything . My son tired of it very quickly and it got junked . I think it would have been worth investing in a pricier model .
 I gave this as a birthday gift but apparently something is wrong with it because the light does n't work . I am having my husband try to fix it because it 's too much of a pain to have to send it back .
 I 've been `` saving up '' and buying Christmas presents all year . Bought this as a Christmas Present for my son back in September 2008 . It has been in a box in a closet till today , Christmas . We do this to make it possible to do Christmas WITHOUT credit cards . Well , today my son opened it and the lights DO NOT WORK . Big disappointed ! Amazon tells me we have passed the `` return window '' so we can not return it and it is junk . Lesson learned , to buy bigger items locally .
 I purchased this cable to use with aPanasonic MXE CQ-C7203U CD player with MP3/WMA playbackhead unit and a new ipod . Imagine my surprise that the newest iPods are n't supported ! Older ipods connect just fine , but when you attach a 5G nothing happens at all . This fact is not shown on any website , and I had to go through two levels of Panasonic tech support before I could even get a straight answer from them.The cable itself is plenty long enough and very sturdy - if you have a 3G or 4G ipod , I 'm sure its a great buy . Unfortunately , if you 're planning to buy a new ipod , or you already have a 5G ipod video , you do n't have a panasonic head unit in your future .
 I wasted a lot of time and effort trying to get this thing to work with my 5G Video iPod . I returned it and got the new Panasonic cable designed for the the 5G Video iPod , which , lo and behold , works great . Do n't bother if you have a 5G iPod .
 I am giving this product 1 star due to the incapacity of the VHS player . I had it less the 24 hrs and it would not eject the tape that I and the family was watching . I called Samsung Corp. about this problem , and they told me I had to pay for the maintenance because they sold an expired warranty . I bought one from NEW Companies , but they would n't accept that warranty . This is the last product from Samsung , that I will ever buy . The price alone on this product is exaggerated because the product do n't live up to it 's potential . And plus it is supposed to be brand new/remanufactured . I 'll stick with my Panasonics , or Sony 's from now on .
 The unit is obviously reconditioned and does not have all features of the original unit operational . Many CD 's will not play on this unit but do play well on another DVD player which is very basic . This purchase was a mistake on my part but it plays commercial DVD 's and tapes plus home recorded tapes .
 Did n't work right out of the box . So , I asked for a refund . I was leery about buying refurbished and was correct .
 I write this review to share with potential buyers a bit of false advertising on the part of the vendor . This item will NOT accommodate 1 Double DIN unit of Toyota Celica model year 2000 and up .
 did not fit in the lighters of two different vehicles . had to take it apart and file down the plastic .
 blew the first time I plugged it into the car and plugged in two devices .
 Like the previous reviewer said , the device plugs do n't stay in the sockets.Mine stopped working after just a few weeks . Called technical support , who asked me to send it back for replacement . Maxell does not provide return shipping . Not worth the hassel and mailing cost . Have to buy a new one , but this time wo n't be maxell.BTW , only 90-day warranty .
 Unfortunately this product has poor outlet jacks . Any thing I plug in it pops out . I think its not deep enough or locking ring .
 I bought this item because I wanted it fit tightly in the power outlet . It does . I wanted to use it to plug in my SIRIUS Satelite Radio . I get no electrical connection to the radio while holding the plug in . When I release the pressure on the plug it pops back out about 1/4 '' . I really wish that I could use this thing . It 's a good thing it did n't cost very much .
 I ordered this adapter to use in my new Toyota Camry . The plug is too tight to fit into the sockets in my car . I forced the adapter into the socket in the dashboard and when I tried removing it back , it did not come out of the socket . Instead , the socket broke from the dash and the adapter came out with the socket and the wires from back damaging the dash.I have not had any problem with the car 's socket . Infact I have been using the connectors in my GPS and Radar detector without any problem.Don ' t damage your car buying this cheap product .
 I got it for my BMW 5 series . The unit would n't properly power my Garmin Nuvi 680 , and prevented the data services unit in the Nuvi power cord from functioning properly . My cell phone power adaptor also did n't work . Both units worked fine when plugged directly into the car 's power receptacle .
 Summary
 I BOUGHT THIS ITEM FOR USING IN MY HONDA CAR . BUT I AM NOT ABLE TO GET POWER . I CONTACTED THE SELLER . HE IS NOT GIVING ANY PROPER ANSWER RATHER BLAMING ME . AND ALSO HE IS NOT WILLING TO TAKE IT BACK . SO I JUST STUCK WITH THIS ITEM AND UNABLE TO RETURN BACK .
 May be a good product , but it would not even fit into my '08 Hyundai Sonata .
 I would n't recommend this product . The device plugs do n't stay in the sockets . I have had bad luck with this one and would not purchase it again . The previous one I bought from Radio Shack was better .
 I liked this a lot in the beginning but the construction is not all that great and in less than 6 mos it died - would not buy again . also bit bulky in the car .
 This dual car adapter worked for about 2 weeks . Wish I had trusted the previous reviews .
 I purchased this product to take with me on a road trip so that I could plug in 2 items . The springs inside kept pushing the plugs out so that it was unusable .
 I was looking for a car Y adapter for the cig lighter so I could hook up a radar detector and a GPS unit . This seemed to fit the bill , however the adapter does n't hold the plugs too well and both small and large plugs would pop out of the adapter . Sometimes plugs would pop out of the adapter from the car hitting bumps in the road or whatever and it would disconnect devices . All in all , not exactly what I was looking for as it could not get a secure grip on the power cables plugged into it .
 So disappointed . I did my research and read reviews on this product . I was taking a 1300 mile trip -LRB- CT to FL -RRB- with my family and needed it for a few TV 's for the kids and our phone charges . Some of the plugs would n't stay in and it popped the fuse half way down to FL . All the time i spent researching and getting this for my trip and it was a total waste .
 It blew the fuse within a minitue of plugging my laptop . I do not advocate
 Tried this product in 4 cars - Acura TSX , Audi , Oldsmobile mini van and Saturn SUV . The only car it fit was the Saturn which unfortunately was my brothers car . So basically this was a waste of money . I thought this would be a standard product to fit a standard socket but apparently not .
 Good binoculars , poor camera . The camera takes all pictures at 1/30 of a second at f2 .8 , which is too slow for the magnification of the lens . The pictures are soft , dull and without a tripod mount fuzzy . Mine is going back ...
 My Celestron VistaPix stopped working shortly after using it . It could be something a simple as a defective on/off switch . Unfortunately , I did n't start using it soon enough to stay within the warranty period . I made a poor choice to buy this item which at best is a novelty . The power source , 4AAA batteries , is an inconvenient and relatively expensive power source . I can not in good conscience donate it , so it will be discarded .
 This product is junk . Wound n't use the directions to wipe my rear with . Cheap plastic . Rear mount does not work -LRB- atleast in my dash -RRB- . Had to cut bottom of original radio and use orignal mount . Is only sturdy because of the extra bracing I put in . Not a very secure mount with this kit . Would not use at all but , car was apart so had to make work .
 I just received this kit as the recommended by Amazon for a 1995 Honda Civic . The first thing I notice on the manual is the Civic application , years 1996-1998 . Seems to fall just a big short of 1995 , the last year of the model . I would have known this if there was a way to check the year and model vs. the kit ; instead of a generic Honda 90-00 ' description .
 PURCHASED KIT FOR MY CIVIC ON WED SEPT 24TH 2011 THEY SAID IT WOULD SHIP ON MONDAY AND NO RESPONSE UNTIL WED SEPT 28TH SAYING THEY WOULD SEND TRACKING INFO AND NO RESPONSE ... ITS OCT 1ST AND SENT MULTIPLE EMAILS . . DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THESE GUYS THEY ARE TRASH ! SAVE YOURSELF THE TROUBLE !
 I purchased this in hopes of making the installation of my car head unit easy but alas nothing usable in the kit so I just threw it in the trash where it belonged
 Fit for my 97 Honda Accord EX was a `` close but no cigar '' fit . Cheap plastic offers marginal support . I used this to mountPioneer DEH-1300MP CD Receiver with MP3/WMA Playback and Remote Control . You may have to disregard the instructions and play with some of the parts to get things to work depending on your stereo .
 This does not fit my 1997 Honda CRV . From looking in the manual the part needed is Metra 99-7893 one number above this one .
 The book inside the bag was correct.The parts inside the bag did not match the book.The book drawings would have worked.So I bought one off of Ebay and it was correct .
 Bought this since it was supposed to fit a 1995 Odyssey . It did n't fit . Huge disappointment , but at least I was able to secure it with cable ties . Cup holder wo n't go in now , so I 'll be looking for a different dash kit down the road . Otherwise , it 's a mediocre quality dash kit . Make sure you read the manual for the correct dash kit model , or you 'll end up cutting tabs you should n't .
 This product is completely made of plastic and the mounting harness does not fit the factory set bolt holes . There is no way to attach it securely to the center console . This product was returned
 Who ever made the decision to package the kit inside of a plastic bag made a terrible blunder . It arrived broken ! No one should ever put such of a flimsy fragile piece of plastic in a bag and ship it across the country ! -LRB- seriously this thing feels like it would be easier to break then a china tea cup . -RRB-
 This is advertised for use with the 1998 Honda CR-V . There are several tabs used to lock the frame in the console . Some tabs need to be removed , based on the car model . Directions indicated that 2 tabs needed to be removed and 4 were to stay . All but 2 had to be cut out to fit properly . It leaves the stereo vulnerable to theft . Other modifications were required to secure the stereo . Other than that , the directions for removing the old stereo and disassembling the car 's console are outstanding .
 i bought this product because it stated it would fit my 1998 civic , it did n't because it is a dx model . this was not stated in the review . my installer said i should have checked with the manufacturer of the product to make sure it fit my dx . Luckely he had the proper kit to install my pioneer unit the right way .
 I was told this would fit for double din 98 Acura CL will not fit to Boss audio unit help ?
 The sound quality is decent for the cheap price , and the volume does get loud -LRB- although with a little bit worse quality when loud -RRB- . The speakers have a strong toxic smell -LRB- from the cloth covers -RRB- that does not go away .
 I had to return these Creative Labs Inspire 245 Multimedia Speakers . I have to say that Amazon was very quick with processing the refund . As all us know , you get what you pay for . The speakers squeaked and scratched but did n't produce much noise beyond that . I would n't waste my time or money these again . Thumbs down !
 Bad sound . A waste of money . I wanted to use them for hearing Sype , and everybody 's words are muddled .
 For speakers this inexpensive , it 's hard to quibble about sound , yet something 's wrong when even low expectations are n't met , especially given the many positive reviews here.If you lived in 1910 , these would be the world 's best-sounding speakers . It does n't take a genius to see the problem with that statement . No bass , too much midrange , not enough treble , distortion-prone at even reasonable sound levels , `` plastic '' sounding , and with virtually no controls to alter anything save for the volume , these Creative Labs speakers generate as much excitement as kissing your sister . So rather than go cheap , pay a Hamilton or two more and step into something that wo n't bring you down every time you turn them on .
 Not worth it . I think the issue is with the lenovo parts they are substandard there is nothing you can do to better it .
 Lenovo claims that this battery provides up to 5 hours of battery life ... How about just 3 hours ! With light to medium use -LRB- no more then 2 programs running -RRB- , the battery provided only 3 hours of time on a Lenovo Vista notebook . Disappointing !
 I got this at a great price several months ago , and have been using it as a wired router , and was not using the wireless portion at all . Recently my wife got a shiny new laptop , and I decided to set the wireless portion up . The unit worked well enough with encryption disabled , but using WPA caused the laptop to fail to get an IP address using the DHCP server about 90 % of the time , and this was five feet from the router . I would constantly have to disconnect and reconnect several times before the wireless would work . The fact that it worked sometimes told me that the settings were correct . I dumped this unit and replaced it with a D-Link , and my wife can connect flawlessly every time . Save your time and money , and pass on this turkey . Because it works OK as a wired router , it gets two stars .
 The unit does what it 's supposed to and for a non tech person it was easy enough to set up but there was some problems getting the correct configuration initiqally which was very frustrating . I had a standard ADSL modem supplied by the provider and then decided to `` upgrade '' . I never had connection problems with the ADSL modem , now I get disconnected continuously and have to reconnect or reboot my PC . I would not recommend this product , there are a lot of good networking products out there , this is not one of them .
 I have it mounted on a wall in my study about 6 feet away from my computer , about 7 feet from my modem and monitor . I did that to minimize the possibility of EMI . My Dell laptop has a new Linksys 2.4 GHz WPC54G notebook adapter . At 6 feet away it has 100 % signal , at 12 feet it has 54 % signal , at 35 feet away it has 18 % signal , at 50 feet way it has 1 % signal and stops working . I have 900 MHz and 5.8 GHz phones . I live in a condo 1335 sq. feet . I did not see an advertised range for this item . If I would have been aware that it has such a short useful range , I would never have purchased it . I would n't buy another one or recommend it . I will wait until something better comes along .
 I have had this unit for more than one year in two different locations and it has been more of a headache than it is worth . It will continuously drop its connections with every device ever connected to it -LRB- be it a laptop , PDA , or Tivo -RRB- and occassionally just stops working altogether -LRB- wired and wireless -RRB- . The speed performance is also extremely disappointing - it is simply too slow for anything other than normal web surfing -LRB- which can become frustrating as the connection drops and reconnects at intervals ranging from one minute to an hour - undoubtedly disconnecting while making a small download or filling out a web form -RRB- . Service calls to Linksys and firmware updates have been unsuccessful in solving the problem . While my problems with the router may be caused by the large number of other wireless networks in my apartment complex , it is , nonetheless , very frustrating - there are definitely more robust models on the market , and the small size of the unit does n't make up for its poor performance .
 -LSB- Updated 2005-09-12 -RSB- : Received replacement ; this time it is working well . Using WPA-TKIP and the connection is consistently 36-54Mbps with either Very Good to Excellent . -LSB- 2005-09-07 -RSB- : After reading some reviews , I decided to get the WRT54GC for 43 % off on Amazon . After receiving it ahead of schedule -LRB- thanks Amazon and UPS ! -RRB- , I was able to manually set it up pretty quickly -LRB- the setup CD does n't really work well and I have noticed that on a number of Linksys routers -RRB- . After using it for 30 mins , the wireless failed . I attempted to get it working again , then found out the wired part failed as well . Could not reconnect , reset button would not fix the issue either.My setup is the following : Verizon DSL Westell modem -LRB- C-90 -RRB- 3 WinXP Pro SP2 PC 's with DHCP on a Netgear MR814v2
 Reason 1
 This is the only wireless router I 've seen that includes no antenna whatsoever out of the box . Without an antenna the range is ridiculously poor . 15-20 feet from the box , through clear air , the signal drops to zero . Even five feet away the signal is less than from my neighbors ' router which is at least 100 yards away . It really is that bad.Linksys sells a range-extending antenna as an `` optional '' accessory , and it costs AS MUCH AS THE ROUTER ITSELF . Selling a product without an essential component and then charging extra -- way extra -- for that component is a classic scam , and Linksys deserves to lose business for marketing this trash.If that is n't bad enough , when I tried to update the firmware the router stopped working entirely . I called linksys tech support and their reset procedure did not work . When it became clear that a replacement was the only option , I went out and bought a Netgear WGR614 which is cheaper , easier to set up , and performs flawlessly.Do not buy this garbage !
 this product has a weak signal and only proforms with in a couple of feet from the router . and knowing this i would have not brought it .
 It works fine as a hardwired router , but wireless throughput is poor . Web pages that display in under a second hardwired can take anywhere from 5 to 20 seconds to display wirelessly . At those speeds surfing is n't much fun . I returned it and replaced it with a Netgear WGR614 , which works great -LRB- and is $ 10 cheaper -RRB- .
 It worked fine for a couple of days , then the dhcp stopped working for wired components , after that the wireless went out , one day later the thing wouldnt turn on and went totally crazy , blinking lights and then powers down . I hate having to go through a painful RMA process , maybe bad luck but I read about several people having the same problem but as well as some people with success .
 I really didnt like this.bec if the security is on , it doesnt work.with out security also it does work sometimes.but not all the time.so fed up with this.no more time to return this.already spent enough time in returning this piece before.this is the secondone I got in exchange with this.no decided not to waste more time.I feel I have invested money on a unworthy thing
 I purchased this to replace an older `` B '' standard router and ended up returning it because the range was n't very good . I had the router upstairs and was getting poor or no signal downstairs . I never had any signal problems with my old router . This product might be ok if you live in an apartment or one story house . It is compact and looks good .
 I had a Belkink wireless and sell it to buy this one ... bad choice ... only four days I could use it . I 've downloaded the latest firmware from Linksys webpage and did n't work . . the router freezes and is not working.DO NOT UPGRADE THE FIRMWARE
 yeah , it looks nice , but in my experience ... it does n't work the way it looks.after 1 week , the router stopped working . i had to reset it over , and 2 weeks later ... it stopped working completely . i 've tried resetting , but that does n't really work . also a few of the settings are n't very convienent.overall , it 's a pretty nice looking but bad functioning router .
 I bought this a few months ago . It has no range whatsoever . It only really works in the room where it is placed . If I move rooms or stories within my house , I either get no signal or one that is weak and intermittan .
 Very poor range and barely makes it through more than a single wall . Configuration pages are buggy as well .
 I strongly suggest you buy the Linksys WTR54GS instead of this one
 This antenna-less model just does n't transmit adequately . My two PCs are only some 20 feet apart , with a single wall in between . The signal ranges from barely usable to unusable . Even the expensive addition of an external antenna -LRB- which completely negates the savings for this model compared to the next-most expensive model -RRB- only brings the performance up to satisfactory.Harry
 I recently bought 3 WRT54GC and brought them to South America . I experimented several troubles working with my brand new gateway laptop so I decided to run in depth trouble-shooting myself as returning the items is not viable for us . We found that the problem was when using the wireless function of the router . I run several tests but the analysis that we made using ping-plotter was that the wireless links has several real important problems . When you ping the gateway -LRB- router -RRB- from your wireless connected device very rarely the one that answers is the cable modem or even the ISP router itself . I tried with some of my clients -LRB- I own a VoIP company -RRB- and thesame trouble with ADSL . I do not complain for the willing tha linksys support has had trying to help me . I have done everything they have said but apparently there is a problem with the hardware or maybe the firmware but they say they do not have more devices experimenting this same issue ... the truth is I see another buyer having the same trouble . What the user sees or experiments is poor wireless connectivity . The wired `` part '' of the device WRT54GC works just fine.I suggest you buy a router with more time on the market ...
 In theory , this would be an excellent router if they would fix the existing issues.Wifi signal strength is not too great . If you buy the router buying an antenna is a must , but then again it seems this router is more designed for being portable and not to feed internet to your whole house . There are MANY MANY existing issues which have not been resolved in firmware upgrades , even Linksys site has the issues listed yet has not put out a new firmware in well over a year . Yet they recently put out a firmware for Britain which fixed the issue with connections being dropped . Even then , this router randomly drops connections after a few hours , VPN through this router is nearly impossibly if you need to use your connection for more than 10 minutes . And what takes the cake is that a simple firmware update bricks the router , amazing . Between this and the rest of the Linksys routers I 've owned , I 'd say Linksys is going downhill with the crap they 're pushing out . Coming from someone who used to swear by Linksys , thats pretty bad .
 I had to send this product back because even after spending six hours with tech support , the router still did not work properly.The router comes with an CD `` wizard '' that 's supposed to configure the router for you automatically . Unfortunately , the wizard could not detect my internet connection -- even though the connection worked just perfectly when I plugged my DSL modem directly into my computer.There 's also a downloadable program at Linksys 's website that 's supposed to auto-configure your modem . That program is not compatible with this product.Also , I had to set the router 's IP address to 192.168.2.1 instead of the standard 192.168.1.1 because of the model of DSL modem I have . That 's not particularly difficult , but there 's no way to know that you need to do it other than trial-and-error with tech support.I did finally manage to get an internet connection -- a blazingly fast one , too . However , some websites simply refused to load , even though they worked fine when I tried plugging the modem directly into the computer.Also , one of the programs I use requires that you manually open some ports on your computer . This was impossible for me to do -- even though I followed all of tech support 's directions to the letter , it still did n't work.In the end , it just was n't worth the hassle . There are plenty of other products available .
 This router has to be one of the worst . I literally have to reset it everytime I need a wifi connection . Would not recommend to my worst enemy !
 I was using this with a DSL connection . Whenever I power of the DSL modem and power it on again the wireless router stops working . I have to try very hard and weird procedures to make it work . In the wireless connection the connection between the router and my PC is fine but the router does n't talk to the DSL . If I do wired connection from the router then it works fine meaning that the DSL modem is fine.So there is something wrong with the wireless with this router . I update the firmware but it still did n't help .
 You need to be a technical guru to install this product . You also better not call Linksys for their technical support because it stinks . They ca n't help you what they advertise - printer and file sharing . You are on your own there .
 I WOULD GIVE NEGATIVE STAR IF I COULD.This is the worst router I ever uesd . The first day I got it , it broke down . It stop working every few seconds ! Yes , every few seconds . You even can not surf the internet , since it disconnected constantly . And when disconnecting , you even can not connect to the router.Nothing good except it is small ang ugly!TRUST ME ! DO NOT BUY IT!AND I WILL NOT BUY ANY LINKSYS PRODUCT AGAIN.THEIR SERVICE SUCKS TOO .
 Bought in December 05 for it 's size . Thought my intrnet connection was slow until I researched the problem . Spend the few extra dollars and get the WRT54G full size router .
 Nope . This router is a joke . When I use a Peer to Peer type software to download various goodies from the internet the rotuer would lock-up after short period of time . The CPU in the router can not handle the 250 simultanious Full connections Linksys is rating the router as being able to do . I believe that it can barely handle 10 much less 20 simultanious TCP/IP connections . The Support from Linksys was no help as they kept trying to have my change the MTU value on the router . When I question them on just how the MTU value would affect my connection stability they could not provide me an answer . Since Cisco purchase Linksys the quality of their product has gone down hill . Older products receive no new Firmware updates ; only product revisions . The Helpdesk Team has been outsource to a Third world country where English is not its native language , and they take away the jobs from good honest Americans . Off of the soapbox now . I returned the Rotuer to the place of purchase and am going to auction it off on the Internet to re-coop my purchasing costs . To wrap up , DO NOT BUY LINKSYS . But buy Cisco if you can afford an Enterprise solution .
 This wireless router does not have adequate range to use from a downstairs pc to an upstairs laptop . The directions provided did not give hookup directions when using DSL from Bell South.Compact Wireless-G ModelWRT54GC
 Having used many Linksys products for many years I have to say that this router is really crappy . Ca n't handle many wireless and wired connections at the same time and then freezes so you have to unplug and replug the power connector
 Worked for about a year for me . Range was low without any separate antenna . Range is average with antenna . Interface is pretty simple for networking VPN and games .
 I bought this model about one year ago , and had very hard experience on it . Yes , it is compact and looks cute , but that 's all . Because of the size , it comes with only an inner anntena . The signal is very poor and my Thinkpad always got discoonected in my bedroom , which is only 10 feet away from the router and there is no obivous obstacle between them . But my thinkpad works well in other wireless networks . Disconnections happened very often . I have three laptop in my home , two Thinkpads and one DELL , none of them can work well with the router , it was hard to get an IP when two laptops were working together . Now I 'm using another router which is also made by Linksys , but it is very stable and I 'm happy with the new one .
 Usually I 'm okay with Linksys routers , but this one gave me lots of problems when I tried to customize it to my liking . I quickly returned it for a WRT54G and have never been happier .
 This is my 4th wireless router , and I continue to be amazed that these products are not tested by the manufacturers . The connections appear to be OK after 1 day . I am VERY , VERY familiar with computers and networking so configuration is not an issue for me although these devices are very primitive . The main beef with this is that this is a 1.0 product -LRB- 1st firmware release came with it -RRB- . The 2nd firmware revision did not fix the problem with the static DHCP that I was having . Do n't you think they would test this stuff first ? If your needs are primitive and you do n't know what you 're doing , you may be tricked into think this sleek device is OK .
 I wish I could say something nice . I love Linksys and this box is cute . Everything works great except for the fact that it will not obtain an IP automatically from my cable modem -LRB- Toshiba PCX1100U -RRB- . India 's tech support is useless and helpless . Too bad , back to the store ...
 This would be great except for the three-show-stopping problems that I 've had with it :1 -RRB- My first unit was mostly dead on arrival some of the leds would light up , but not all the right ones . I could plug in my PC and have that LED light , but it would n't be able to see the unit or get an IP address from DHCP . The power LED also always remained dark , although the unit was definitely getting power .2 -RRB- My replacement unit was like a sluggish monster waking up . IP traffic routed through it was taking about 4 times longer to get through . I went from a 1.2 MB/s to .3 MB/s connection . Something definitely was n't right with this replacement , as I was about to see ... 3 -RRB- Finally , I woke up the next day to the smell of burning silicon . Yes , and it turns out my personal home router was producing this smell , lights off . It did not turn on when I cycled the power . It had burned itself out in the night . What , too many packets to handle?All in all , I do n't think I 'll buy Cisco/Linksys again . My old D-Link is remarkably solid .
 I am deeply disappointed in this router . Its physical link is fine , but its wireless capabilities are horrible.It does n't have a long range . Two regular walls will kill the signal . But what really pissed me off is now quickly this router crashes and needs to be reset . The actual router does n't crash , but the DHCP server does . Your laptop will take whole minutes trying to get an IP address , but eventually fails at obtaining one . No IP , no connection.It will crash like this once every 2-3 days . Horrible compared to the other Linksys , Belkin , and sadly even Netgear and D-Link routers I have used which have uptimes in the weeks if not months.If you just need a simple router that you do n't mind restarting every 2-3 days , then I suggest getting a cheaper router . If you need something more , I suggest you spend a bit more and get a lot more value for your money.In case you are wondering , my best router so far has been a Linksys WRT54GL with the custom Tomato firmware . Uptime close to a year with 4-5 wireless computers continuously flipping on and off line over the week
 I picked this router up to replace my old Linksys 802.11 b setup . The WRT54GC promised to be faster , and had quite a bit more flexibility when setting up wireless and firewall security.Well , the flexibility is there . It 's a nice setup , with plenty of configuration options . And as a wired router , speed is excellent.But the wireless transfer rates are abysmal . My file transfer rates are less than a third that of my old 802.11 b hardware . That obviously means there 's a problem somewhere . I doublechecked every setting , upgraded the firmware to the newest version , and even checked my pcs to make sure the problem was n't with them . And yes , the pcs are using 802.11 g cards . I checked everything possible . I 'm an IT person by trade , so I 've got a fair idea of what I 'm doing . None of it helped.Range also seems considerably less than that of my old 802.11 b hardware . However , given the transfer rates -LRB- bad whether close or far from the router -RRB- , it may just be a related issue to the speed problem.I can only conclude that I got a defective or damaged device . Which is a shame , because aside from the wireless transfer speeds , it 's an extremely compact , powerful little router .
 I have had varing levels of success with the WRT54GC in the past . They are better off for limited use as they are not stable for extended periods of time . I use them because of their compact size , it fits nicely in my laptop case . Then I end up giving them to giving them to my co-workers or friends and then i have to get another . But this time I have received a dead one . This one powers up but it does not establish any links wifi/etho . I am waiting on a return .
 Item was purchased as NEW . . arrived on time but ca n't use it . It came without antenna or start up disk.Waiting for authorization to return .
 Scenario 1
 Out of the box , this router looks impressive . Slim , compact , and aesthetic.However , after setting up the device and connecting , I have noticed the device frequently drops connections . This happens at least twice every half hour . So often that I am going to return this item.Bottom line - it is unstable , unreliable , and needs refinement.There is a reason why it is on sale and has a rebate available on it . Sale execs know that the only way to move this item off the shelf is to entice buyers w / a special . Knowing that most of the sold units wo n't be returned -LRB- due to the hassle of it -RRB- , they are willing to gamble that they buyer will give up on it.Buy the regular WRT G router . It is a bit more expensive , but it is tested and proven .
 Works fine if you do n't use WPA . As soon as I enabled WPA , it will crash every few days and require rebooting . Google it , I 'm not the only one . -LRB- If you do n't know what WPA is , learn - unless you do n't mind people stealing your internet and passwords . Do not use WEP -RRB- Now , what to do if you already have one ? It seems to be the DHCP server that crashes . Here 's a workaround
 I had a bad experience with Linksys WRT54GC . It does not ask for Service name in pppoe configuration and if your ISP requires it , you r screwed . The only option is to replace router with a different one from Netgear or Dlink . All other routers ask for Service name except Linksys . When I contacted technical support , they told me that the only option is to buy a new router from a different company or tell my ISP to change their configuration so that there is no need to enter service name field . They are adamant on not upgrading their firmware to include Service name field in pppoe configuration .
 Trim little unit if all you want is basic connectivity.HOWEVER if your needs extend at all beyond that , you will be better served with something else.Example
 Its a great router and it looks nice , but that 's about where it ends for me . I liked the small footprint this router made and I thought it was time to upgrade from my siemens 802.11 b router.Big mistake . The range of this router is so poor that you will need to buy an antenna to even make it to the other other side of a 2 bedroom apartment . Why this did n't come with an antenna to begin with is beyond me.Stick with a router that comes with 2 antennas . This one was a waste of money .
 This router worked pretty well until I tried to update the firmware to solve some connection problems I was having . Unfortunately , the update failed somewhere along the line -LRB- it appeared to be complete , but never came back to life -RRB- and now it 's a brick . There are numerous posts on Linksys ' forums and other places around the ` net from people having the exact same problem . I 've tried all solutions posted to Linksys ' knowledge base and those suggested in forums with no solution . Ultimately there is no solution and if you 're beyond warranty , you 're stuck . WARNING
 The market has moved on . However , I just threw two of these routers into the electronic recycling bin , so I 'll use the occasion to warn anybody looking at picking up one online.The name of this product implies that you get the reliability and performance of the WRT45 in an compact package . Not so . The box itself is attractive and fits neatly on a desk , but the wireless signal is weak and the response of the unit somewhat slow.The first unit I bought began to fail intermittently after about a year . I bought another to replace it and it bricked immediately upon installing a firmware upgrade -LRB- which I was hoping might solve the performance problems with the earlier unit -RRB- . There are numerous messages in the tech boards about the firmware upgrade problem , though nothing obvious on the vendor site . I set the thing aside , dreading the battle with tech support . Finally , I just threw both of them away .
 I bought two of these . The first one bricked after a firmware update failed . Another one bricked after normal use about 2 months after the first one died .
 Very disappointed with the product . The installation software is not compatible with Apple -LRB- despite claims to the contrary on this website -RRB- and while the customer support people are willing to help , they offer the disclaimer that they do not support Apple systems . Installation was long and tedious , the range is extremely limited -LRB- even in a tiny New York apartment the signal fades if I take my laptop two rooms away -RRB- and the router seems to require frequent , time-consuming restarting . The whole process has been a pain and has made me reconsider having a wireless network . I can not recommend this product for use with any Apple computer .
 The title of this review sounds like a cliche , but it is all true.After had some bad experiences with dlink wireless -LRB- DI524 -RRB- router , I decided to go with linksys , which turned out to be even a bigger mistake . At least the dlink router is still sort of working while the linksys died the day after I purchased it . Here are the highlights :1 . the shipped firmware is version 1.2.05 , which limits the PPPoE -LRB- your DSL -RRB- username to 22 characters . With companies like SBC , this may not be enough to hold your username -LRB- mine is 24 -RRB- . So the only way to solve it is to upgrade the firmware to 1.2.08 which specifically targets this issue .2 . The upgrade of firmware is very fragil . I was upgrading the firmware and then all of the sudden the connection from my computer to the router dropped . Then the orange light started to blink and I realized the firmware upgrade failed .3 . According to the user 's manual , a firmware upgrade failure can be recovered by using the tftp program and following the PDF instructions that `` came together with your downloaded firmware '' ... but there was no tftp.exe , nor any instructions . I finally found their tftp.exe from linksys FTP site , and tried , but it did n't work at all .4 . Linksys tech support is the worst . Most tech are foreigners and with heavy accents . the line is very busy and I was put on hold for 45 minutes before getting served . After the lady who answered the phone made me repeat my name , address and phone number and router model three times -LRB- she kept getting the numbers wrong -RRB- , she started me with a census 2006 survey
 This wireless router worked OK at start . It had some quirks getting an IP through DHCP from my ISP -LRB- Comcast -RRB- . I tried to upgrade it to the latest firmware to try to fix that . The upgrade failed . I spent 2 hours with Linksys support and they concluded that the product was gone . They promised me that upgrades were succesful all the time . I returned the product , not wanting to deal with it anymore .
 Do not even try . The router by itself gives a poor signal , and adding a high gain antenna -LRB- HGA7S -RRB- does not improve the signal gain yet all . It gives me a total upset and ruins my values .
 This router is a piece of garbage . The wireless range seems good but for some reason its very slooooooooooooow . But what 's far worse is the buggy firmware . Certain features - like static IP and port forwarding - do n't work at all , and the firmware does n't always like to save your changes when you make them.Linksys 's much-touted 24/7 tech support is staffed by idiots.Check out dslreports dot com for more information on this abysmal product before you buy .
 For some reason sometimes this router gets into a loop when I try to connect my pocket PC . I have to unplug and plug the router again in order to fix the problem . I have had no similar problems with other wireless-G Broadband Routers .
 First of all , let me say I 'm not a `` techie '' . I bought a new notebook computer because I needed the flexibility to use it around the house , so I wanted to utilize the wireless capability my new computer had.I received my new router and set it up according to the directions . It was n't working , so I contacted their customer service department . After different 3 calls , I finally got my router to work.When I would use my computer , the connection was always very weak . You are supposed to be able to use it up to like 150 feet - I could n't get mine to work correctly across my 13x16 living room . After dealing with this for about a month , I decided to return my router.My experience was obviously negative . Perhaps yours will be better , but my overall recommendation is to not purchase this model . Linksys has a regular Wireless-G router , and that may be better .
 This camera does n't understand what light is . No matter what setting I have it on , it is always dark . The videos come out so dark that I have to tilt my computer screen down to see it from an angle.The pictures themselves are grainy and look sandy . I have tried every mode and size and they are still grainy . I had a 3MP camera that took less grainy pictures than this one!The pictures are also very dark . If you are not practically in your subject 's lap , then it will be grainy and dark . It seems pointless to have a camera that does n't take pictures!After having it about a year , it suddenly stopped working . It wo n't start , turn on , nothing . It is completely dead.I am not sure if my issues with this camera are universal or if I have a lemon . Regardless , I am not going to purchase another camera from Sanyo and I am hesitant to purchase any electronics from them .
 I had one of these for just over a year . i got rid of it because of repeated `` overload '' faults that were occurring with greater and greater frequency . What would happen is that I 'd come back into my office or come home to find the APC UPS screaming away , with no power to my computer -LRB- or modem or router -RRB- . In every case , the red `` overload '' indicator would be lit.You might think that I 'm simply overloading the unit . But all I had plugged into it was a Mac Pro , as well as my modem and router . At 1500 VA , it 's rated for much more than that . And the kicker is , the majority of times the `` overload '' fault occurred was when the computer was asleep.I switched over to a MGE Pulsar UPS unit . One of the benefits of the switch is that the MGE unit does not require any proprietary software . Mac OS X recognizes the UPS and allows me to adjust the settings for it through the `` Energy Saver '' preference pane . Perhaps it was APC 's PowerChute software that was the problem with the APC unit . Whatever it was , I 'd recommend looking elsewhere for a UPS .
 I bought my first unit about 2 years ago . From the start it had an annoying hum . After my first power lost it lasted only 2 minutes and cut out . After a few rounds with tech support -LRB- first guy told me I had the wrong unit for a MAC and I was overloading it , huh , fortunately I had a kilowatt meter and new I was only pulling about 80 watts , second guys said first guy was wrong ... . after about 3 hours of my time doing their various test it was determined the unit was defective and a replacement was sent out.Less than 2 years later the batteries went bad . Another , call , some tests again and a set of batteries was sent . The batteries I received were the same but the connectors between the two was different . I unhooked the new connector and hooked up my old connector . All seemed find and I boxed up the old batteries for return . I went to print the return labels from APC 's web site but the part number was n't in the list . I emailed APC for instructions.I received a message back that they sent me the wrong replacement batteries and they would send out the correct ones . I would need to return the incorrect batteries and the old ones.The good part is PC honors their warranties and paid for all shipping . They have a nice system for printing return labels and have you return old batteries for recycling at no charge . Hence two stars instead of one . The bad part is this has been a troublesome unit . I 've got over 10 hours to date screwing around to make it right . My old Tripplite lasted over 10 years -LRB- with one battery change -RRB- . Next time I will go back to Tripplite .
 After my server crashing several times for power issues and speakingdirectly to APC , they state SPECIFICALLY DO NOT USE WITH HP SEVERS , WILLNOT WORK and they are correct , it does not work
 Bought this product along w / matching auxiliary battery pack BR24BP based on APC 's Selector - an online app which asks about your equipment then recommends the products you should consider . The Selector gave me bad advice for my MacPro . I was never able to completely ascertain what the mismatch was about , but threads I found suggested it was either `` inrush current '' where a waking computer 's current needs spike momentarily OR something to do with this APC unit not producing a `` sine wave output . '' In any event , any time the APS unit was needed to step in due to an electrical outage , the waking of my sleeping Mac immediately overloaded the BR1500 and everything crashed . I returned this unit and replaced it with APC 's Smart-UPS 1500 and have never had another issue . Bottom line
 It 's a nice strap and more comfortable than the standard Canon straps . But , I 'm too afraid that I 'll accidentally or the strap will accidentally disconnect itself and drop my camera . There 's no locking mechanism to keep it securely locked . So , this strap will sit in a drawer forever . Normally , I love LowePro products , but if you like your camera and lenses , do n't buy this strap .
 Do n't buy this . How did this `` product '' ever make it on Amazon ? It 's not even clear what is being sold here .
 This is the second NEC DVD burner i 've been burned by . When the first one died -LRB- after burning about 50 DVD 's -RRB- i thought i was just unlucky , so i was willing to try NEC again.The second one failed in the same manner , but even sooner -LRB- after burning about 30 DVDs -RRB- I have to hand it to them , they are consistent .
 Cheaply made and ill-fitting , this `` deluxe '' case is n't worth half the price . There is no handle or wrist strap provided ; your camera 's strap becomes the carry handle . A small , snap-strap is provided , but I ca n't figure out what it 's for ... the snap is easily unfastened with light pressure , and I would n't trust it to hold the weight of the empty case , much less with the heft of a camera inside . Do n't buy this item
 This product is worthless . You 'd be better off keeping your money and buying a good case at a store . Overpriced , cheap , plastic-y rip-off . No `` deluxe '' here .
 Nothing special and probably over-priced for what it is . The leather is nigh on invisible.It 's more of a skin to protect the camera from scratches , `` case '' would be stretching the definition somewhat .
 Nice looking . Good quality.But the case has two large flaps on the sides which make it difficult to put the camera in and out .
 The case fits like a tight glove . I do n't like that . The camera was hard to get in and out and did n't have any pockets for straps or batteries .
 I would love to really rate this camera case but I have NOT received it yet . We have been waiting for almost two months and still no case .
 PURCHASED THE CD-R ARCHIVAL GOLD TO STORE PHOTOS . IT WILL ONLY HAD A FEW PHOTO IMAGES . DELKIN NEEDS TO BEING OUT ARCHIVAL GOLD DVDs TO STORE PHOTOS ON .
 I purchased this along with 64 meg memory card . The camera has no support and the patches on the web site are virtually worthless . From what I have found , it seems KB Gear went out of business in late 2001 . Yet Amazon , nor anyone else who has thier products for sale care to mention this . After great pains , I finally got the USB bus on my XP machine to recognize the camera , but it would only attempt to download from it once out of perhaps 20 times . It always works from the serial port , but only with high res pictures . Low rez pictures always error out and cause the program to shut down . And high res take about 1 minute per pic -LRB- so 30 pics = 30 minutes -RRB- from serial port .
 ... I have also spent hours trying to get the driver found and loaded with absolutely no success . The downloads are junk . I am returning the product with a large contempt for the -LSB- person -RSB- who created it and the software . I am even more peaved that the website provided no help in trouble shooting my problems and had no phone number for me to use to express my frustration or get the assistance I needed . I am tempted to send these guys a bill for my time . The purchase of this ... has cost my employers an unnessecary expense and me some of my sanity.I enjoy shopping at amazon.com . This is the first product I have recieved and returned due to lack of satisfaction .
 Try any email support or phone number for reaching this company they will said
 My daughters were each given a Jam Cam 2.0 last summer . We were unable to get either to operate despite all attempts by ourselves , very computer-savvy friends , and calls to tech support . By the time we gave up it was too late for returns or exchanges . I wrote the company 's corporate AND consumer relations offices to explain our predicament . It has now been months without so much as an acknowledgement of our letters . Given KB Gear 's utter disregard and lack of meaningful support I feel compelled to discourage purchase of any of their products !!
 Surprisingly lousy build quality.The first one I got was broken out of the box.It does n't come with a memory card.it feels like a cheap toy.Save your money , spend a bit extra and buy a Kodak . I wish I had .
 I have had this jamcam camera for approx 6 months , having bourght it on price alone . It has cost me nearly 75 to have the software put onto my computer by a proffessional company as I could not get it to accept material by myself . It has only worked on 3 occassions when I have tried to download any photo 's . i now wish I had sved my money and bourght a recognised man i.e kodac . I am on windows XP . Yours Sincerely Chris Boswell
 I really ca n't believe all the other positive reviews about this product . Apparently they 've never used a REAL digital camera . Admittedly , the price is cheap . But so 's the quality . The image quality is really bad , even for the low resolution . There 's no zoom . There 's no preview screen , and you ca n't delete bad shots . It eats through batteries like wildfire . The images are n't stored in a standard format , so you can only download them through the camera , not through a MMC reader . Now that would n't be so bad , but unfortunately , the JamCam software is quite unstable and crashes often during the download , which means that if you have more than about 40 images on one card , you 'll never manage to get them out.Overall , I can only recommend you to stay away from this camera unless you really only need a toy for your kids .
 I own a JamCam 3.0 . It can write but not read all photos on a 32MB MultimediaCard -- it times out downloading and the camera shuts off after 100 photos . Also , it uses a proprietary format which is not compatible with USB card readers such as the MicrotechInt ZiO MMC USB card reader . Other than that , it is a good , rugged , cheap camera . Just do n't buy a 32MB MMC card or ZiO reader to use with this camera .
 I bought a Jamcam 3.0 in Dec. of 2000 and it worked for about 6 months . Now when I try to download I get a message that says `` An error occured while downloading picture from camera , please try again '' . I ca n't get tech support electronically , so called the number for help in the book . I got the message , `` This number is not in service '' . What do I do now ? Throw the camera away ???
 KB Gear has gone out of business !! Does not work with XP and never will .
 Bad software , hard to understand manual and just too difficult for the child I bought it for . We did much better spending more money and getting a `` real '' digital camera !
 We owned this camera for a couple years without a problem . It takes pretty marginal pictures but we did n't have money for an expensive digital camera and wanted to take spontaneous -LRB- and free -RRB- photos of our dogs , friends , etc. . Works ok for that but the resolution is poor so you 'll immediately be thinking upgrade.But as soon as we upgraded to Win XP , the USB download ceased to work . The Win XP driver just does n't do USB . The serial cable download works ok but is very slow . BTW , the camera has been finicky about downloading the pictures on stored on the MMC card.Disregard any suggestions that you could use a card reader to read an MMC card with JamCam photos . Does n't work . Apparently , the JamCam uses a proprietary format that the card readers see as unformatted .
 This is NOT a camera for amatures!This camera is so difficult to use you need to be a seasoned professional to use it.The big down side to this camera is only takes a few picture . If you want to be able to take more , you have to use a memory card -LRB- which is sold seperately -RRB- .
 Please note that if you are buying this camera to use with your Windows XP machine the hardware has NOT been `` Windows Logo approved . '' That means XP does not accept the updated or old driver software . And , you can not use this camera -LRB- 3.0 -RRB- with your XP computer .
 I got the camera the day before my two week vacation in Europe . After the first day , I tried to download the photos via the USB to my computer . It did not work and subsequently erased my photos . I then had to use the serial port which takes forever . After a check to see if it works , I took about 70 pictures . It took about an hour to download , but then would freeze my computer when I went to save them . So I had to redownload them over three times . After I finally got them on my computer I realized that the camera did not take all of the photos that I took . Infact it lost some of my most important ones . It would appear as a blank white/empty photo . The rest of the photos are very grainy or black even with the flash being used . I was and am furious . Before you go thinking that this is just someone who has no clue and created these problems himself , realize that I am an IT professional and very competent on my computer and systems . This is a waste of your money and time . Do not spend your money on a cheap camera because you will regret it .
 This camera may have been something special in 1999 . . but the only thing i did like about it was the price . The capture quality is unreliable . I took the same picture of the same thing under the same lighting on the same mini tripod ... and the quality was different each time . I may have got a dud but ... The software is okay for a biginner but the only thing i used it for was to grab the images from the camera.It is durable and maybe good for children for just that reason . I WOULD NOT USE THIS CAMERA FOR VACATIONS OR WEDDINGS OR ANYTHING LIKE THAT . A lot of the images looked as if they were scanned off of last weeks local news paper at best . This is just my opinion but ...
 Camera worked great-when it worked , which was for approximately 4 months . I called KBGear to see how I could get it fixed , and was told that they had none in the warehouse , they all go to major retailers . Because they had none , and did not know when some would be produced , they would not fix , replace or otherwise try to compensate for their faulty product . I was told to `` keep trying back '' to see if they get any in , but if they do n't I 'm just out of luck . Their one year warranty is basically worthless . Just be warned if you get one , it 's striclty purchased as-is .
 This is my first digital camera . It is a good price and very easy to install and use but the quality of the pictures is average -LRB- as should be expected at this price -RRB- . The fact that the 9volt battery does not come with it is a little annoying . It is very very light so it feels like a toy ... I have a small problem with the USB connection but that could be my laptop 's fault ... The serial port connection works just fine . The fact that it has both is a plus . Finally , remember it only holds 8 pictures ...
 buyers beware the software drivers do not work with Windows XP I could not get it to work and the update on the company website does n't help . The company is also out of business and will not be able to assist you . Buyer Beware !! Amazon Beware !!
 I notice a few people are looking for the software for the JamCam3 and Windows XP . Has anybody located this yet ? I would be very grateful to hear from you before I toss my camera in the bin and start again.Many thanks Naomi
 does not work with xp no customer support . downloads from website worthless.has anyone contacted the better buisness on this company ?
 CAUTION - I am a computer savvy user and spent MANY hours trying to get the JAM 3.0 to work with XP . I have not had any sucess downloading my kids pictures on XP and the updated drivers posted on JAMCAMs site -LRB- dated 2001 -RRB- do not work .
 I bought a Jam Cam last summer to introduce my daughter to photography . It was fine for the first five months -LRB- decent photos , easy to use -RRB- and then one day we changed the 9 volt battery and it just ... stopped ... working . A great disappointment . We live overseas so exchange is a real hassle . Now I am shopping for a better quality instrument .
 I got this camera for my wife how just wanted to take pictures of the kids and send them to her sister . After looking around a bit and seeing that this is on of the editor 's pics , I picked on up at the local store . I could n't refuse the $ 30 rebate and free 8meg card either.Well , I got home and put in the 16 meg card I bought and put in a brand new battery . Took 3 pictures at 640 x 480 and the battery was dead -LRB- this was brand name battery just bought that day -RRB- . So I put in another battery , take 3 more pictures and again ... battery was dead . I repeat this one more time and got 8 pictures out of 3 batters . Now I can see why this camera is so cheap.After getting fustrated with wasting battery 's I hook the serial cable up to my computer , install the software and drivers . Follow the directions they give you in there 5 page booklet and the software tell 's me to hook up the camera or check to see if the camera has power . I check the connection 's and power both good . Still no go.I also tried the USB cable that it came with -LRB- another reason I went with this camera -RRB- installed everyting -LRB- on my work PC -RRB- and still nothing . After playing with it for over an hour and almost having to reinstall windows 98 , I 'm still unable to get it to work . Needless to say I will be taking the camera back tomorrow for a full refund .
 I bought this camera with the idea that I could get some `` quick & dirty '' shots when I want to email a photo to friends or family . I returned it 2 days later.The camera is easy to use , and uploading the pictures is also easy , but I would n't bother . The quality was so bad that it 's just not worth the trouble . And I was n't expecting much ... Remember the science/art project in elementary school where you made a camera by sticking a pinhole in a cardboard box ? This camera reminded me of that . The only differences being the flash and the digital format.I 'm going to wait until the technology improves and the prices go down ...
 This is a lousy camera , even for the price ! It drains alomst an entire battery with 8 pictures . Do not buy this under any circumstances !
 This camera is terrible . It produces terrible pictures and is a complete ... ! I thought for a starter camera I would be at least able to make out some of the details or images , but this did not work at all ! Save your money !
 I bought my JamCam at K-mart , chiefly due to the low price . Outdoor pictures in sunlight are passable for e-mail , but indoor shots are impossible -LRB- no flash on this camera -RRB- I 've also found that the battery dies FAST , so keep some spares with you . I 'm pleased with my purchase , altho I have found the JamCam to be a `` gateway '' camera ... I now want a `` real '' digital camera LOL ! All in all , the JamCam is a neat little toy to keep around .
 why do n't you have a patch so jamcam can be used with xp i ca n't use mine
 Bought this as a gift for a teenager . It seems to work , but has limited memory space -LRB- 8 pictures -RRB- and a slow serial connection to download pictures -LRB- as opposed to faster USB -RRB- . But what can you expect for the bargain basement price . Good introduction to digital photographer for younger folk .
 I do not recommend this camera to anyone . The memory card is expensive . You might as well spend the extra money you would pay for the memory card on a better camera . The camera takes lousy pictures too . They are very grainy , distorted , or black . They 're not even worth e-mailing anybody . Do yourself a favor and DO N'T purchase this camera !
 The old cliche that you get what you pay for makes another apperance with this digital camera . Although the specs look OK and the pricetag looks excellent , the reality is that unless you 're in an office-setting -LRB- regarding the lighting and general distance the camera will have to deal with -RRB- the camera performs very poorly . It 's a great teenager camera -LRB- which is obviously the entire point from just looking at the camera packaging itself and the name -RRB- because it 's cheap and it does the job , but if you 're looking for any pictures from your trip to France that you can look at 10 years from now and sigh over with your kids , this is not the camera . Under no circumstances have I found it to be good taking outdoor pictures , no matter the lighting . The camera also reacts poorly to colored lighting -LRB- like house lamps -RRB- . Great birthday present for your 16 year old , but if you want real pictures , I look elsewhere .
 WOW ! What a waste of time and money . I purchased the Jamcam 3.0 through the HomeShopping Network . The pictures I took looked like they were taken through a plastic bag . When I tried to enlarge them to 100 % they got even worse , But I did notice that the smaller they were , they got better . But then they were too small to see what they actually were . I ca n't imagine anyone wanting to email or print pictures from the Jamcam3 .0 let alone use the special effects to frame them . You would need advanced special effects to make the pictures clear and worth while . I would n't even give this to a child to use . Thanks for allowing me to express my thoughts ... Now I have to take the time and hassel to return it .
 G string popped exactly a week after putting them on . Very , very dissatisfied that I paid about $ 20 for a weeks worth of use . I am a broke college student and cant afford to buy new strings on a weekly basis . If I knew how i could get my money back and go buy different ones , I would .
 I only really have one complaint . The coating just does not feel right somehow . The sound is interesting . You have to get used to them . The only thing for me is that I feel I not really playing . They are kind of neat but is it not the same . I think I will have to try a lot more different Regular strings . My view or another persons view does not cut it . You have to try things for your self . Even though they are kind of neat in some ways I will move on for the time being . They are worth trying one time though . If you had a lot of guitars and could put some on one that you only used when you wanted to and the cost did not bother you , then I would have given them a five star . Coating is just not that great to have to have on all the time . My experience is limited . If I get more experience and change my mind I will come back and amend . These strings have not held up at all for me . I would not even recommend them if you had more than one guitar . I do not see they are any better than regular cheaper strings . I do not feel they are as good either .
 For my taste these are way to hard . If your a Pro with finger tips made of steel these may be very good for you cuz they do produce a very nice sound . But if your a newbie like me or only pick up a guitar every now and then these are very difficult to play with.I wish I knew what were the strings that came originally came with my guitar cuz those were much easier to play with .
 2 Stars for functionality . Maybe 1 . I have no idea what they had in mind.When you mount it to bottom of camera so post is on your right near right hand grip of camera , then you ca n't get your hand between post and grip of camera to function the camera.You could move bracket post forward by mounting screw so camera grip is usable , but then everything else is out of whack for the flash movement.Then the post would need to also rotate to keep flash square to the world.I might just cut post in half , and machine in a pivot.This would at least correct 2 of the 3 problems.I think their concept thinking was to keep the flash head 's rectangle head in-line with film plane , but it just made it worse for the other options needed.Rarely do you aim flash directly at subject , unless you have studio lighting besides.Flip the bracket around , so bracket post grip is left of camera body , and this would really be nice to help balance the holding power.But again , flash bracket flips the flash too far , and now flash head is upside down with camera is landscape mode , or flash head is on it 's side in vertical mode.And now you lost all options of the flash head to bounce light left or right.Loosen bracket and move post grip forward , and now the camera with 70 - 200mm lens of added weight is now balanced at grip when holding or walking through crowds . A nice option.The build quality is 5 stars of billet aluminum . It can not be made lighter.Now mount the flash - Canon 580EXII to 1DsM2 using bracket .1 . Camera in Landscape Mode/a . With Canon 's dedicated cord connection from hotshoe to flip bracket , the flip bracket is going to rest on the head of the dedicated flash adaptor on hotshoe with camera in normal landscape mode.You might as well cut off the last 3 inches of the flip arm.The outboard mounting holes on flip arm for flash head are not usable.Thumb screw for flash mount on flip arm would add to the interference hitting on top of hotshoe Canon cord connection that is rather tall at 1-1/4 '' when mounted .2 . Vertical Framed shot/a . Flip the camera 90 degrees to the left for vertical framed shot.Now the flash is on it 's side when arm is flipped . Insane.You would only have bounce flash options up and to the right.The bracket flip arm has 2 stop detents that are 180 degrees apart at top of post.You rotate the camera body 90 degrees to the left for vertical frame view and this camera has second set of controls for taking shots with same finger as was used with camera level.b . If you rotate camera 90 degrees to the left , flash flip bracket needs to stop at 90 degrees as well to keep flash head vertical , but does not.It can only sweep 180 degree arc stop to stop.I have tried other flip devices where the camera rotates inside flash bracket.Sorta spendy , but works as needed.ConClusion : Take Your Camera with when spending $ 50 - $ 250 for brackets.Again , I basically purchased it on build quality alone.I now know it falls short of what it should do.I used it once for a wedding , and it was a battle.Most people would just return it , but I 'll deal with modifying it instead .
 Do n't buy this camera if you are running Windows XP . The driver updates from the Jam Cam website do not work and the company is no longer in business . Calls and emails to their tech support are not answered . My daughter got this camera for Christmas and we will definitely be returning it .
 Camera worked great-when it worked , which was for approximately 4 months . I called KBGear to see how I could get it fixed , and was told that they had none in the warehouse , they all go to major retailers . Because they had none and did not know when some would be produced , they would not fix , replace or otherwise try to compensate for their faulty product . I was told to keep trying back to see if they get any in , but if they do n't I 'm just out of luck . Their one year warranty is basically worthless . Just be warned if you get one , it 's striclty purchased as-is .
 I got this camera for free with a Gateway PC package . I thought that it would be a good camera , boy was I wrong ! I got rid of an Intel Deluxe PC Camera -LRB- Highly Recommended -RRB- and I have been regreting it ever since . I take alot of still indoor pictures for auction items and frequently have to take numerous pictures of the same item until it looks half way decent . I have to stick my finger half over the flash or else the pictures will come out solid white ! No flash , too dark . Using the on screen picture adjustments is a joke !!! I will be unloading this to a sucker on an auction and I will buy the Intel again . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!
 I purchased two of these beasts in August , primarily on price with the rebate . The company -LRB- KB Gear -RRB- is no longer in business -LRB- according to the folks who answer technical questions for KB Gear and their local BBB.Don ' t waste your money . It -LRB- the camera -RRB- does work well . I ca n't seem to find inexpensive MMC for the expansion slot , and I wo n't spend -LRB- money -RRB- for a 32M -LRB- for a camera who 's manufacturer is out of biz -RRB- .
 I could not get the JamCam software to work on either of my systems
 I received this camera free over a year ago when I bought Windows XP upgrade , and even at a price of $ 0.00 it 's NOT worth having ! Here are some reasons : - No ability to selectively erase pictures . You either erase ALL of them , or not . - No viewer on the camera to see your pictures . You have to wait until you transfer them to a PC . - Very poor picture quality . Do n't take any or vacation family photos with this
 Do n't bother with this camera , it 's a total piece of junk . Sure , it 's cheap , but you 're getting exactly what you pay for , very , very little .
 I bought this one two years ago . It seemed a good deal at only ~ 50 bucks from Target . Then , it turned out it could contain only 8 pics without a card , so I had to buy expansion cards . The battery gets sucked dry fast , so I got through several 9V ones . Before I even knew it I spent over 100 bucks . What did I get in return ? 1 . Horribly low resolution .2 . Lost entire collection of pics due to power failures .3 . JamCam software was buggy and unreliable . It is not compatible with newer Windows versions .4 . The company no longer exists , so there is nobody to turn to for customer support .5 . The lens simply can not focus well at distances larger than a couple of meters .6 . No way to view pics other than through the software , but see # 3 above.Well , there are a couple of positives , e.g. sturdy build , low price , and easy handling , but just look at the above and get running away.Final thought
 This is a word of advice to any would-be buyers of the jamcam 3.0
 I bought this as a beginner digital camera for my young daughter , thinking it would save on film and developing costs.Well , she was very excited to get the camera , took some pictures , and when I installed the software and tried to download the pictures to my PC -- NOTHING !! Seems there is a driver issue . -LRB- I have a relatively new computer , WIN98 , etc. -RRB- I emailed cust . support -LRB- for KBGear -RRB- and no response . I called them , and the problem was not resolved over the phone . I was left with the answer
 Do not buy this camera . The software is terrible and the drivers do n't install correctly in Windows 2000 . After I finally got the thing installed , I took some pictures . It takes a long time to take one picture and you have to hold the camera still while you do it . Downloading the pictures from the camera to the PC via USB is very slow as well . The most disappointing thing about this camera is the picture quality . Quite honestly , the other problems were nothing because this camera is so inexpensive ... but the picture quality is terrible . Even in the highest resolution it looks awful . Each pixel looks about 8 times bigger than it should be in the highest resolution . Worst digital camera ever .
 Camera worked great-when it worked , which was for approximately 4 months . I called KBGear to see how I could get it fixed , and was told that they had none in the warehouse , they all go to major retailers . Because they had none and did not know when some would be produced , they would not fix , replace or otherwise try to compensate for their faulty product . I was told to keep trying back to see if they get any in , but if they do n't I 'm just out of luck . Their one year warranty is basically worthless . Just be warned if you get one , it 's striclty purchased as-is .
 I bought this for my daughter for Christmas . After 6 months I wish I would have spent my money on a real camera . I bought 2 rechargable batteries and a charger . A 16 meg card so she could take more pictures . Just try and download them . The USB only works on some computers . The other cord takes about an hour or so to download . So I bought a card reader at 50 dollars . Did n't work at all . So I bought another card reader like the one I have for my camera . The ZIO It did n't work either . The problem is that this camera does n't compress the pictures . No card reader will work that I know of . Now I have two hundred dollars worth of junk . I wish I would have spent the money on a real camera .
 This camera has been a complete waste of money . I have not been able to get it to work on any of three different computers with Windows 95 , Windows ME or Windows XP . The customer service number printed in the manual is a false number and there is no contact or help in their website . Money is better spent with a more reputable company .
 Not even a child will be happy with the pictures that this `` camera '' produces ! Horrible color , horrible clarity . There is NOTHING to recommend this camera unless you want to dissuade your kid from photography forever.The company seems to have gone belly up as the phone numbers have been disconnected . So do n't expect a rebate if you were foolish enough -LRB- as I was -RRB- to purchase this worthless product .
 The camera is mediocre at best . Really do need the extra multimedia memory though . No LCD for previewing pictures is a real handicap . Lots of my pictures do n't come out at all . It seems to be very lighting sensitive . The battery wears down very quickly too . Get a rechargeable ... you 'll need it . For what I ended up paying , I expect a lot more quality in the pictures .
 A flimsy camera with very poor resolution . Photos break up at the slightest enlargement . I was promised a $ ... rebate , filed for it , once in May and once in November , and never received any response from the manufacturer . Save your money , avoid aggravation , do n't buy this toy .
 ... I hope XP Pro works a lot differently from XP home . I purchased a JamCam 3.0 for my 9-year old and tried moving pictures to a Dell 8200 machine . So far , no luck
 Forget the rebate -- it appears they are about of business.If you want to use an MMC card to expand the memory , try wedging in a thin piece of cardboard on top of the card . Otherwise , it does n't get a good connection and you lose all your pictures and/or the camera locks up .
 I purchased this camera in July of 2001 . The camera works exactly as described and is very good for home purposes . Unfortunately , the rebate which was a major part of the reason why I purchased this model still has not been paid . The customer service department at Kb Gear Jamcam was not very helpful . They continue to tell me it is being processed . I have recommended this camera to others to purchase and they too have never received their rebate . Good camera , but beware of the customer service .
 It is not compatible with Windows XP despite the defunct company 's claim on the web site . I spent hours trying to install the drivers to get the software to work , to no avail . Not at all user friendly . Additionally , the company is out of business -LRB- wonder why ? -RRB- so there is no tech support via phone or email . Stay away !
 First off I do n't know why the camera says it take 800 x 600 pixels ? The Highest res . I can get is 640 x 480 pixels ???? Second when I center someone or something and take a picture , they are not centered in the pic . I have to move the camera so the person or object of interest is in the right corner of the the camera just to get them centered in the pic ! The software was , well ok I guess . Overall this camera should be recalled ! ... In case you do buy it , for the best image quality you need to set the timer and put it down . Make sure you have good lighting , the images always seemed to bright or way to dark . Outside pics seamed to work best . ... Oh ya the only reason I gave the camera a STAR is because it made me !!!!!
 My daughters were each given a Jam Cam 2.0 last summer . We were unable to get either to operate despite all attempts by ourselves , very computer-savvy friends and calls to tech support . By the time we gave up it was too late for returns or exchanges . I wrote the company 's corporate AND consumer relations offices to explain our predicament . It has now been months without so much as an acknowledgement of our letters . Given KB Gear 's utter disregard and lack of meaningful support I feel compelled to discourage purchase any of their products !!!
 It 's basically a webcam that can be carried around.I was conned into buying it because it was free after rebate.Now the camera is collecting dust , and still no rebate check in sight . Phone number on rebate form no longer works , and customers are referred to the manufacturer instead.I 've filed a complaint with the Federal Trade Commission in regards to their rebate handling practices . Stay away from this joint !
 I have used this camera for about 2 years . It takes nice pictures for emailing , but they are n't great quality for prints . I OFTEN have problems with the software ...
 I have recieved a jamcam for christmas . I am sure it is a great camera . I doubt if I will ever know . During the christmas hub I managed to lose the disk . I have written to jamcam `` webmaster '' only to have the email sent back as being unable to deliver . I have conatced Kbear only to find out that they do not have the software and I need to contact jamcam `` webmaster '' . Why would they bother to put a web page that claims to be for help , when it really is no help at all . Can someone help me get a disk with the proper software ?
 Camera OK for well lighted area , small size photo , Goodfor Kids and web use ... software furnished had some problemsbut worked it out . . -LRB- time involved -RRB- . Company did not send rebate and phones numbers furnishedwere invaled . . put your money into something better from abetter company .
 If you have the new Microsoft XP operating system , forget about it . This camera is not compatible ; it only works with Windows 95 or 98 . Also , there is no preview window for pictures taken , and no LCD viewer . So , make certain you have a money-back guarantee from your retailer .
 I think the title says it all .
 Initially , my experience with this camera was acceptable for the price minus the supposed rebate -LRB- a story in itself -RRB- . I did n't use it extensively early on so I did n't expose -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- it to its insufficiencies . Needless to say , it has been down hill ever since . First , I noticed that the camera does n't consistently take clear pix . I thought it was a lighting issue but it works just as poorly in the light . As suggested by other reviews , it 's best to manually control the flash . Secondly , the rebate is bogus . My feeling is that -LSB- the seller -RSB- should assume some of the responsibility since they advertise this information on THEIR website . Unfortunately , they just pass the buck -LRB- sort of speak -RRB- and tell you to contact the manufacturer . A manufacturer who was in business when I sent in my rebate app . -LRB- I sent it certified -RRB- but no where to be found now . In conclusion , if you 're buying this digicam based on the rebate , DO N'T ! If you 're buying this digicam because you want something that will consistently take pix , DO N'T . Lastly , if you 're buying this camera because it seems like a good buy for the money , IT 'S NOT . There are other digicams out there that are inexpensive , work very , very well , and you can actually contact the manufacturer if you run into a problem . The software for this digicam does n't work with Windows 2000 or XP . I had to install it on my son 's computer . WHAT A WASTE !!!!!
 I picked up a JamCam as an `` expendable '' digi-cam for emailing snaps from the road . If it got lost or trashed , it would be no great loss . Even with such low expectations , I am angry & disappointed . The quality is like a freeze-frame of a VHS video . The software & Windows TWAIN driver are buggy & tempermental , and the MMC memory card LOSES ALL STORED IMAGES AS SOON AS THE CAMERA POWERS DOWN ! I lost over 60 images when I returned from my trip & powered up the JamCam to find only the first 8 shots stored in it 's internal memory were still available ! The software then proceeded to download all the photos from the camera WITH THE SAME FILENAME so that each new image OVERWROTE the one just downloaded ! The company 's website is like one of those long-abandoned ghost websites . The only contact link left is for the webmaster . I 've used cheap digitals from Polaroid & been quite happy with the results for the price . I picked up a JamCam for the 16Mb MMC memory option , never dreaming that it was n't non-volatile memory . If you see this camera , do n't buy one . In fact you 'd be doing the seller a favor to warn them what a piece of junk this product is , so that they wo n't be surprised by irate customers.This is the worst implementation of a good idea that I have ever seen ! There may be a cheap digicam with expandable memory that 's worth owning , but this IS N'T it . Do n't make the same mistake I did . Avoid this at all costs !
 I bought this camera based on Amazon.com reviews stating it was fine for family emailing . It arrived and looked easy . Come to find out , the software included is outdated for any of the new windows software . It can not find the ports or drivers in it 's install . Tried to contact company to find that the phone is disconnected and company website shutdown . Spent two days trying to download the driver software I needed off the internet and none of it worked . I do NOT recommend this camera at all - there is no support for it if you have any issues . I notice that it 's for sale everywhere , and given the company has gone under , find this to be very bad `` retailmanship '' .
 The camera worked okay for 2 weeks and 2 days . The pictures were poor , but the camera was for my six year old , so I did n't care . Then everytime I turned the camera on , it displayed OFF and locked . The company website and packaging list bogus customer service numbers . The BBB lists KBGear as out of business . This was a total waste of money !
 The camera itself is a nice device to start with ; it lacks a few features , but for $ -LRB- ... -RRB- , I can live without them . Where the product falls flat on it 's face is the software that comes with it . There 's no way to get images out of the camera without the software , which looks like it was done by a not-very-talented high schooler as their first ` real ' program , and has the bugs and glitches to prove it . Electronic support is limited to the online ` knowledge base ' and download areas - no mention of any customer support or other contact , other than the webmaster . A feedback/problem letter has gone unanswered for over a month.I 'd rate the camera at 4 stars ; the software drags the whole thing down to 2 .
 Ok this camera ate up 3 brand new batteries in 1 and 1/2 months ! The flash does n't work most of the time when you want it to and the pictures are REALLY bad quality.The only good thing is it has two ways of hooking it up to your computer , serial port or USB .
 I think this camara stinks . Yes , it is cheap . That is all that can be said . It is a great camara if you do n't actually want to recognize what you are taking a picture of .
 I purchased the JamCam 3.0 for my son ... what a total waste of money ... there are no drivers on the cd so you have to go to either KB Gear 's website or JamCam 's and try to find a link that actually works , if you find that and click on download you get a window with the QuickTime icon that does NOTHING ... no drivers , no pictures ... when my computer tries to find the hardware it does n't exist even though its been properly installed as per the instructions included in the user 's guide ... also they DO N'T respond to any of the emails regarding these problems ... what a waste !
 Do not buy this if you have Windows XP . I bought the camera for my children because it sounded perfect for them . I was fooled by the Windows XP downloads available on the products website . I spent 2 days installing , uninstalling , trying to contact the company , and searching their help database . Nothing worked . So I have nothing good to say . -LRB- Their phone number is disconnected . -RRB- When I bought the camera my expectations were low . I understand you get what you pay for . After all it was only for my kids to play with . But I did expect it to at least work . It failed at that .
 This thing does n't work with Windows 2000 and it 's not listed on the Microsoft Hardware compatibility Index . Also , the number on the back of the manual is out of service . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I got this camera free with the purchase of my new computer , and in all honesty , it is only worth it because it was free . The pictures are not clear at all , and the overall feel of the camera is cheap , I thought it was a toy camera at first and laughed when I pulled it out of the box . Unless you can get it for free , then do not pay any money for it !
 Not wanting to commit to a $ 300 camera purchase , I tried this as an interim solution just so I could take digital pictures . It seriously has some problems . I could not get this working under windows 2000 , even though there is a limited FAQ on their page that says it will work with it , though I still had some problems . I mailed support , told them that I 've read the FAQ , did everything , still getting this message , and they respond to me w / cut and paste off the FAQ . I also had some problems geting it to work under windows 98 through the native USB interface , but after it installs like 8 software packages one of them could talk to the camera . Then I finally saw my picture . It came out so awful I seriously ca n't even describe it . Like 16 color , scaled up pixellated image that made me howl . Anyway , I was expecting it to be a low quality , fun , yet workable camera , and it was so far below that . Stay away !
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT.The only reason I rated this one star is because there was no -10 stars choice . The company is out of business . No suppport . How can Amazon continue to sell this junk ??????????
 Im telling you , do not buy this camera . It 's not even worth ... dollars . The pictures are come out very blurry , and the flash is so bright . . You could get blind from it . And not to mention you have to buy a battery for it every 2 weeks . overall i rate this camera zero stars , DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA . even if your a begginer .
 The jam cam looked so cool up until I opend it ! This is not a digital camera it dose n't have a monitor . You have to upload the pics onto your computer just to look at how they came out !
 I have rated this product with a star for it 's documentation . This is the only one good thing at it . Also , on their webpage you can find some useful tips . But the most important thing is not ensured
 I purchested a Jam Cam about 1 year ago and it was working fine and then something went wrong with the program -- It will not download my pictures anymore . I have tried to contact JamCam and the sight just tells me it is for Sale . I have asked on the internet and read some reviews for this and they are all in the same boat as me . I would not recomment this camera to anyone for any price and you should be ashamed to even advertise this product , because there is no way to contact them if something is wrong .
 This camera is so basic that it 's not even worth the $ 23 some odd dollars that you pay for it . Save your money and purcahse something better . This , however , is not the main problem . I got this camera for free from a company that I do business with , so I did n't even spend one penny for it and I am still frustrated -LRB- and mad -RRB- enough to take the time to write a review . The software disk that came with it is WORTHLESS !! It does not function with windows 2000 or XP . It also may not function with other versions like ME or 98SE . When you call the customer support number found in the instruction booklet , you get a message that the number is no longer valid . If you try to go to the website that is in the instruction booklet -LRB- jamonline.com or jamcam.jamonline.com -RRB- you get junk sites . Try them and see for yourself ! So what the H ell are you supposed to do to get this piece of junk to work on your computer so that you can download the pictures that you 've taken ?? Where is the support ?? I have three words for you when it comes to this camera , JUNK , JUNK , JUNK ! That 's it ! Save your 23 bucks and go buy a nice chinese dinner for you and whoever you were thinking of buying this camera for .
 Got this for my 4 year old . After she was all excited and took lots of pictures , we tried to load them . Software does not work with xp , did not work with my machine running me . Can not just load the windows drivers . Then , after looking online , found out the company has been OUT OF BUSINESS for at least one year . -LRB- website on the box is listed for sale -RRB- . No support . No updated drivers . Can not load memory card using a card reader as the format is not recognized . STAY AWAY !!! It is appalling that this is still being sold .
 Great digital camera for the price , but KB Gear did not upgrade its software to run under Windows XP . I gave it to my son who has an Apple computer and he still uses it .
 Awful product/customer service e-mail unanswered -LRB- actually undeliverable -RRB- / telephone disconnected/does not work with Windows/ME
 I bought this same camera ... and took it home and had nothing but problems . I have windows 2000 and the USB would not work at all , and I could not find updated drivers for it . The serial port finally worked after rebooting a couple times , but as you can imagine , it was pretty slow . Then , after a few days of having it , the LCD on the back of the camera started displaying non-letters , and the camera would not respond , even when it was reset by removing the batteries .
 The unit simply did not work . I could n't get it to work and neither could any friends or associates . The USB plug into the camera did not fit correctly . The phone number provided in the back of the instructions was `` no longer in service '' and the `` contact us '' portion of the web site was -LRB- unbelievably -RRB- inoperable . My adice is to STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY ! JH
 the quality is less than stellar -LRB- to put it very nicely -RRB- . The batteries die really quick too . I got it as a gift but if you are debating on whether or not you should ? dont buy it . I would definitely save up and buy another camera . You can buy it on ebay for $ 5 -10 ... which is somewhat worth the price.hope I helped .
 The camera is easy to use , especially for kids -LRB- bought it for my daughter -RRB- . But when I tried to upgrade it for windows XP it was and upgrade nightmare . I found a website with the stuff I needed , but even they said it was going to be rough and may not work , luckily it did . Total time for finding and upgrading was almost 2 hours . The website was thejamcam.com .
 If your into pictures at all , do n't bother with this camera . The picture quality on your computer screen is washed out and uneven ... I 'd hate to see what it looked like if I chose to print it . Outdoor shots are a little bit better , but all in all I 'd put my money in a better quality digital camera .
 I was prepared for a low-cost camera to give lower quality images than my old Fuji MX-700 but the quality of this camera was so bad that I took it back and bought a more expensive but decent quality camera.Anything dark on the JamCam 's images seemed to turn into a grey hatched mush . The hatch also appeared , but to a lesser extent , over the highlights . I tried both 640x480 and 320x240 res . Neither was satisfactory . I can email a sample on request.The included Adobe software was also very limited . You ca n't even scale the picture to reduce a 640x480 to 320x240 ! What picture enhancement is available seems pointless given the source quality.Save your money and buy something better . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 it has poor resolution , no battery , no memory and is basically a toy for kids . KBGear attracts buyers with a phony $ 30 rebate and then goes to great efforts to cheat people out of it . First they send a postcard saying `` this item is not valid for rebate '' then they have one phone # refer you to second and then a third which never answers . Emails to KBGear also go unanswered . I have spoken to numerous people who all had the same experience . Avoid this dishonest company .
 This camera is NOT compatible with some models of Compaq Presario . Although mine , which runs Win 98 , is NOT the one mentioned at their website , it did n't work . I spent more than 1 hour talking to customer service -LRB- very friendly , but it 's NOT a toll-free number ! -RRB- and they did n't have a clue about it . I had to return the camera just a few days after I got it . I can say you run out of batteries pretty fast
 I purchased 2 of these units because of the ac power supply . Citizen was one of the very few who included ac power supply . Both players have trouble playing many perfectly good cds . The first store bought cd I played had blank sound in the middle of the cd . I thought something was wrong with my new cd . I put this new store bought cd in my home stereo and it played fine . For some reason the Citizen cd160 player cuts out sound on about 10 % of my cds and the unit it just sitting on my desk . I might understand this if the unit was in motion . I regret buying these players . I now have two ac power supplies but I will have to buy new players and put the Citizen CD160 in the garbage with the rest of my trash.I must say Amazon service was excellent but the Citizen CD160 was a major disappointment .
 This player skipped on every disc I tried to play ; manufactured CD 's , homemade CD-R 's and MP3s burned to a CD . Every single disc skipped terribly . Very poor performance . I ended up returning it .
 I tried putting this into 2 different computers . I 've tried it with Windows XP Pro , Vista Home Premium , and Windows 7 Ultimate . Could not get the drivers to install on any of them . I 'd stay away from this card
 This item is for ipod Mini and not the nano . It says it has a nano adapter , which came in the box however the Nano could n't fit into the output on the transmitter with or without the adaptor .
 I did n't try the tubes -LRB- I 'm sure they worked fine -RRB- , but they ground together so terribly when I opened the box that I did n't want to get them close to my camera . I found them very hard to move and I did n't like the release latches , either -- had to push too hard to get them apart . The Kenko tubes are part plastic , but work perfectly -LRB- and smoothly ! -RRB- with a nice fast 50mm , making for great macro photos -- I recommend them instead .
 Bought three of them for gifts but decided to try one out first . It did n't like the bumps on the road while riding in my car . The Anti-skip feature was very sensitive.Recommend you look elsewhere
 Looking for a small kitchen flat panel TV that was n't an undercabinet model led us to the TruTech . Nice design in a nice package , but picture quality is poor at best . I guess I should have suspected as much when I noticed that it was the only model not set up in the store . At $ 100 less than the next `` name brand '' alternative -LRB- $ 188 -RRB- I was willing to take a chance on the quality by mixing in a 3YR warranty purchase . Unfortunately , even with the multiple picture quality options we ca n't get to a quality level that is n't flat panel circa 1990 . I must confess that we have a high quality digital signal courtesy of Dish Network and Sony VEGA tubes in the house which holds anything up to a high standards . However , after hooking our 10YR old 13 '' Toshiba tube with integrated VCR , side-by-side with our new TruTech and seeing the dramatically reduced quality of this flat panel during NFL highlights we 've decided to take back the TruTech . $ 188 saved .
 We bought this television for our kitchen at Target right after Christmas on special . It suited our needs , worked great with a picture that was fine . However , after 16 months , it failed.It was a bargain that was n't a bargain .
 As with some others , I bought this because of the price for a room that we did n't use much . Worked great for 15 months then 1 day it would n't turn on - the red LED in the grill just blinks . $ 190 out the door .
 TV was a Christmas present in 2005 , 19 Months later it is a large case with a flashing red LED in the grill ...
 I had bought 2 for my house , one worked and one started smoking right after I plugged it in . I could not return it because I did n't take it out of the box for 4 months . target said too bad , I complained and never got anywhere .
 They sounded great but were used and only lasted a couple of months before needing repair , but SONY no longer services this item .
 I have never owned a Sony product I did n't just love . However , these expensive wireless headphones were a major disappointment . First of all , the optical wire did not work -LRB- hooked up to a Sony Bravia HD TV ! -RRB- . Instructions said to use red/white analog cable -LRB- not included of course -RRB- . Luckily I had a set . Once that worked , all seemed to go well until I turned up the volume . Interference/distortion came from every room I went into . If that was n't enough , it knocked out the router signal - my laptop became useless . If Sony ca n't get it right , who can ? The processor from what I can tell is made to sit in one location , assuming your stereo and TV are both there . I do n't think it is possible to connect to the TV and also listem to stereo located across the room . On one good note , the headphones although a bit large for me , were very comfortable . Good luck .
 Purchased this item for gaming on the PS3 . Sounds great when working but it WILL kill you Internet connection with your router . I have talked to SONY customer support and they acknowledge the problem but will not support the issue . According to customer support because it says RF signal on the box this states that it may cause problems with other RF items in your house . I was flexible enough to use a fix if one was available , but was told , `` you can not connect to the internet while using this item '' . My wireless phones use RF signals and they do n't have problems with the routers . I will return this item and WILL HAVE TO PAY FREIGHT AND RESTOCKING FEE .
 i bought this for my 86 year-old father -LRB- who insists he does n't need hearing aids -RRB- . i installed them as directed , however there is a problem with the volume . even with the volume turned up full on the headsets he could n't hear the TV . -LRB- i tried them and the volume was still very low and i have no hearing issues whatsoever . -RRB- in order to get the volume up on the headphones WE HAD TO INCREASE THE VOLUME ON THE TV !! thus defeating the purpose of having the headphones in the first place ! i called customer support and was told that because our TV did n't have a headphone jack there was just no solution for this . i find this ridiculous . so , make sure that the set that you will use this with has a headphone jack or the purchase will be pointless .
 I would not recommend this unit for three main reasons :1 . the sound quality is pretty bad with the internal mike and speaker . For taking notes an external mike and speaker is too bulky .2 . It does not work when powered by the USB port . You have to unplug it and run off two AAA cells -LRB- put in backwards -RRB- to play or record .3 . There is no USB driver either in firmware , on the CD , at Panasonic or built-into Windows 7 . So could not use the computer software to edit sound , or convert sound to text , or manipulate the clips in the device.The notes talk about Win2K and XP . I suspect this is quite an old design , and they have not kept up to date with drivers.Operating is easy . You hit record , talk , hit stop . Hit record , talk , hit stop . Each time you hit record it starts a new numbered snippet . You select which clip you want to hear by spinning a wheel , then hit play . You would never guess it was that simple from the plump instruction book .
 I AM SURE THAT THIS IS A GREAT PRODUCT , HOWEVER , I TESTED THE RECORDING AND STILL CA N'T FIGURE OUT THE INSTRUCTIONS ON HOW TO PLAYBACK WHAT i RECORDED . I WILL HAVE TO HAVE SOMEONE HELP ME FIGURE IT OUT .
 I can not say enough how much I would dissuade anyone from buying this camera . During the time it actually worked it ate batteries like you would n't believe . You 'd be lucky to get 10 pictures out of it before they died . Then , the camera stopped working altogether after a few months -LRB- maybe 3 or 4 uses , to be more accurate -RRB- . It wo n't even turn on now . Also , I removed the memory card from the camera and put it in my flash drive reader to see if I could recover any of the pics taken over those 3 or 4 months it worked . NONE were there . The directories were there , but the pics were not . DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA !
 Very poor product , Terrible image resolution , zoom did not function properly . There are many cameras out there offering a better value for the $ $ ... . Vendor was very good about refunding my money . .
 I would n't recommend this camera to anyone . This camera eats up batteries like it was made by Duracell !! I will throw this away and get another one .
 You can buy this remote for $ 10 with free shipping on Bose 's website.I 'm sure the remote itself is great , just do n't buy it here . This is n't amazon 's pricing as far as I can tell either , this is the price set by this particular seller.Normally I 'd support Amazon and it 's sellers , but $ 40 is a ridiculous price .
 When I first had some problems with my Wave System Remote buttons , I tried looking around for a replacement , but when I simply called Bose , they offered me a new remote for $ 15.70 . This listing is NOT CHEAP , and overpriced . This company is making a large profit of over $ 24 on this product . Please do not order this remote . Call Bose , and get your moneys worth .
 Although it arrived with no visible damage , the power supply did not work when I installed it in a working desktop . I finally opened it up and found that the internal circuit board was broken , either because a blow or manufacturing defect . Since I was in a foreign country and could not ship the item back for replacement , I ended up tossing it in the trash.Because of this and other similar experiences , I am purchasing more items from retailers who have a storefront and physical presence . I may pay a little more , but I can return a defective item for replacement with no hassle , shipping charges , or long wait , and this is worth the extra money I might spend .
 nylon zipper came of track before opening 2 '' . Vendor was very plesent to work with and no problems returning product .
 I bought a Sansa MP3 player and the battary lasted about a year . When I tried to get a replacement I found out that no one makes them . I tried calling Sansa but they put me through to a fullfillment company who could n't help me . I tried calling back but no one would help me resolve the issue . Buy their products with caution ... you 're on your own if something goes wrong .
 The original battery in my Sansa e280 quit holding a charge -LRB- no life after less than 2 hours of use -RRB- so I ordered a replacement battery . The replacement battery will not hold a charge either . I 've tried charging on two different computers and on a car charger . Either I 've had two bad batteries or something is wrong with the player itself .
 CANCELED MY ORDER TWICE BUT THEY ARE STILL SELLING THE SAME BATTERY AT A HIGHER PRICE !
 The battery worked inatially , but it 's life was only about a month and I 'm not an mp3 heavy duty user . I 've been trying to recharge it for the past 2 weeks with no success .
 It does not work . I can hardly see the printed text on the paper . I will not buy this again .
 Bad deal . Twin must mean something else to Amazon and this individual retailer . I only received 1 .
 a horrible experiencesounds like a vocal from the throat of a donkey.good for people like G. ... b
 I bought this because I wanted to use it 's Zone 2 video , and PiP -LRB- picture-in-picture -RRB- features . I knew going in that the Zone 2 Video output was composite only , and that the receiver turns off HDMI output when you use PiP , but that was OK for my purposes.Unfortunately , the unit does * not * down-convert component video input sources , for Zone 2 or PiP output . In other words , if for example you have a DVD player hooked up using component cables , you ca n't view it in Zone 2 . The only thing you can view in Zone 2 -LRB- or PiP -RRB- is something that comes from a composite source.The manual says any analog video source can be output to Zone 2 . Sony 's web site says `` Component and S-video sources can be down converted to lower resolution outputs , thus customizing video connectivity to home theater requirements from a single source . Also , both receivers can take HD sources from component video and downconvert the signal for use with composite or S-Video ouputs . This is ideal for distributing video through multiple rooms with less wires . `` Link
 I couldnt notice any significant upscaling from my s-video input . Audio wouldnt come throught the HDMI cable . Occasionally when you change the input , either the video or audio stops . and you had to switch off and back on again to get both back .
 This card is rated UP TO 5MB read , UP TO 1.5 MB write . Kingston SD Elite Pro offers 8.2 MB read , 7.7 MB write . Kingston SD Ultimate offers 21 MB read , 18MB write . Compare costs and know what you are getting for your dollar .
 We take hundreds of pictures ... For someone who has heard the words cancer ... You want to capture every moment . -LRB- The DR 's caught it very very early -- both times -RRB- ... I want to ensure that my kids will have a life time of memories with their mother , if any thing should happen to me . And this card has now robbed some 400 images -LRB- 1.5 wks worth -RRB- from our family ... Sadly , those images held the memories of my third child 's first month in this world.There are dozens and dozens of review of this card becoming `` dead '' -- From what we have read , researched and learned about this card there may be a small chance to salvage some of the images . DO NOT ATTEMPT TO TAKE ANY MORE PHOTOS . Call up a photo shop -LRB- or two , or two dozen -RRB- and find a tech who KNOWS how to salvage images from corupt cards . They may be able to save some of the images -LRB- more likely than not -RRB- , even if only a small percent of the pictures ...
 I ordered three itemsan SD card from amazona camera from Ritz anda camera case from someone else , it does n't matter.Amazon sold me a 2 day delivery shipping optionI was under the belief that all parts of the order would be deliveredin 2 days , but Ritz shipped in 7 days , the camera was late for a birthday.Amazon charged me $ 10 to ship a $ 10 SD chip and did not mentionthat other vendors could not live up to the 2 day delivery.Buyer beware.When ordering several items that come from different vendorsamazon 's shipping options do not work across the board and they apparently do not tell you that other vendors in the package dealcan not live up to the shipping option.And yes the SD chip was what I ordered and it did work fineand it was delivered in 3 days not 2 . Amazon needs to work closer with their business partners to agree on multi item , multi vendor shipping arrangements .
 I always use my s700 fuji camera with a 1GB memory , when i use this 2GB memory , stopped to work fine , al pictures blurry , i think . . this is too slow for photos .
 Palm will not acknowledge the card , so I e-mailed Kingston tech support . The response
 I hate saying this about a Manfrotto product , but this is seriously a complete piece of junk ! right off the box , the lock had a terrible issue ! at first i could n't set the monopod to lock into any position and after few trials it expanded to full height and could n't make it collapse then then ! I 'm not sure how am i going to return it now ! I 'm very very disappointed !
 The monopod is beautiful and seems to be a solid piece . However , the moment I extended the monopod fully and try to retracted it simply did not worked . The first section -LRB- narrow diameter tube -RRB- worked well but the second segment -LRB- wide diameter tube next to the base -RRB- never retracted . The only way to compact the monopod back to its initial state was to manually turned the second segment as it was a big screw which defeated the purpose of the whole thing.This happen right out of the box and worst it happened twice . The first monopod I shipped back to amazon immediately and I was nicely surprised to receive the replacement the next day ! However , the excitement turned into disappointment when the second monopod failed in the same way.I 'm no stranger to this neotec system . I have owned a Manfrotto 458B -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/Manfrotto-458B-Neotec-Photo-Tripod/dp/B0002TKGZS -RRB- for many years now and I 'm very happy with its performance , it is fast and reliable . Now to think more and find a different monopod .
 Regardless of the weight on this monopod , it has n't worked properly from day one . Even without a camera attached sometimes you ca n't get it to lock at all and sometimes you extend it , it locks , and then you ca n't get it to collapse again . Manfrotto used to be a trusted name in photography and film equipment , but no longer , I 'm sad to say . We ca n't continue to pay top dollar for products that make us look like fools on location , struggling with the one thing that 's supposed to keep us steady .
 This thing would be great if it worked.Pros : None , since it does n't work.Cons :1 . The lower section quit locking after a couple of uses . Even disregarding the following cons , this alone disqualifies this as a usable tool . When I needed it , it failed to hold up my camera and there was nothing I could do in the field to make it work . And there is no way to disassemble for repair or adjustment .2 . It 's heavy .3 . The rubber foot can fall off easily and get lost , leaving you with an aluminum ball with a spike sticking out .4 . It 's too long even at its shortest length .5 . For its high cost , it has no ability to angle the camera on top . You have to add a tilt head like a 3232 or ball head to make this work .6 . No convenient way to carry it when not needed . It 's so long and heavy , if you try to attach it to your belt with a carabiner when you do n't need it , it 's really annoying as it bangs against your leg .7 . Too expensive . It 's one leg of a tripod , with no top casting and no real head.There is a small recessed adjustment screw in the squeeze/lock handle , but it does not seem to do anything . Ca n't find the owner 's manual on line.Expensive mistake.UPDATE
 I was very excited when I received the Manfrotte 685B Neotec Monopod at Christmas . But the excitement was short lived . I found the monopod extended very smoothly but the bottom section did not collapse . I tried various ways including holding the release button with one hand making sure it released the lever before squeezing the lever with the other hand . The top section lowered smoothly but the bottom section just would not budge . I finally collapsed it by turning the bottom section like a screw for what seemed like forever . I then had the pleasure of asking my friend to return and exchange it after Christmas.As I understand it , the return process was very good and a new one was sent out in a timely manner . I received my second one from my friend soon after the first one was returned . I immediately tested the monopod to ensure it extended and collapsed properly . I was satisfied and put it aside . However , a few weeks later when I took it out to use it I found that it would not stay in the extended position . Just the weight of the Manfrotte 496RC2 Compact Ball Head caused it to collapse . I just could n't believe it . I had done a lot of research about the Manfrotte products and they generally received fairly good review . I thought they made quality products . Is it really my luck that I received 2 defective products one after another?I was still sold on the design that allows you to use one hand to operate the extension and retraction of the monopod , so I went to a local store to enquire about it . They did not have the 685B model but did have the 334B model . I asked to see it to make sure it would work properly . However , upon further search in their computer system , I was told that the unit was not available , and in fact it was to be returned to the distributor because of a defective mechanism . Now I have completely lost faith with Manfrotte . Do they really make quality products or is it a lot of hype and simple marketing ploy?I felt very bad having to ask my friend to return the 685B a second time . I still could not believe it and I was very disappointed . At the end , I went ahead and purchased a more compact , much stronger and lighter Velbon GEO E64 carbon fiber monopod for a few dollars less . Furthermore , I now have the peace of mind that it will perform every time I use it .
 I 've had 2 of these monopods in my possession now and neither one of them ever worked properly . The bottom segment either fails to lock or wo n't retract . Not after many uses mind you , we 're talking right out of the box ! The bottom line is that this is a very cheaply made product that would be over priced at half of what they charge for it . What good is `` special aeronautical grade aluminum alloy '' if the internal components are made up of plastic tinker toys ?? This monopod is like a Ferrari with a Pinto engine . A beautiful worthless piece of junk .
 I liked this monopod after the first use , even though it is heavy.Unfortunately I could n't find a second chance to use , it as its notorious rubber foot got lost . After a quick search over the internet for a replacement , I found that this is big problem with this otherwise good monopod . . Without rubber foot it is useless , how can you stabilize it over a spike ?
 There is a reason why this is only 20 $ . I bought this because all I wanted was something to play CDs ... It is n't skip proof so when ever you even touch the CD player it will start skipping ... I recommend this to the people who have a flat , stable surface , a small money purse , and an mp3 player . This should only be bought so that you have a way of testing the CDs you may or may not want ... I love my CD player anyway ...
 I think the the Clarion Calypso is a nicely designed unit with a great menu system and wonderful features for a plug-and-play satellite receiver . I just wish I could listen to mine more . Like another reviewer here my unit suffers from a defect and getting it repaired is a frustrating affair . When my receiver gets warm it will throw up the `` Acquiring signal '' warning on the display . Sometimes after several minutes the unit will come back and play fine . Other times it will be out for the day . It is not an antenna problem or a signal problem . There is a defect within the unit itself . During the summer months it is pretty much dead all the time.They should refer to this as a Sirius disposable radio .
 I have owned two of these units , both brand new . The first one lasted about 2 years and then started overheating . So I chalked it up to overuse an bought a second one . This one was working fine for about a year and then stopped acquiring the satellite signal . No bars . The ID screen is blank . Like it forgot who it was.Is there a way to reset these things or re-enter the ID?Buyer beware . These units are a waste of money . And to add insult to injury , Sirius charges you to move the service to a replacement unit .
 I bought from an authorized dealer , and had it professioanlly installed . Everythng worked well for almost a year , then the unit became unreliable . After a few minutes , apparently after the thing gets warm , the display reads `` Acquiriung Signal '' . After first I blamed Sirius , but after a few days I realized it must be the Calypso itself . Sometimes it might start working again if I turn it off for a while , but for the most part the unit is gone.I am very disappointed . Modern electronics usually last much longer , especially when no moving parts are involved . Since I have seen others complaining about this same issue , I would have to recommend you avoid the Calypso . Shame on Clarion .
 It worked for a few days , at which point the FM transmitter stopped working completely . I was quite surprised and aggravated to find out that I can not return the item ! NYC Electronics and all other internet vendors -LRB- Clarion tells me -RRB- are not `` authorized '' Clarion dealers , and therefore wo n't accept exchanges for ANY REASON . Also NO WARRANTY . If something goes wrong , you have to PAY Clarion to fix it , on top of having to arrange the shipping . In the end , you could just buy a new one for the same amount of money . RIP OFF !
 These compatible cartridges worked just fine in the past for me . In fact , I 've tried to order them twice in the past few weeks from eforcity . In both cases , the orders were not completed . They sat on the second order for over a week with no explanation as to why . They used to be responsive , but it seems that has changed . They did claim my charge would be returned , but I 've not yet confirmed this .
 It is a horrible digital camera ! It has terrible picture quality , and no LCD screen . 4 out of the 5 pictures I took on this camera came out blurry . Do n't bother taking pictures in low lighting because they wo n't come out at all . It is a waste of money ! It may be cheap but it 's crappy!I will never , ever get an argus digital camera again ! DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ! Do not ever buy a VGA Digital Camera , they are terrible ! I hope I have convinced you not to buy the camera . If I were you , I would get a digital camera that is at least 2MP -LRB- Megapixels -RRB- or above .
 Beware of this product . It always freezes up half way though the download when transfering photos to my computer . I have another USB 1.0 card reader that works perfectly . I upgrade to get the speed boost with USB 2.0 , but this product is fundamentally flawed and buggy .
 I just got this SD card reader because my Macbook -LRB- new -RRB- does not have an SD card slot . Anyway , this product says it 's completely compatible with both Macs and PCs . However , for some reason , whenever I try to transfer pictures or any data on my SD card to my computer , the thing stops working . It unmounts from my desktop and tells me that the disk has not been ejected properly . I tried disk utility repair , but it does the same thing when I try to repair it . Then my Mac tells me to reformat the disk - I have no idea what that even means , and whenever I try to access the disk or the information on it , it gets really temperamental and stops working . This thing sucks .
 My computer recogized this drive just fine - only problem was , it did n't recognize the memory card in the drive . Tried on 2 computers with XP ; one said there was no memory in the drive , and the other tried to format the memory - then said it could n't . I removed the memory and it worked fine in my cellphone -LRB- micro SD -LRB- in a standard SD adapter for use with the reader -RRB- -RRB- . Maybe it was a problem with the adapter , but I think it was this reader , so I 'm returning the reader .
 I bought two of these about 6 months ago . I tried using them both and within 10 minutes of using each they were fried ! I bought them through another site and had to pay more to return them than I paid to buy the two of them . Although they were cheap , consider another card reader .
 Was n't obvious by description that the `` universal '' card reader only took the small cards . My Canon uses larger size cards so had to return it .
 you think there is memory but alas you have been fooled - worthless
 I thought this device was great when I first got it . Then I decided to run a test and write some files and read them back . Corruption ! I spent hours testing this reader versus another reader that I already had using two different memory cards . The other reader/writer I had NEVER resulted in corrupted data . This reader corrupted data ! So get this reader only if you do n't care about a few corrupted bits and bytes here and there . I have requested a replacement unit to try out just in case I got a defective unit and will post an update to this review with the follow-up results.UPDATE
 Can not recommend buying from ANTonline . It took them 20 days to ship a product they could send in first class mail for $ 1.20 . Second , their customer service was ignorant at best .
 I did n't read the fine print from the seller and was saddled with a generic reader . The generic unit , which I received , works fine , however I was n't happy that the IOGEAR was represented on the presentation page , but the fine print stated `` generic '' .
 Apparently this device works great for some and lousy for others . Unfortunately , I fall into the latter category . When I tried using it , half the time my computer would n't even recognize it , and the other half of the time it did n't see any of the data I knew was on it .
 This has never worked for me . Ever . No matter whether it is plugged into either of my two hubs , or directly into my computer . Nothing . Nada . Do n't waste your money .
 I , too , am in the minority of users who have huge problems with this device freezing up during transfer and/or not being recognized by the computer.Given the disproportionate amount of glowing reviews , I 'm left to wonder if this is due to some software configuration on my part -LRB- as well as that of other negative reviewers -RRB- ; but regardless , I would n't recommend taking the gamble . Before buying this product , I read the reviews , noticed that only 4 or 5 people gave negative reviews , and dismissed them as outliers . However , I 'm wishing I had n't ; particularly since I bought three of them for friends/family .
 This product sounded like a great idea , but unfortunately , it causes sporadic errors when trying to read or write to it . At first I thought I had a bum SD flash chip , but that was n't the case
 I bought this cable , but it suffered from an unacceptable amount of interference . Faint green and purple rolling bands ruined my picture . Replacing it with a shorter cable fixed the problem.Don ' t buy a longer cable than you need , and consider spending a little more for a higher quality wire if you need all 50 feet .
 Even though this is a bargain , the quality is terrible . The picture is horrible ! Does n't do pictures justice . Not user friendly at all . Very difficult to figure out . Over all
 I needed a plug and play device for my mom who is computer illiterate and ca n't view her digital photos that way . I thought this would be a nice alternative . She could take her memory card straight from the camera to the digital frame . Nope . Does n't work that way . The frame only displays pictures with a certain style of filename , no more than four digits long , and it does n't recognize the `` underbar '' charater . So , first I had to download the pictures to a computer for her and rename them all , then re-upload them to the memory card . Second , it only displays pictures in a JPG format , but these were created that way , so no problem there . Once I got the pictures to display on the digital frame , the resolution was awful ! The colors were off and the pictures fuzzy and unclear , even though on the conputer screen , the pictures were beautiful . Anyway , I boxed the silly thing up and returned it . No way was it worth $ 100 . I would n't pay a single dollar for it because it does n't do what it says . It 's not a good display for digital pictures , unless maybe you print one out and tape it to the front of the frame !
 Stay away ! This product has horribly low resolution -LRB- note that it is n't even listed -RRB- . The pictures have a very yellow tinge , and the controls ca n't eliminate it . This is the worst product I 've ever purchased from Amazon - by a large margin !
 I was very disappointed in this item . The quality of the displayed pictures -- both in resolution and color , was horrible . Like the other reviewers said , the pictures have a yellow tint that you can not correct with the frame 's controls . I would not recommend this product .
 I thought I just got bad one , but judging from the other reviews it is this product The screen is either in a really weird purple and yellow hue or just blck and white , also it is off center the same way that a crt monitor looks if you mess with its settings , also the picture was really fuzzy , althought the actual frame was nice looking
 The quality of this product was very poor . The pictures shown on the various websites show a nice sandy beach and nice true color , however , this was not the case . The product does not have near the same quality of the LCD Televisions out on the market . As long as you stand about 6 feet back , you may not notice the pixels of your favorite picture .
 I did not purchase this frame , but not based on the reviews here . Consumer Reports review stated the picture quality on any frame of this size is not very good as they are all low resolution . I checked this model out locally along with other brands and found this to be true . I also found the SmartParts seemed simpler to use than others.I wound up purchasing three SmartParts frames -LRB- two SP-DPF84 -RRB- that they call 8 inch that have 800 x 600 resolution . With high res cameras these are much better .
 If I could give this zero stars I would . I bought this to give to my parents as a gift - good thing I looked at it prior to giving it . The screen resolution is TERRIBLE . The pictures are way to yellow looking and there is no way to adjust the color . The photos look distorted and of very poor quality . I 'm returning it - I do not recommend this product . The pricing is WAAAY off .
 Well , purchased the Cobra HH425 waterproof , handheld marine radios about a year ago and still have n't seem to find a earbuc/mic that works . Thought that a Cobra brand earbud would work , but apparently not the waterproof marine radios .
 The originals -LRB- GA-EB M2 -RRB- that came with the Walkies failed after 1 yr and they are not comfortable to wear . They are cheaply made , low quality , overpriced . I would like to see someone produce a set with good quality for the CXR925 microtalk radios .
 I 've had a pair of the Cobra GMRS LI 6000-2 WX VP 2 Way Radios with which I was totally satisfied . When my wife and I bought mountain bikes we found the radios difficult to use while riding so I bought a pair of the earbud headsets . They are TOTALLY USELESS . The earpiece will not stay in the ear . Any kind of head motion at all and it falls out . This is as useless an accessory as I 've ever purchased . Do n't waste your money .
 I have a Samsung monitor screen near a window where it can catch the early morning light in winter . So when the monitor is off I can get a very good look at what is on the screen , dust etc. . The iClean product , which I have just thrown away after numerous attempts to use it , really makes a mess . With persistence all the dust etc. can be removed , but it 's impossible to get the streaks out that the cleaner itself puts there - a real mess . It is possible to sort of clean the screen so that when it is turned on I can sort of convince myself that remaining streaks do n't mater that much , and anyway the sun will move round in an hour or so . . However this is quite unnecessary , the regular cleaner I use for my anti-reflective spectacle lenses works very well -LRB- Hilco Shield AR cleaner -RRB- in combination with a good microfiber cloth , and even successfully cleans up the streaky film left by the iClean -LRB- wash the cloth as per instructions after doing this -RRB- .
 Save yourself $ 10 and buy a jar of mayonnaise , you 'll get the same results smearing that all over your screen . Guess I should n't be surprised buying a product from a company known for selling -LRB- scamming -RRB- overpriced `` premium '' audio cables . A one star review is the lowest you can give . It 's also generous for this product .
 Ordered by mistake two items of the same kind . Called three times to have one item returned to my account . No response from company and no phone call or e-mail message . Very frustrating ''
 I purchased this for my child , but it was way too big . My child is in the 6th grade . do n't waste your money.My child is the average weight and height of a 12 year old .
 Ordered by mistake two items of the same kind . Called three times to have one item returned to my account . No response from company and no phone call or e-mail message . Very frustrating ''
 TheMonster AI ICLN-S iClean + ScreenCleancleans the screen well , but inevitably leaves behind streaks . No matter how hard I try , I can not use it on my computer display or HDTV without leaving streaks . I do n't plan on purchasing this product again .
 I got a 30 inch monitor and this stuff to maintain it . Even using the supplied cloth , streaks are unavoidable . Ive been using it for over a month and I wish I had tried something else .
 I bought this stuff based on the reviews I read here.But its sure has n't performed as I expected . Every time my wife or I clean the big screen LCD with it and its go back and clean again and again to try and get rid of the streaks . This stuff is n't much unless your ok with streaking.Don ' t buy it .
 Full disclosure ... I have n't purchased this product , but did buy a different screen cleaner . Because of my experience and others who 've had the same problems with this cleaner , I thought I should share what I 've learned.The cleaner I purchased left a film & streaks on my TV and it did n't remove the fingerprints on the piano black bezel . I then found this information on Samsung 's website , under the Q&A ; section for my TV , model LN46B630 with a matte screen
 I got this Item because of the reviews in here , used it on my Samsug HD220 3 to 4 times , and it leaves some marks on my screen , if you look from side . Next cleaner I will get from store . Very Expensive Item too , for what it does . Turn the Monitor on and you wont see the marks any more , till it 's off . This Item completely evaporates but you still can see it on screen after use . Maybe it just for my Monitor ?
 Tiny pad/cloth . This solution from Monster does n't even have the capability of removing fingerprint oils . I got some jojoba moisturizing oil on the my ASUS and thought this stuff had made it far worse . It not only just moved it around , but seemed to interact with it and leave other residue . Terrible stuff . You 're better off highly diluting isopropyl alcohol with distilled water and using some soft cotton cloths . Then use other cloths with just the distilled water last and continue buffing with new clean cloths until dry . Complete waste of money .
 Leaves behind streaks . No matter how hard I try , I can not use it on my computer display or HDTV without leaving streaks . Monster products are and always have been overpriced and have some of the worst customer service ever !!! I do n't plan on purchasing this product or any Monster product again !!! For best results get an iCloth or a Libman Windex Cloth !!
 I used this product across multiple monitors based on reviews here , I got to say I am not impressed at all . My monitor is streaked well beyond what it was before I used it .
 Used to use this on my Apple iMac but it left the screen covered in smudges . Switched to Philips LCD cleaner which leaves the glass completely clear .
 As a birder who has owned quality optics -LRB- i.e. , Bausch & Lomb Elite , Swarovski , Kowa , and Leica -RRB- , in my opinion the Celestron VistaPix pales in comparison . It feels and performs more like a toy than a quality binocular - which is not too surprising given the approx . $ 150 price tag.First , the eyecups are not sufficiently deep so that I can not rest the binoculars against my eyes to resolve the two circles of light into a single view ; it is already difficult enough to hold them steady without having the benefit of steadying them against myself . Second , the focus wheel is unnecessarily small and the wheel does not rotate evenly , so that the binoculars jerk side to side while focusing . Third , the strap is nothing more than a cheap string reminiscent of a camera strap on a free give-a-way camera . Moreover , the strap is clumsily attached near the center-top of the binoculars which gets in the way of focusing the binoculars and navigating the camera controls . The strap length and placement also cause the binoculars to hang awkwardly , protruding forward and bouncing with every stride - it should have been apparent to the designers that the strap should be attached to the binocular 's outer edges -LRB- as it is in ALL binoculars -RRB- . To add insult to injury , the strap is permanently attached so that you can not replace it with a quality neckstrap . The bottom line is that , in light of Celestron 's better quality line of binoculars , Celestron clearly can do better.Most limiting on the camera side for birding purposes , the VistaPix has a fixed focus so that only objects farther than 50 feet will be in focus . This minimum focus , at 8x , is practically useless for photographing birds other than pterodactyls -LRB- or ostriches , rheas , emus , cranes , storks , albatrosses , etc -RRB- . Photographing sparrows or warblers yielded photos of unidentifiable blips . Also limiting is the fixed shutter speed with resulting blurry images when trying to photograph birds -LRB- which are typically moving -RRB- . Given that even some disposable cameras have an optional setting to capture fast action , the VistaPix should give the photographer some flexibility . In addition , it is difficult to hold the camera steady enough to obtain sharp images - I can not imagine how the 10x version can ever be hand-held for photography . The technological solution is probably image stabilization - even a rudimentary form of image stabilization would be immensely helpful . With image stabilization , 10x magnification would be preferable especially if the minimum focus remains no better than 50 feet.Last , but not least , is there any excuse for a digital image of less than 3 megapixels in this day and age ? In sum , I would prefer a product that is twice or thrice the price , and is commensurate in quality so that the end-result is truly useful for birding and photographing birds .
 Ordered by mistake two items of the same kind . Called three times to have one item returned to my account . No response from company and no phone call or e-mail message . Very frustrating ''
 Amazon says this unit is immune to Plasma and flat screen interference , but it is NOT -LRB- manufacturers box also says it is immune -RRB- . Maybe the box IS immune , but the IR receiver inside it , sadly , is not!To be fair - I would have given this system a 5 star rating if it worked with my Sony XBR LCD . Set-up is easy and straight-forward . I installed this along with the repeater hub and flashers in about an hour or two , including running 20 feet or CAT5 cable and installing the requisite single gang electrical box . In initial tests everything worked as it was supposed to - the signals were repeated and the receiver seems to take IR signals from quite a wide angle . There is a little blue LED on the unit that provides ` feedback ' , flashing to let you know that an IR signal from your remote was received and re-broadcast . You can also hook a second 12v adapter from your A/V Receiver 's switched outlet into the repeater hub -LRB- this is in addition to the 12v power supply used to power it -RRB- and this provides feedback via the IR receiver showing if your amp is on or off -LRB- Green LED this time -RRB- This 12v adapter -LRB- transformer -RRB- requires a 3.5 mm jack into the hub ; something I could only find in RadioShack . I was very proud of myself , the set up was very cool and the LED feedback is very useful . Alas , the story does not end there ; my final test was to turn on my TV and enjoy the new power at my fingertips!I turned on my 46 '' Sony XBR LCD TV - but noticed as soon as the TV came on , that the blue LED kept flashing continuously , like it was flooded with IR . I had read about LCDs interfering , which is why I bought this ` immune ' IR receiver , but evidently , it is n't immune to my Sony . The effect is not marginal either ; there is nothing less than a total loss of function with the TV on.Amazon has no techs so were of little use when I called , so I was forced to call JobSite System who manufactures this item . They admitted that this unit is not immune to ` newer TVs ' which can ` defeat ' the system - which make it sound like Sony went out of their way to beat this thing . Anyway , they told me there is a MKII version which can handle the newer LCDs . Amazon do n't seem to stock it , so I ordered elsewhere . Have n't tried the MKII yet and I am not sure if other LCDs would be OK with the original unit or not .
 Hi , I am generally very happy with the stuff I 've purchased on Amazon from a variety of different manufacturers . But this one not only does not work - it literally stopped working a day after it arrived !!!! Please go for something of better quality/different brand , even if it costs a few dollars more.Best wishes , A customer from LA
 It stopp working after like a week , even on new batteries . Plus there is no anti-skip though they say there is . I bought a different one at toysrus on sale for alitle bit more money and it works like a charm . It 's betta than this piece of crap ! Well ... you get what you pay for .
 This product SEEMS great for those using their computer -LRB- or a computer hooked up to a TV -RRB- for entertainment . You have the `` Media Center '' button to bring up recorded/live TV and movies . There 's a touchpad mouse and magnifier button on the wireless keyboard so you can navigate around the computer -LRB- say for streaming movies from the internet -RRB- from the comfort of a distant couch , and there 's even a 4-port USB hub on the charging station which proves handy for things like plugging in a 10-key number pad -LRB- which the keyboard itself lacks -RRB- . My experiences with defects and support , however , lead me to rate the Wireless Desktop 8000 poorly.I 've actually been through two of these units so far . The first had an off-kilter peg that rendered the right-hand mouse charger broken . I was able to take the first unit back to the store for a replacement , but I got home to discover the mouse in the replacement set had a cosmetic defect where the `` r '' of `` Microsoft '' was missing.I called Microsoft to see if they 'd send a replacement mouse , since I paid so much for the system , and they -LRB- rudely -RRB- replied in the negative.Ordinarily I might agree with their rationale over the relatively small detail , but this is a $ 300 desktop system , and you expect a certain level of quality to go along with the price tag.As it stands , I feel like I 've purchased the Lexus luxury sedan of desktop keyboards where the first product I received was missing a wheel , and the second , which I 'm stuck with , had a big scratch down the side straight from the factory.I 'd claim that the Wireless Desktop 8000 is a well-designed system , but the lack of quality control and customer support to back up the product leads me to advise strongly against purchasing the system .
 DO NOT buy this product if you want to spend any time at all actually WORKING , rather than troubleshooting why the keyboard and/or mouse does n't work . I have already rebooted my machine -LRB- an HP Pavilion tx 2000 -RRB- 6 times this morning , and it 's not yet 10A ; I 've spent at least an hour a day for the last 2 weeks trying to resolve why I am having such frequent lock-ups , most of which require an unsafe shutdown . The most annoying is the regularly occurring `` stuck keys , '' where you 're typing along , and all of a sudden , you type a letter and then it just keeps on typing , over and over , on every screen you go to , Word document , Excel spread , even password screens . there is no solution but to reboot . This product is very expensive and is SO NOT WORTH IT . stay with the wire , go back to the wire , or pick something else , but do n't buy this nightmare of a product .
 DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!It is plastic and flimsy , mine only lasted a little over a month before it fell apart . In the pictures it looks like it is metal it is really just plastic though.For me the charging became an off and on issue after 2 weeks then it sort of just fell apart , the keyboard keys came right off . I was very unhappy with this product and I would not recommend it to any of my friends , maybe my enemies , this product is so bad I would not even give it to my enemies .
 Will try to keep this short . Had this set for around 3 years now . First , its way over priced . This mouse and keyboard set have some great features . I love the design with its low profile slimness . Love the lighted keys . The main problem I have found is the the thing constantly needs to be synced to the Bluetooth receiver . This occurs when the computer is turned on and the profile is logged in . Then it just stops responding . You have to open control panel and re-sync the mouse and keyboard . To do so I had to break out my older , non-Bluetooth mouse/keyboard so that I could enter the commands that will re-sync the MS 8000 keyboard/mouse . It just made the whole purpose of owning/using the MS 8000 Keyboard/Mouse pointless . This averaged every other computer reboot -LRB- computer was turned off whenever not is use -RRB- . The batteries are Energizer 2000mAh rechargeable batteries . If you ever used rechargeable batteries , they tend to lose power over time with less and less holding power.Bottom-line
 I like the fact that the keyboard can be recharged and used also while charging , but the materials used to what 's meant to be a high-end mice and keyboard set are just so low-end . The metallic-like color on the mouse started to wear off just after 2 months of use . I 've notices that the aluminium silver color was getting darker the side where I lay down my palm and in addition to that after a while the `` Microsoft '' turned into `` Micros '' . Needless to note that as a guy I do n't use any creams or wear parfume on my hands . And I 've been using only a microfibre towel for cleaning any dirt - no detergents at all .
 Overall it has a lot of nice features that you 'd expect from a $ 250 keyboard + mouse set . Read the marketing description if you want to fall in love with this product , which I did . I am sure you can read about all the nice things about this keyboard above . I 'll just mention the issues , the ones that they left out in the product description , intentionally or unintentionally.Issues :1 . the surface of the keyboard is very easily scratched . The keys looks like soft plastic with metallic paint , they scratches terribly easily . For the shiny aluminum look , they should have thought about the scratch issues , I 've only had the keyboard for 2 days and I already have 3 very obvious scratches , 2 on keys and one at the top of the keyboard near the charging contacts .2 . driver software needs some work . While installing in Vista x86 went relatively smoothly , I do not understand why the installation would ask you to reconnect your keyboard and mouse since they are already connected . What was Microsoft driver team thinking ? If that was ok for Vista x86 , installing in Vista x64 was a pure disaster . Each software -LRB- intellipoint and intellitype , both freshly downloaded form Microsoft -RRB- asked for mouse and keyboard to be re-connected , and reconnected again !!! After rebooting , the mouse works , but keyboard shows connected but something wrong with the passkey . It took a total of 5 reconnects of both mouse and keyboard to get it working in Vista x64 . Someone ought to get fired at Microsoft for this .3 . the magnifying function is ridiculous , it flashes and disables the Vista Aero interface before showing up . Why does it need to do that ? 4 . Escape key is at a weird place , and I accidentally hit F1 every time I want to hit Escape . There is a Fn key where Windows key normally is , the round windows key at the bottom of the keyboard is nice and OK but why ca n't there be a windows key where one is expected ? Such design makes Windows key combinations more tedious to execute such as Windows-E , Windows-R , maybe the designer of the keyboard is not smart enough to be aware of such combinations -LRB- hint they are published on MS website -RRB- . The lack of numeric keypad is a hassle at times , whether doing number cruching or running video game trainers .5 . the backlit keys are OK , but the light is too soft . Using the brightness adjustment and setting to max still only yield a very soft back light . Do not expect them to light up your dark room for you .6 . The touch pad -LRB- the area to the top right of the keyboard with 4 directional and an OK button in the middle -RRB- works OK but does not work like a typical touch pad . The speed of movement is rather unpredictable , and trying to `` click '' with the touch pad is error-prone .7 . There is a back button but not a forward button .8 . The media center key always lauches the Media Center in full screen mode . And that key does not show up under keyboard control panel for you to change its behavior . Again , what is Microsoft thinking ?! Being able to run Media Center in normal window mode vs full-screen was one of the features they boasted for Vista and the damn keyboard took it all away .9 . The included rechargeable battery is 2000mAh Energizer , not my favorite brand when it comes to rechargeable battery -LRB- read reviews of these batteries on Amazon -RRB- , Microsoft should 've done some research on the batteries .10 . the charging stand when in contact with the keyboard makes a faint but definitive high-pitched noise . I can make it go away by re-seating it on top of the keybaord , but it is still somewhat audible now that you know it is there . It feels like some sort of vibration that 's causing the noise.I can keep going . Do n't get me wrong , I still like this keyboard/mouse set and am not returning it , not yet at least . But they do annoy me . Oh by the way , the mouse works perfectly and feels heavy -LRB- which I like -RRB- and very accurate . No complaints there . The keyboard could use lot of improvement . Is anyone at Microsoft reading this ? Send me a new set of keys if you are -LRB- need 5 and 9 for now -RRB- . These scratched keys are such an eye sore , and I swear I do not even remember scratching them with anything . I 've never managed to scratch a keyboard in my whole life until now .
 This is a poor keyboard . You 'd think from the price tag it would be something great but it 's not . I have to turn in off \ on all the time it just stops working mid sentence . Some keys like the Windows key have never worked . The function keys are weird and you end up hitting them without meaning to .
 Recently I purchased this very bad wireless microsoft keyboard and mouse set -LRB- used -RRB- . I returned the item to the seller because I did not like it . I returned it to the third party seller , because it was clunky , had some wear and tear -LRB- the paint job was chipped and worn-out in severel spots -RRB- , came in oily -LRB- believe it or not -RRB- , and there were a lot of other lighter , more ergonomical wireless keyboard choices on the market that were cheaper and a lot more attractive -LRB- with more features and capabilities -RRB- ! The springs on some of the keyboard buttons did not work -LRB- were damaged -RRB- or were worn out , aswell . I had to go through my credit card agency just to issue a refund -LRB- something I definetly did not want to resort to , and something that will definely cause certain people not to get their monitary funds returned -RRB- . I 'm embarrassed to say I spent 100 $ for -LRB- by far -RRB- the cheapiest one . Not only was the package highly mis-represented , this product , just does not work in so many ways ! I would recommend buying this product , used , for as little as 5 $ , no more ... new 10 $ max . Even then , you would still be a little upset about it -LRB- no joke -RRB- . You 'll be asking yourself , `` where did my 5 to 10 dollars go ! '' ? You could easily take a trip over to Best Buy and pick one out for under 50 $ for which , you would be easily satisfied of ... and not have to spend days waiting for your order to arrive via Amazon.com . Moving on , the keys mounted on the keyboard are awkwardly placed so you have to re-learn how to type just to use them . The word `` acuity '' and lack thereoff comes to mind when I think of this clunker as I 'm scrolling and typing . -LRB- As you can see I have nothing good to say about this product -RRB- The lights are hard to look at -LRB- I would even say that they hurt your eyes when you look at them -RRB- and the Start Button is unnecessary and happens to be the center of the keyboard . The package for return included all the items of the orginal order
 To make a long story short . I love this keyboard , it 's light compact fairly well laid out.My problem is with simple durability . I have already been through two units , and I 'm giving up . The first unit lasted about 6 weeks before the paint was worn clean off the A and S keys from simple daily use . And I am not a dirty individual , so this was n't a case of abuse , just simple not a durable enough paint on the keyboard . I got a replacement unit from Microsoft , which lasted about a month before the exact same thing happened.Now to add on top of that , the keyboard wo n't wake up sometimes from it 's sleep mode without resyncing it via bluetooth . And now the batteries in the keyboard seem to be acting up , only lasting about 4 hours before I need to recharge them , this is without even light to moderate use.In addition the replacement mouse they sent just wo n't charge . It begins to charge and then starts to blink red after about 5 minutes.All in all I 've had enough . The keyboard looks great , but has some serious flaws to be used as a normal daily use desktop set . Especially for a $ 300 keyboard ! My only other complaint , may not bother most people , but for someone who works with with Linux machines it does . The Insert key is not a dedicated key on the keyboard , but one you have to access through use of a function key . So a simple task like a paste in a telnet client , which you need to use shift + insert , since cntl + c is reserved , now requires a 3 keystroke juggle to accomplish a simple task.Better luck next time Microsoft . Better paint and quality control might have saved this keyboard . But until the flaws are resolved , it 's an expensive piece of pretty equipment that does n't hold up it 's end of the bargain .
 I received this keyboard and mouse for a gift about 9 months ago and there are many things I like , but many more I do n't like.On the plus side , it 's very comfortable to use . The backlit keys are a pleasing color and the ability to turn the light up or down is great . If all of these things worked perfectly , this would be a great keyboard.There are , however , several downsides . The first is that the keyboard wo n't work until your bluetooth drivers are loaded . This became annoying , since my laptop is on a docking station at an uncomfortable angle . To log on to the computer , I had to use the laptop keyboard . No worries though , because the keyboard also comes with the ability to not use bluetooth and use USB instead . That problem was solved.Now on to the ergonomic design . Through the years I 've had many bent and tilted keyboards that I enjoyed . In fact , I 've always used ergonomically designed keyboards . This is my least favorite . While the bend is nice , it does n't go far enough if a true ergonomic design is what you want.Now on to more annoying things . I do most of my computer work in a low light room in the evening . If you use this keyboard with illumination on at maximum for more than a couple of hours , the backlight turns off when the batteries are low . No worries though ... the keyboard still works . Just no backlight . It will continue to work for hours after the backlight turns off.Now on to another problem . For this price , where is the integrated numeric keypad?Now to the most annoying problem of all . Recharging . My unit no longer charges properly unless I recharge it when my computer is on . Also , the recharging station is large -LRB- about 3x5 -RRB- and it 's an annoyance on my desk . That 's a big , bulky addition to my desk that I do n't really want.So , here is the bottom line . Would I buy one ? No . Not unless it was in the $ 20 range . In fact , I wrote this review while looking for a USB illuminated keyboard to replace this one.If bluetooth is not important to you , your best bet is to look for a cheaper lit keyboard . The price of this unit will never make up for the shortcomings . If bluetooth is mandatory , I suppose this will do , but be aware that this is n't perfect .
 Pros : very comfortable keys and layout , backlit keys.Cons : After first few weeks started having problems with charging the mouse -LRB- poor contacts resulting in constant blinking red light -RRB- , had to position the mouse EXACTLY right on the charging pins.Left shift key broke after 3 months of use -LRB- I do a fair bit of typing but I am not a writer or a coder or anything like that -RRB- . Overall I do not think this is a good value for the price .
 Keyboard goes into sleep mode to preserve battery life but does not respond to keystrokes until you have typed 7 - letters and even then most letters do not appear on screen . I have spent hours on the phone with Microsoft and was called by a senior technician today who informed me that it is a major problem that they are aware of and that they have no date to correct . He acknowledged he was having the same problem with his hardware . He also stated that was spending most of his day dealing with this problem . Very frustrating , since it is the coolest keyboard I have ever used .
 The product was sent with unrequested `` signature '' required delivery which actually made it late because I had to take time off from work to pick it up.The product was brand new but was not was not retail
 This model has some issues.First is that the Bluetooth USB device is finicky with my BIOS . I own a Dell XPS and this item worked fine for several weeks , but when I upgraded the BIOS the OS would freeze on the splash screen . After several weeks on the phone with Dell I decided to roll back the BIOS myself - since the problem correlated with the upgrade . It fixed the problem but now I 'm stuck with a BIOS I ca n't upgrade.Second is the battery situation . These are chewing through new batteries at a rate that exceeds KB&M ; that do n't have a recharging station . It 's annoying that the whole purpose of me getting this set was to avoid this very thing . I 'd easily consider it might be my particular set , but since I have 3 sets on 3 different computers ... and that they all have this problem ... yeah.The third problem is trivial but a little annoying . The KB is supposed to light up when you use it and fade out when you 're away from it . It 's hit or miss but the only time I ever take notice is when I 'm gaming -LRB- in the dark of course -RRB- and I ca n't see the keys . I should look to see if there is a key to turn the lights on , otherwise I hope they fix this on the next model.Fourth is where the engineers decided to plug the power into the docking station cord . It 's only a few inches from the docking station which creates this knot where the cord splits into a power cord and a USB cord . Aside from it being ugly , it always catches on edge of my desk when I need to connect the station to my KB since the charge does n't last too long -LRB- see problem # 2 -RRB- . Lastly , the middle mouse wheel is hideous . It takes way too much pressure to push down on if you need to use it for middle-clicking . I use several 3D programs that require a middle click feature , so I 'm now having to use another USB mouse when I work in a program that requires it.Overall this thing is built for the casual computer user and looks really , really nice -LRB- surprising in spite of the power cord knot and that MS rarely manufactures aesthetically appealing products -RRB- ... anyone creating 3D art should look for something better suited for more-than-casual-use , especially if a middle-click feature is required to operate your software or game.Cheers.Oh , if you need to access your BIOS then keep an old fashioned KB&M ; nearby since none of the keystrokes on the 8000 register until the OS loads .
 I tried using this on my Vista Ultimate 32-bit system for 3 weeks or so . I Have yet to get it working reliably . When you turn on the computer , the keyboard does n't work . No BIOS access , no safe mode access . Only when Windows boots does the hardware work . Keep a spare keyboard handy.If the system goes to sleep , the bluetooth dongle turns off . So you can not turn it back on with the keyboard . Get out a spare or hit the power button.I called MS about this and they at first could n't get me to keyboard tech support . They messed it up then flat out refused to . I called Amazon and got this number from them -LRB- 8009364900 -RRB- and connected with someone that spoke english . I have nothing against Indians , but they do n't know how to process calls at MS. Anyway , in the end they said that this keyboard is INCOMPATIBLE WITH THE BIOS of this or any computer . It wo n't work , you can not make it come on . Its possible if you have the computer fail on no keyboard and manually sync it , but its really tough if you 're in and out of the bios on a late night.Secondly , they said THIS KEYBOARD IS INCOMPATIBLE WITH SAFE MODE because of the same reason as above . Its possible , but improbable.As for not waking up sleep , they said a similar too bad to that one too . If I ca n't make it work , they say it was designed that way and too bad . What a crock.Mind you , my old Logitech optical desktop worked great on all these things , even the bios . There was about a 1 second delay from power-on to keyboard working , so you had to press fast but it was doable . This is basically impossible . MS actually told me to go into the bios -LRB- with another keyboard mind you -RRB- to turn off the no keyboard failure code on the BIOS . Wow.Sadly , I donated my Logitech wireless desktop to my parents when I got an iMac , who 's keyboard always works.I 've only listed the constant problems . I have intermittent issues of when I charge the keyboard/mouse it becomes unsynced . If I walk away for a day and try it it becomes unsynced . They volume control randomly works -LRB- or does n't -RRB- in Media Center . Its just a mess . The Logitech diNovo is also supposed to have major problems so I do n't know what to buy.Pro
 I got this as a gift . I had read about it and was pretty excited too . But when I opened the box , my first impression was , Huh ?? The keyboard felt really cheap . The letters were peeling , and the MS logo rubbed off the mouse after a couple of hours . The keyboard battery completely died after two recharges.If you 're thinking about getting this to save on the wire clutter , think again ! The charging unit is loaded down with them , and you have to drag it out of hiding every time you need to recharge . Quite the pain if you 're limited on desk space.The backlit keyboard was plus , but until they get the batteries figured out , it 's kind of useless.Out of respect for the person who gave me the gift , I have not returned it . But I have replaced it with a new Logitech MX 5500 . No backlit keyboard , but the quality of the Logitech product makes this MS keyboard really shine like the trash it is . The ONLY wire that comes with the Logitech is one to plug the mouse charger into the wall.Do yourself a favor and avoid this MS product
 How long has Microsoft been in the business ? Within three weeks the Microsoft label rubbed off of the mouse , and now I 've noticed that the lettering on the key caps are rubbing off . Given the price , one would have expected the lettering to have been embedded in the plastic not just painted on the surface . Typical for Microsoft -- mile wide and an inch deep.Also , note that if you have to reboot your computer because of a windows crash , the keyboard and mouse are useless because they require that bluetooth is running . So all of the keystrokes and mouse selections necessary to reboot ca n't be entered unless , of course , you connect a USB-based keyboard or one that plugs into the mouse and keyboard ports .
 THIS SO CALLED LIGHTED KEYBOARD IS VIRTUALLY USLESS FOR WHAT I PURCHASSED IT FOR . -LSB- ILLUMINATED KEYS -RSB- THE KEYS ARE SUPOSSED TO AUTOMATICALLY ILLUMINATE IN DIM LIGHT.I INTENDED TO UTILIZE IT WIRELESSLY WITH MY PLASMA TV BUT THE LIGHT FROM THE TV DROWNS OUT THE ILLUMINATION OF THE WEAKLY ILLUMINATED KEYS . DO NOT BUY THIS USELESS PRODUCT . A FLASHLIGHT IS MORE USEFULL THAN THIS PIECE OF GARBAGE
 Absolutely the worse keyboard/mouse set on the market . It is also the most expensive so one is easily fooled into thinking it must be better than the rest . It almost crashed my system and I had to do a restore several times to get rid of the problems it created . I returned it to AMAZON .
 DO NOT buy it , this garbag could n't read CD , always give your error message , you have to press play button again and again , some times it may play
 This CD player skips even while you are walking , or at the slightest movement you make . Definitely NOT worth getting .
 I bought this unit at ABC Warehouse and could not believe the price , I had the wife pick it up on the way home from work and connected it to my system as soon as she brought it in the house.I used to work for a cable company and I know all the in and outs for hooking these things up.After it was all plugged in and ready to go we checked the picture , it was unbelievably dark and washed out!I fiddled with it -LRB- hoping I could change the brightness etc. . . of the tuner -RRB- but to no avail . Thinking it was a `` bad '' unit I sent the wife back to exchange it for another , got it home hooked it up , same thing.Wanting the unit basically to record shows for my daughter I checked to see if I got the same dull washed out picture when I actually did some recording . To my dismay the picture quality was just as bad on the recorded media as it was from the tuner.As nice as the price was I had to return it yet again.I personally took it back and talked to the manager at the store and he pointed to a pile of returns with customers complaining not only of the picture , but sound quality also.Needless to say I did not give it a third try.My advice ? Stay away from this one it is a headache.I now have an order in for the CyberHome and will leave feedback when I evaluate it after some weeks / months of use.Hope this saves you the headache I had to put up with concerning this unit.Best of luck !
 I found this in a discount store in NYC and since it was cheap so I bought it . After a day I returned it and got a good refund , because if I had it longer I 'd have thrown it out of the window or burned it on my stove . -LRB- Background
 I live in Key West , FL so rarely make the 3hr drive to miami . I was up there at BrandSmartUSA and saw the Coby DVD R1100 -LRB- new version of the R1000 -RRB- for $ 148 new . I had wanted one for some time so thought this was my chance . I got it home and got all hooked up , ready to see what recording quality was like ... but never got that far since the DVD tray wo n't open ! I tried resetting , turning off power , etc. . I looked on their website for suggestions but nothing . I am not contacting customer service since they have inconvenient hours Mon-Fri only . I have to head back up to miami tomorrow so not passing up the chance to return it to miami so I can wait to talk to a tech next Mon that 's going to want me to return it anyway .
 The battery worked for about a month then stopped . I took it to Frys -LRB- the laptop was under warranty , and could a NEW battery fail that early ? -RRB- . They proceeded to tell me that it was the battery was not taking a charge . That cost me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- , due to the crappy battery . Then I had to pay shipping to return it -LRB- including the shipping I paid to GET it , another $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . All in all , it cost me $ 85 and I still do n't have a battery . Cheap junk .
 It took 10 days to get here . And when it did , it 's a GAMESTOP branded controller . The same one I foundthey carry at their brick and mortar store . The one 's in the store is white , this is black -LRB- or indigo , whatever -RRB- , but look for look andfunction for function it 's the same . Submitted the return request as soon as I opened it and saw the product . Doubtful I 'll get an approval.I 'll just hack together a controller of my preference . This is annoying .
 I paid 29.95 for mine . I was very disappointed in the poor quality . . expecially given the price I paid . I 'm sure there are better products out there . Do n't waste your $ $ $ .
 I had trouble setting up the drivers . The device paired with my device , but refused to work . I emailed the manufacturer in Korea and never recieved a reply with suggestions . I called it a loss and tossed it in a drawer until I could take apart their drivers or make my own up and get it working -LRB- given my work schedule , that might be never -RRB- . I understand that some people got it working with only moderate difficulty , or none at all . I am not one of those.Jim
 This thing would n't sync right ; the technology -LRB- even now -RRB- is n't right ... do n't waste your money . It was a waste and I could n't even get a refund . gross !
 After 16 hours and 3 computer teckies later could not get it to work other than my problem the laser keyboard is a great idea
 It might replace the en-el9 for the d40 -LRB- as indicated -RRB- , and it worked in my d60 . But when I went to charge it after the first use ... . nothing . Not sure if it 's a junk battery or what , but buyer beware !
 Yup . I agree with the other reviewer that says that after one use it will not be recognized by a proper , working charger . I got exactly one charge-up and use out of it before it stopped working in the charger . DO NOT BUY !
 I wanted a backup battery for my Nikon D40 when I traveled to Russia . I planned on taking tons of photos and did n't want to get caught with a depleted battery when I was shooting . I purchased this battery before my May 2007 trip and it worked ok for about three charges ... then died . It simply does not take a charge any more - and though inexpensive - I expected more than three uses . Buy another brand ... Lenmar is a dud .
 I have used a GE USB Optical Mouse for 1 year . I decided to try this iogear mouse as a back-up . Everything worked great for the first 15 minutes . I then walked away from my laptop and left it sitting there for about 30 minutes . When I came back and touched the mouse there was a spark in the USB port area . I am ESD -LRB- electro-static discharge -RRB- trained for my work and I know that I did not cause this shock . The USB ports still send power through but DO NOT register any devices plugged into them . I am going to trouble shoot the issue AND contact IOGEAR but I suggest no one else purchase this product . USB Ports on a laptop are not easily fixed -LRB- and what is the use of a laptop without USB !!! -RRB-
 Item was not brand new as it was advertised on Amazon.Speaker stands were scratched in several places.I only kept the stands because I could not find the model anywhere else.I am disappointed that Amazon would sell items as new when they clearly were not .
 This is a follow-up to my earlier review . Since then my scanner lamp failed . Warranty repair was quick and successful , but like the other reviewer they forgot to lock down the scanner head ! These lamps must be defective BIG TIME .
 I bought this scanner from Best Buy and it worked great for a couple of months . I really do n't use it all the often , but it 's nice to have it when I need it . After a couple of months , the lamp crapped out . Sent it back to Microtek -LRB- the only way to get the lamp replaced -RRB- and they installed a new lamp and sent it back . Everything was okay again . Until ... another couple of months have passed and now the lamp is out again . If I send it back for repair again , I 'll almost have paid as much in shipping costs as I paid for the scanner . NOT a reccomended purchase for anyone .
 Within the 1 year warranty period the scanner lamp burned out . Not a surprise since it stays on all the time . Microtek took 2 weeks to respond to e-mail and 2 more to process info . They had the nerve to then say the warranty had lapsed !!! They quoted 100-150 for repair and 10 for a box if they did n't like the one you sent it in . All for a scanner -LRB- almost half the price -RRB- . I 'm convinced that they never had any intention of honoring the warranty . And I have no intention of ever buying another product with the Microtek name .
 I bought this scanner from Amazon , and while the price was great , the money that I spent on it was completely wasted , since this scanner is not compatible with my computer ! I have a COMPAQ PRESARIO 7360 , which does not use a Pentium chip , and so my computer does not recognize this scanner . So beware - this scanner is not compatible with all computer , something that Microtek does NOT make the buyer aware of !
 Microtek should be embarrassed to have ever brought such a poorly designed , poorly built scanner to the market . The bulb is unbelievably fragile and can only be replaced by Microtek , shipping prepaid , and they want nearly as much for the `` free '' replacement as the scanner cost . My experience matches others I know who bought this scanner
 I bought this scanner about a year ago and have been using with the family IMAC . The scans come out poorly . The software that came with the scanner conflicts with my zip drive . It is so `` unfriendly '' that no one in the family uses it.Save your money , buy a rock for a paperweight and treat yourself to dinner .
 i got one , connect to hub and burn , cos i dont know what happend , i bought another , fist connect directly and work well , when connect to hub , BURN !!!! i send email to microtek , they told some recomendations but they say that they are not responsible ... . but they dont tellme that a can not connect to hub ... the scanner is good , but the service dont.i think i will try another company ,
 I am a Microtek fan so this product was disappointing . It is slower than my older Microtek scanner . It does well on color photographs but poor on scanning text . It especially fails when using Omnipro 10 which it claims to support . I sent it back !
 I purchased this scanner in Feburary of this year . I was pleased that the installation was easy and for what I used it for the quality of the scans were Ok . Unfortunately , the scanner totally quit functioning after 12 scans ! So the referral on this product being a `` work horse '' was n't true im my particular case . In contacting the manufacturer , I learned that the effort of getting this scanner fixed was n't worth the scanner . I would not recommend this scanner or manufacturer to anyone .
 I purchased my Microtek product less than a year ago . Actually , it was 7 months ago . The product stopped scanning some 2 months ago . Because Microtek does not provide the consumer with a warranty , for obvious reasons , I was stuck with it . I do not recommend that any one purchases a Microtek product . I will only buy Canon or HP . I 'm forced now to go out and buy another scanner soon . Its very frustrating . I , like the others , experienced that the lamp stayed on . And for me , the scanning `` rod '' inside would not move and scan the objects . Now please note that I have used this scanner all of 10-15 times since I 've purchased it , so its not like I 've used it daily . Again , stick with the big guys -LRB- Canon and HP -RRB- . With them you get better customer service , warranties , and quality products . And you wont end up being the guinea pig since they are still trying to get this thing right .
 After having the scanner for a little over a year the lamp burned out . I called Microtek and the only way to replace the bulb is to send the scanner to them and pay up to 200.00 to replace the lamp ! To make things worse I had to hold for 20 minutes long distance . They do n't even have an 800 customer service number . I 'm going to buy a new scanner today and will not buy from Microtek again . I would recommend the same to everyone .
 When we first got this scanner it was great - pictures and text scanned well & the software was easy to use . BUT , about 6 months into relatively light use , the scanner started making grinding noises & stopped working altogether.We sent it for repairs - it came back broken even worse -LRB- damaged in shipping -RRB- . Sent it back again for more repairs . Just got it back & it is not responding to anything . Overall , the quality is poor . We 're now in the process of sending it back for good . I hope ours was just a lemon !
 I liked this product until I tried to get it on my 2GB ipod and it would not fit . I struggled to get in on , succeeding in only making it part way , and then really struggled to get it back off . I do not recommend it . I do like the clip and since I had some silicone covers it will fit with those .
 Worst product ever !! I 'm tired of companies which force you to take bundled software - Cannon , Hewlett-Packard , Compaq , are huge offenders !! You should boycott the above companies !! When you buy their printers you have to download tons of extra crap into your computer that you do n't need all just to print something out - extra programs , junk . It 's all junk they force on you . The the printers break down right after the 90 day warranty period and you have to get another printer/scanner ! These companies purposefully employ planned obscelesence on you !! Stand up !! Fight back ! Boycott the bastards !! Go find other companies to support who do n't hijack you like that . Use companies who are not so predatory & pernicious through their business tactics !! Boycott the bad companies , force them out of business ! Imagine how cocky and arrogant they have to be to give you products like that , just because they know people in Congress to keep them in business !! So they just piss on people like you !! Drop those bastards & nvest in good companies like Apple !!
 The printer was inoperable when I received it . After looking `` under the hood '' I discovered that the drive belt for the printer head was off it 's rollers and twisted around the printer head . There were no cables included . Clearly the seller was hoping to unload a defective printer . In order to get a refund , I had to ship it back to the seller at my own expense . And because it was selling for $ 100 , I had to insure it . Thus I was out a little over $ 20 on this purchase .
 My version of this printer was pretty much useless because everytime I went to print , the paper would get jammed . This happened over and over and over and over and over again . I was not doing anything fancy , simply printing black/white documents . This is why I rank this product as utterly useless . Canon should devote some serious attention to their paper feeding system on this printer .
 I ordered this scanner to replace an old one which was on it 's last leg . I regret to say that the Microtek ScanMaker X12USL is easily the most difficult piece of hardware I 've ever used . It took a long time to set up , then every time I tried to use it , it always gave me trouble . I must admit that I 'm not the most computer literate person around , so I hired a computer guy to help . It took him an hour and a half to get things working . He was as baffled as I was . After he left , the scanner started acting up again . Since I had already thrown away the box and the packaging materials , I donated the scanner to the local high school . Hopefully they 'll be able to figure it out.Note
 During the first three months of operation , the scanner failed intermittently and then failed completely during the fourth month -LRB- just after receiving the rebate check -RRB- . Then I found out about the lack of a toll free technical support number . Although they have a general toll free number , you are referred to a toll number if it requires any diagnosis . When I finally contacted the RMA department via e-mail -LRB- this took 3 business days -RRB- , I was informed that if they found nothing wrong , it would cost me , and -LRB- more money -RRB- -LRB- whether anything was wrong or not -RRB- if they could n't ship it back using the box I sent it in . They also informed me it would take 5 - 10 business days for them to fix it once they receive it . All the time they made me feel they were doing me a favor . I would avoid both this particular product and the vendor . The software provided did not make using the scanner easy . I 'm not looking forward to getting the scanner back .
 I was excited when I first bought it . That soon faded . It was easy to install and scan images in . The part that made me pull my hair out was the editing , and file selections . Half the time it would not want to go into the file I wanted it to . I had trouble cropping and adding special details . The images it did scan in were not that great . Some were a little blurred . Overall , I would not reccomend this product .
 I 've been buying computer peripherals for 10 years and I 've never experienced such shoddy software and support . I purchased this scanner on the advice of a respected Macintosh publication . I should have read the other reviews posted on this site first.First of all , after installing the enclosed software , the scanner failed to work . I called the Microtek LONG DISTANCE support number and was put in a 5 minute que . The first tech person and the next one that I spoke with on three different occasions could not have been more indifferent . They advised me to downloaded a driver patch and 9 MEGABYTE software upgrade from their support site which also failed to drive the scanner . But I think this last piece of information is the most telling . After seaching online newsgroups for a solution , I found a company which designs software for most of the major scanner manufacturers and downloaded the specific DEMO version for this scanner . It actually worked . However , to get a fully functioning version would have cost -LRB- triple digits -RRB- . The bottom line
 Microtek is absolutely , without a doubt , the worst company I 've ever dealt with . Their products are brittle peices of junk that likely wo n't even work straight out of the box , and if they do n't , you are absolutely screwed - their customer service is perfectly worthless . Do not get this scanner , do not get anything that they have done . How in the world they stay in business is a marvel - they are utter and total crap.If I could give this product or better yet , the company as a whole a rating less than 1 star - hell , less than 0 stars , I would gladly .
 i purchased this scanner because of the dpi and the easy to use buttons on the front - however not being a `` computer guru '' did n't realize that you can not use it if you have windows 95 . the usb connection is not supported by windows 95 . I am not sure how it works but wanted to warn others about the usb issue .
 The case looks & feels cheap . The FREE screen protector was not in the package -LRB- think this was from the factory this way -RRB- . You have to wear the case clipped upside down to prevent the ipod from sliding out the bottom & you have to press VERY hard on the sensor/scroll area to get it to do anything . Very disappointed , wasted nearly $ 14.00 !
 Mine arrived Dead on Arrival , so I 'm unable to rate it , but I tossed it in the trash instead of trying to deal with a return through the seller -- Galactics .
 When I purchased this , I took a chance that it would work with my 4th Gen Nano . First it does not . It does n't even fit . You would think that a company would tell you that up front . There was nothing in the advertising that said it would n't , which is just as big a lie assaying it would . I am not at all satisfied with this company and do n't have the time to go back and forth trying to get it resolved . I ca n't tell you that this product works or not , but I will say this . If a company hides a simple thing like compatibility , then stay away from them.Later that week I purchased the DLO HomeDock Music Remote for a lot more money and it worked beautifully for about a month . Then one day all of a sudden it stopped working . I am an entertainer and rely on backing tracks from my ipod for my stage shows . The Homedockhad a screen that actually showed you what was playing which was pretty cool . But , like I said , it bit the dust . But it was compatible and there was adequate advertising stating that unlike the Taurus .
 I bought this charger for my Battery for Sony NP-FM50 and it did n't work . The light came on , but there were n't the right connections for this battery to charge . And yes , I tried it several different ways in the charger to try to get it to charge , I even left it in for 24hrs and still no charge . Instead I had to charge it in the camera via the camera charger . This was a complete waste of time and money .
 Charger does not hold np 91 battery in place in order to make and hold contact with battery terminals . Battery slides out and looses contact with charging pins . When you slide in the battery while charger is on a flat horizontal plane , and gingerly slowly push the battery up to the end of the slot to make contact with the charging pins on the charger , the green light turns red . I 've charged an NP-91 battery this way just to see what happens . After a few hours , the light turned green . Then , I installed that battery into the Sony camcorder and it showed about 3/4 charged . This unit is absolutely worthless . It showed a full charge when it was n't fully charged.At the same time , when I e-mailed the seller , he/they were very courteous , processed the refund , including the shipping of fifty cents , quickly , and apologized profusely , asking that I not inform you of this incident . They did NOT want me to return the unit . Charging these batteries is for a mission-critical function , so fooling around with this thing is not only a waste of time , but jeapardizes the reliability of my video shoot , so just threw it out . Acually trashed it.Now I 'm starting over again . If I have to , I 'll just break down and buy a legitimate Sony charger , if they still have them . This just is a completely criminal product . And , I expect the sellers know it , because , if you 're like me , you hate going through the time and trouble of packaging a return , getting to the post office , or worse , Fedex , and waiting for the credit to appear on your credit card . I guess , if these guys sell enough of these for this four dollar price , people wo n't go to the trouble of reporting and returning it , especially since most people are not fool enough , like me , to take this much time to write a review this long on a four-dollar item.Just want to help and save you the time and trouble of wasting your money and your expectations on this POS . Hope this accomplishes my intention . Unless , of course , you want to scam the seller , buy the unit , and complain about it , get a refund and keep it anyway . I think it 's truly worthless , but that does n't mean other people are wrong , as you can see , there are raves about this little dude . For what it 's worth ...
 After the second or third charge , this no longer works . Seems like you get what you pay for . Not worth sending back.Now we purchased a Sony AC-SQ950 charger . Quite a bit more expensive , but hopefully it will last much longer . It also charges 2 batteries , has quick charge -LRB- for SQ batteries -RRB- , charges faster regardless , and has a readout for how much longer it will take to charge . If you want a real charger , get a AC-SQ950 for your M series batteries .
 The brand new charger start to smoke after a few hours in operation . I did not care about returning it because it was cheap . Very dangerous .
 As of todAY 05/17/2007 MERCHANDISE HAS NOT BEEN RECEIVED , SO I CA N`T REVIEW IT
 This is the worst P. O. S. i have ever purchased . A record player on your front seat would not skip as much as this CD player . Avoid at any cost .
 This unit wrote the book on cheap garbage . The picture is not what you get , there is no bass/treble or even tone control , forget loudness it 's not there either . It is 2 channel no front rear , etc. . Fully analog , no way to save stations or presets and of course no seek.The mounting hardware is flimsy and would undoubtedly be insufficient in any vehicle application . I put mine in my shop so that does n't matter.The speakers have perhaps a one ounce magnet , but I suspect even less . The cones are paper , I did n't know they even made automotive speakers from paper anymore . Expect them to rot fast in humid environments . They of course sound very tinny , maybe with a bass or loudness control they would be better.The cd does work I doubt it would play ripped mp3 's . The amplifier outputs are rated at 250mV@10% Total harmonic distortion.In short , this product is absolutely not worth the money . Maybe for $ 15 at a sidewalk vendor ?
 I placed this order on 7/14 and received a notification of order receipt that said the order would ship by 7/18 . After waiting some time I went on-line to track the delivery and found that the order had been cancelled by the shipper and I had never been notified.I am not pleased and will never order electronics from Amazon again as I can not exclude the specific vendor at fault so I have to exclude Amazon as a whole.Now , when I go into my account to see what the order status is , the records appear to be unavailable as though the bad service issue is trying to be covered up . Now I am beginning to question Amazon 's practices .
 Back in 2006 , I bought the IOGEAR GHE335C Combo 3.5 '' ION Drive Enclosure w/Tri-Select to hold a new hard drive . I was concerned when I opened the box and saw the case , since it did n't appear to have any place for the incoming cooling air to be pulled in other than at the bottom of the case -LRB- which has minimal clearance from the tabletop -RRB- . I installed the rubber feet which were included in the box , but they did n't appear to provide any additional clearance.After installing the hard drive , I hooked the GHE335C enclosure up and everything came up fine , tested the drive to ensure proper operation by transferring a few files back and forth , and left it overnight.The next morning , I discovered the lights on the front of the GHE335C enclosure were slowly flashing . The flashing lights were accompanied by the disturbing sounds of a hard drive spinning up and then shutting down , over and over . The outside of the GHE335C enclosure was * hot * to the touch . Since I could only intermittently access the drive while it was in the GHE335C enclosure due to the constant spin up/shut down , I removed the hard drive to investigate.First , I installed the hard drive into a computer . Testing with the hard drive manufacturer 's utility revealed that the hard drive was now full of bad blocks . I let the hard drive run for a while in a normal computer case and it never got more than lukewarm , so I must conclude that the poor design of the IOGEAR GHE335C enclosure simply suffocated the drive by preventing air from circulating around the drive to keep it cool.Overall , I 'd rate this product `` Strongly Not Recommended '' and recommend that anyone needing an external hard drive enclosure buy a fan cooled -LRB- forced air -RRB- enclosure . The IOGEAR GHE335C cost me a hard drive and all associated shipping costs -LRB- both purchase and return -RRB- . Buyer beware .
 IO Gear will NOT stand behind their rebates ... be warned ! Both my friend and I bought a 320 gig external hard drive and we both were refused the rebate for different reasons . We have the paper work to prove we were eligible and we are working with Better Business Bureau . This hard drive is very large ! Twice the size as you can imagine by its pictured ad , another deceiving tactic by IO Gear .
 I bought three pair . All three have broken at the back of the band . I was able to use some strong tape to hold them together , but now they look terrible , and they slip off easily .
 it looks cool.the sound qulaity is ok for the price.but it breaks after few days of use .
 The Logitech Curve headphones are marketed as being ideal for the runner/excersizer to use with an iPod or other MP3 player . But after running with the headphones only twice , the foam pads slid off and were impossible to put back on . This rendered them useless .
 Logitech has done it again . They lured me in with something shiney at a low price point and I took the bait , hook line and sinker . These are the worst quality headphones I 've owned since my sony walkman replacement fuzzies way back in the early 80s . The sound is small and easily distorted and they are an engineering disaster.These headphones use a clear plastic strap to keep tension on the ears holding the speakers on your head . This is not only seriously uncomfortable but after a week of use , my headphones are completely and cleanly broken in two!Logitech , which used to be , and still is in some unenlightened circles , the industry standard , has removed all quality from their products , and these trendy headphones are a sterling example of this . I could pursue the warranty , but at under $ 10 I 'm just going to call it a wash and lesson learned ... again .
 I should have realized before I bought it that there is a design flaw here . The acrylic cracks the first time you put it on and I have a pinhead . I can only imagine it would snap in half the second a man or someone with big hair tried to use it .
 Alright I admit it , I like nice sound while working out and these looked , well unique . Unfortunately I got ripped off . These headphones stopped being sold by Newegg because they ALL break in the middle of the plastic band . it is very brittle and you have to be EXTREMELY careful not to bend it while putting it on your noggin.Logitech customer support was crap . Too much stress and I finally threw them away . At that time they could n't sell these for eight bucks . Now they are being remarketed.Trust me , move on , it 's too good to be true .
 Purchased This product thinking same as silver top , I dont know but this does not truely give you data return , you can store data in media format using pc or mac version used multiple burn speeds and software programs upon playing a media file it would either not load or it would become choppy and freezes not worth the price out of 100 dvd burned I have 23 disc left all 67 disc are a waste . do not buy this dvd-r printable format trust me .
 I returned these DVDs to Memorex after burning a few and finding out that they just did n't work . I have a TDK burner and tried them on a friend 's burner -LRB- Cendyne or something -RRB- with the same results . I had tried to use them to back up files , but after indicating a success , I could n't copy the files back from the DVD . I always got a CRC Checksum error.My experience with Memorex is ruined . Will never buy anything from them again , no matter how good the deal .
 I have a Plextor PX-708UF and it works great . These discs have a failure rate of about 75 % compared to almost 0 for Memorex non-printables . This is a bad product ... buy at your own risk .
 I 've tried to burn these in my Sony DRX-510UL , and they 're just awful ! They never burn at 4X , and only occasionally burn properly at 2X or 1X . Even when I am actually able to burn a disc , half the time it wo n't play all the way through on my DVD player ! 75 % of my discs are coasters . Sony and TDK discs almost always burn perfectly for me , but I 'll never buy Memorex again !
 I too purchased this 100pk thinking it was a good deal . -LRB- $ 1 each -RRB- I used memorex regular dvd-r without a problem for months so i just assumed they would be of the same quality . Well they are NOT ! Unfortunately , the end of the DVD is always crap . Whether it be a backed up movie or Data , The end of the DVD is a no burn zone ! I called memorex on their warranty and they said they would value their warranty but i would have to send the defective back to be replaced . So that means i have to waste my time and check each one by one and put them to the side if they are bad ? that 's a good hour waste of burning ! -LRB- 4x -RRB- I purchased the printable because my printer has the print directly on disks capability . I guess im just going to have to look elsewhere unfortunately , and i suggest you do the same ! I mean , look at all these reviews !
 While I 'll admit that the price is right
 Before I purchased this spindel of DVD-Rs , I had a 50x spindel that was also Memorex . The previous -LRB- non-printable -RRB- DVD-Rs worked great , but these ones are horrible . So far I have tried to make 10 backups of my movies and NONE of them have worked . I had a couple of the previous batch of DVD-Rs and tried them and they worked great.Don ' t waste your money on these !!
 Purchased these thinking they would be the same as the silver topped memorex discs . Not so . I use a DVD duplicator tower to copy hundreds of DVD movies -LRB- ones I own the rights to -RRB- . Sent the discs off to customer 's only to have reported problems with them being read halfway through the movie . It 's just not a common occurance but has been reported several times . I use all Pioneer DVR-A06 writers . When using the silver topped writable discs I have no problems . We need to have some 100 packs of those available -LRB- Memorex or whoever ! -RRB-
 I too have a Pioneer TiVo -LRB- DVR-57H -RRB- but unlike the other reviewer have had little success with these disks . The disks seem to burn just fine , but have problems in playback . Usually the early part of the recording is fine , but latter half is choppy , and eventually ceases to play.I have had great success with the Memorex silver top disks -LRB- also CMC MAC AF1 -RRB- , but for some reason neither my TiVo or my PC like these white top disks.I would suggest buying these in smaller quantities until you know they work with your equipment . Buyer beware !
 These print surface on these discs are completely unacceptable for my commercial needs . Memorex has used some type of rubbery glue-like substance on the print surface . I presume its purpose is to improve ink adhesion . However , the substance itself rubs off with very little effort . Its even worse if your fingers are at all wet or sweaty.I first noticed this while placing a printed DVD back into its case . I thought the printer ink was the cause at first , perhaps some wort of reaction with the surface . However , after some experimentation with some unprinted DVDs , I have concluded that the print surface itself was to blame.If you 're really careful , you may never have this problem . But for commercial use , I ca n't risk the trouble . I 'm guessing most people would never expect the printing to be so sensitive .
 I have a Pioneer A06 -LRB- DVR-106D -RRB- , I normally dont have any problem burning DVD-R 's . The spindle of Memorex DVD-R Printable discs simply do not work -LRB- at least with the Pioneer A06 -RRB- . I went through 25 of the DVD 's and had the same watermarking problem mentioned in other reviews here . I had a 100 % failure rate on these DVD 's . The video would freeze way through the movies and the menus did n't work . I am working on getting Memorex to replace them with the non printable surface DVD 's . Stay away from these if you have Pioneer DVD burner . Try the TDK 2x DVD-R 's ... they backup video beautifully !
 I have a DW-U10A & DRU-510A Sony Burner . I get write errors with both of them ... firmware has been upgraded . Changed DMA settings , errors went away but DVD is still not playable . I 've made about a dozen coasters and have contacted Memorex for replacement . I do not have any problems burning regular Memorex DVD-R or DVD+R ... just the printables ones.I had to give it 1 stars because 0 starts is not available .
 I burned 25/25 discs with NO errors whatsoever on the standard memorex 4x DVD-R 's they sell at Best Buy . These however burn all the way till 99 % then fail . It 's really annoying that these actually ended up costing more than the ones at a retail store -LRB- because it takes 5-10 just to get a good disc -RRB- . I 'll never order these again .
 I bought the Memorex DVD-R 100 Pack and 1 out of 5 were bad . The one 's that worked were fine . I 've tried other brands , before and after , without even 1 problem on my machine ; so I know it 's a problem with the disks .
 These DVD-R discs are of bad quality . Lots fail to burn . I should have known something was up when they were priced $ 0.50 / disc . No one else comes close to that price .
 Also getting watermarks , especially if there is * any * minor dust on the surface when burning . Using a TDK Indi 440n with the latest firmware and still getting read errors on the 10 or so discs that I 've tried . Getting read errors on 2 PC dvd rom drives and skipping on my Sony DVD player . Avoid these at all costs !
 $ 100 for a product that 66 % of the time does not complete writing the data . I got about 30 good copies out of 100 discs
 You would think a `` name brand '' disc will have low failure rates ... NOPE ... try 50 % failure rate . They got $ 200 from me and never again Memorex !
 i ordered these blank dvd hoping to use them with no problem . wrong so far i used 25 only six have been useable.I get bad video poor audio i have wasted my money . I 'll never buy any memorex ever again . . I have tried them in 3 different burners . Never again
 I loved the price -- I use the silver top 4x memorex discs which have the same manufacture code as the printable dvd discs ; however , much like the reviewer with the pioneer dvr 106 drive , my discs indicate a successful burn but do not play all the way through and the purple surface looks blurry and smeared . I have tried burning these discs at 1x but I have the same results.If these were identical in reliability to the non-printable silver tops , I would be giving 5 stars no problem . Had I read the review from the Pioneer 106 user , I would not have purchased the discs.If these discs work in your machine -- great . At half price and no shipping this is a great value.I hate to bring down the rating but if I can save someone hours of heartache -- its worth it .
 As with everyone else , the burn lasts for 1/2 of the movie before it fails . Attempted 12 discs - all failed . As for those claiming they work fine , enjoy the stack while you can - the next ones you order will prove otherwise , guaranteed .
 DO NOT BUY THESE ! I JUST LOST $ 100 ON THESE COASTERS . I HAD NO PROBLEMS DURING THE BURN BUT THEY WONT PLAY . I TRIED THREE DIFFERENT READERS AND TWO DVD PLAYERS . DONT WASTE YOUR TIME AND MONEY !
 Just bought Media assuming that Memorex DVD-R Media would work because the silver top model worked . Tried to archive a DVD Movie 5 times . Archived DVD plays until it ca n't be read halfway through the movie . Do n't buy this item !!!!!
 Unbeknownst to this purchaser when this spindle arrives , there is a little note on top saying the product may cause damage to certain models of Pioneer computer and component DVRs . A fix is available but even though my model was not listed and I CONFIRMED with Pioneer that they were to work on my model , no dice . It damaged the DVR recorder , thankfully not irreperably.Buy TDK or Sony .
 These are totally useless ! Get the regular DVD-r Memorex and stay away from these `` printable DVD 's '' . Bad News !!!!!
 These are terrible . If you want to use them in place of index cards , post-its , or scratch paper the white surface is good -- because you will not be using too many in your dvd player !
 i have been using memorex 4x dvd-r 's for several months . picked up the printable disks and not one out of the 100 could burn right on either my pioneer 106d w / 1.7 firmwear or my tdk burner . the disks would come out watermarked . lighter on the inside and darker on the outside . when i tried to burn them at 1x the watermark would not be as noticabe but half the disk would come up unreadable .
 Just received the product and already made two coasters with my first two attempts to back-up a movie.Back-up movie plays fine until it reaches the end.Backed-up the same movie on a cheap generic dvd-r and it played just fine.If Memorex is going to advertise 4.7 GB , it should at least be able to handle 4.4 GB without any problems.I wonder how well they honor their warranty.Emailed Memorex . They instructed me to send back the defective product for replacement.Memorex replaced the 100 disk spindle . After making coasters of the first 4 out of 5 disks , I sent them an email stating how unimpressed I was with their product and its performance . They did not respond to the email but did send me another 100 printable dvd-r spindle -LRB- as if that would make up for the lousy quality of their product ! -RRB- . This IS NOT a product that you should buy . I have had no problems with the standard Memorex DVD-R 's , but the printable suck -LRB- there 's no other way to put it -RRB- . Just today I have burned 1 movie after 6 attempts failed -LRB- 6 attempts failed = 6 wasted disks -RRB- ... do you really want to even consider trying this product ???
 I 've been using Memorex 4x dvd-r for a month in my Sansui vcr/dvd combo recorder and had no problems . So when I found the spindle for the Memorex 4x dvd-r with the printable surface for a great deal I thought it was going to be perfect because my inkjet printer is set up to print on discs.However I did not get a single one of these dvds to burn in my dvd recorder . I tried 7 times and made 7 coasters . It would record fine and then not read the disc after I pressed stop . I knew it could n't be the speed of the disc because I have n't had any previous problems with any brands . I gave them to my friend to try in his burner on his computer and they worked fine for him - so that is why I am giving them 2 stars instead of 1 . I called the help number that came with the discs because they mention a problem with Pioneer burners and these discs and I had heard a rumor that my Sansui actually had a Pioneer burner inside but the help person disagreed and could n't help me out.Everyone has agreed it has to do with the reflective surface and the fact that these are printable . I would not buy these discs even though they might be a great deal . Especially since you can not return them . I have had no problems with any other disc from any brand including Memorex . Avoid the printable dvds in my opinion .
 Thought I was getting + r 's , used these and hated them ! Will not be read on Sony PS2 or a host of other systems . Bought a new burner cause My recording time slowed way down before I noticed -LRB- in type to small to be viewed -RRB- they were - r 's .
 Wasted a lot with writer throwing `` Power Calibration Error '' after 2 % write . Previous lot was OK ... but not this one . Go for something else .
 I have used many Memorex disks with good results . However this type would not work on my new Panasonic DVD burner . I sent them back .
 These are perhaps the worst DVD 's I 've ever bought . They worked OK on my old burner -LRB- though I 've had several fail since then -RRB- . But when I replaced it after the old burner died these discs would not burn . I offered them to friends , but they would n't work on any of their burners either . I ended up tossing the spindle . Useless . Do n't touch these things ! TDK seems to be much more stable and reliable on a variety of burners .
 Buyer Beware the item is not as pictured . It is not Gold Plated . CiTi Electronics is horrible to deal with . They are like a broken record repeatedly saying it was n't supposed to be gold even though picture clearly shows gold .
 warning
 I ORDERED WHAT I THOUGHT WAS AN EQUIVALENT CANON BATTERY CALLED ULTRALAST UL-BP511 -LRB- WHICH HAS GREAT RECOMMENDATION IN THIS SECTION -RRB- I RECEIVED AN NO-NAME BRAND WHO - KNOWS - WHAT FROM BUY-ACCESSORIES . THEIR EQUIVALENT BATTERY IS FOR THE ULTRALAST UL-BP511 . EMBARRASSING FOR ME AS WELL I IMAGINE FOR AMAZON -LRB- THOUGH I DO N'T SPEAK FOR THEM -RRB- AND ACCORDING TO TRADITION GOT A REPLY FROM BUY-ACCESSORIES -- TOO BAD ! SO BE AWARE OF HOW YOU READ MISLEADING -LRB- BUT TRUE -RRB- STATEMENTS .
 Amazon or `` Battery Center '' would not let me ship to my P.O. Box . So , for some reason i had to get them to ship two little batteries to my physical address -LRB- UPS/FEDEX -RRB- . I got a confirmation not too long ago saying the batteries had began shipping . Guess how they shipped it ? USPS . Now , the batteries will not get to me . This has happened more than once on amazon . I probabaly will not order from this company again . I may let you all know how the batteries are when or if they ever get to me .
 Amazon varies the price of these batteries on a daily basis from around $ 11 to $ 20 . So on that note , screw you amazon for trying to cheat customers out of their surplus.Actual review to come with arrival of batteries , stay tuned .
 This is an `` equivalent '' battery only in the sense that it is the same shape and size of the real thing.This battery , as I found out , weighs only about half as much as the OEM battery , and only holds enough of a charge to fire my Canon 2 or 3 times before dying.I assumed that the charger was bad , and ultimately ended up purchasing a new battery directly from Canon before narrowing down the problem to this battery.I guess you get what you pay for.I would NOT recommend this product .
 Based upon evreyone 's reviews , I had high expectations . I shoot weddings and generally shoot 1000 shots at one time . I bought this batter in December and notice a significant difference in charge the last two shoots , on a fully charged battery can take only ~ 200 pix . Worked great beforehand , but thats what you get for buying non-Oem .
 Does n't last as long as the original . It probably last about 300 pictures on my 30D -LRB- with review off the battery is shown low after 200 pictures or so , I guess it can still go on for a short while -RRB-
 This battery wo n't hold a charge ! That 's what I get for buying no-name batteries . I 'll buy name-brand from now on , I guess .
 Like everyone else , I was tempted to get this cheap battery pack for my Canon . It seemed too good to be true at the price . However , after 3-4 full charges the battery literally died . It does n't retain the charge anymore . I still have my 6 years old OEM battery pack which hold a charge for about 300 RAW photos.If you do n't want to buy batteries every month or two , get the OEM .
 I purchased 2 of these batteries for our Canon Digital Rebel and received 2 batteries of a different brand/voltage/mah . I 'm not interested in working to resolve the issue as the batteries do work , but I will not purchase from this vendor again .
 The specifications claim to have capasity bigger than the original OEM battery however I was able to take 600 pictures on the fully charged battery . For comparison ` smaller ' OEM battery gives me more than a thousand . I will keep it in a bag for a while as an emergency power supply but this is not an equal replacement for the genuine Canon battery .
 I bought this battery for my Nikon camera . I charged the battery fully overnight . When I went back to use it the next week all the charge was gone . I had to charge it again . It does work with the camera , but you have to keep it in the charger all the time . Not exactly a replacement for the original part .
 I orderd this battery and should have learned not to buy 3rd party batteries for Canon . It had a lip on it that prevented it from even fitting in my camera . Because we were leaving on a trip the next day , i had to go out to Best Buy and pay full retail for a Canon battery.I returned the battery in August , now over 30 days ago and have not received my refund yet . There has been no contact from the vendor since I sent in the battery . Customer Service seems to be a low priority at Blue Grass Battery -LRB- or Battery Jack -RRB- .
 I was hoping this would be a decent alternative to the Canon battery . I charged it , shot 20 pics with it , let the camera sit for a week , and the battery was dead . After this experience , I am pretty certain paying the full amount for a Canon battery is the way to go .
 Based on the glowing reviews I read I purchased this battery . It was a complete waste of money . Could not put a charge on it at all .
 stay with the Canon BP-511A . there 's a reason why this battery is $ 3 . first off , they charge you a huge shipping fee . but the two that i got did not hold a charge after the first round . it 's worthless at this point . in the trash it goes . consider it as throw-away disposables . you know the old saying ... `` you get what you pay for '' .
 The first time I received the replacement BP511 it shut down my camera . They replaced it and the second one , after charging was DOA
 I purchased this item on Aug. 17 . 08 . but did n't have to use it because I have several BP 511 batteries . The reason I bought this was to keep it as a back up when I need.A week ago , my wife gave a birth to a new baby . I wanted to take some pictures to keep that moment as a permanant memories . in the morning of the due day , I fully charged this battery and went to a hospital . After I got to the hospital , I turned on my camera , but it did n't work at all . I touched my camera here and there , but I was n't able to figure out what 's wrong with it . As a last resort , I changed the battery to another one that I brought , an then finally my camera started working.If I had n't brought another battery , it could have killed all my precious memories that I did n't want to miss any of those.I threw it away right away . I know it 's my fault not to check whether or not the battery was working well at the time of delivery , but it was a really embarrassing experience.There are many reviews saying that they are well satisfied with the item , but I just wanted say to the people want to buy this product you guys need to check the battery whether or not it is working as soon as you receive it not to miss any of important moments you want to keep .
 I purchased two of these in March , 2008 from Amazon . I have several genuine Canon BP-511 and BP-511A batteries . So , these were used more or less for back up . A few weeks ago I noticed the termianls have greenish corrosion at the edges . They were completely discharged and will not charge at all . I used them in Canon battery grips , and together they experienced less than 300 life-time shutter actuations . Last I used them was in August , 2009 in Canada 's Northwest Terriories , while I was charging my two Canon batteires . I did notice they drained very fast , taking only about 200 pictures together . One of them could have been going bad at that time . After the last use , I had them charged fully , and they were left out of camera with Canon plastuc battery protective cover on , and stored in room temperature . I have been using BP511 and 511A since 2002 , in 300d , 60D , 30D and 40D , and I had never had any of my genuine Canon batteries to go bad , yet . Even my first one which came with my first Canon digital camera is still functioning well . It is almost 8 years old , and went through over 10,000 shutter actuations . The Amazon reviews on Ultralst batteries were generally good when I purchased them . I wonder how long they used the product before they wrote the reviews . I did not have very good experience with the two I bought , and will not think about buying the same product again .
 I bought this battery as a replacement for my Canon Digital Rebel - I charged it and used it one time and now it will not take a charge no matter how many times I try . So for me the purchase was a waste of money .
 When input it in the charger , it appears to be charging , but when I try to use it in the camera it only will turn on for a few seconds , then dies . I have only been able to take one picture with it . Not happy with this product .
 Bought this to replace the original battery in my aging Canon Powershot G2 . Battery had to be constantly charged after just a few months use as it barely held a charge , dying just minutes after a few shutter clicks and , causing me to miss some good shots . Had to resort to the original battery which is finally on its way out after many years of faithful service .
 I 'm not sure if it 's just the one i got , but the bass is non-existent . Returning and will update review if the new one works well .
 The battery included with the S20 camera lasts approximately an hour . At that point you soon discover that a power cord and a rechargeable battery were not included with the product -LRB- the included battery is a throw away Lithium -RRB- . You are apparently forced then to purchase the `` Canon Power Supply Kit '' -LRB- which includes a rechargeable battery -RRB- for -LSB- $ -RSB- . Well , it 's a good thing I do n't need to take pictures anytime soon . Sure , I 'll wait two weeks for replacement batteries and/or the -LSB- $ -RSB- rechargeable battery kit to arrive . A rechargeable battery and a power cord are ABSOLUTELY necesary for this product . These items ABSOLUTELY should have been included with the original product -LRB- outside the US the `` Canon Power Supply Kit '' is included with the original purchase -RRB- . I am returning my S20 camera because of this . I will be purchasing a new digital camera from a company that does not force its customers to pay an extra -LSB- $ -RSB- for something that should have been included with the original product . After you factor in the -LSB- $ -RSB- battery kit surcharge to the purchase price of the S20 , there are plenty of other , better , and cheaper digital cameras out there.Also , the S20 's image quality was not as good as I expected , though I only had 1 hour to check it out before the battery died .
 I 've owned this camera for about two years , and I 'm generally pretty unhappy with it.My biggest complaint is the incredible delay between the time you hit the shutter button and the time this thing actually snaps off a picture ... it varies depending on conditions , but usually is a full 2-3 seconds . That does n't sound like much , but try counting it to yourself ... one Mississippi , two Mississippi , three Mississippi ... and imagine trying to take any kind of action shot with that sort of delay . Forget about kid pictures , they do n't sit still long enough for this thing ! I 've gotten more pictures of the backs of my kids ' heads than I can count.The digital zoom is hokey and clumsy to use . The optical zoom works well , but is underwhelming at 2x power.The detail in the full 3 megapixel shots is very nice , but the color balance and exposure are often too dark , too orange , whatever . Outdoor shots in full light usually look good with nice contrast and detail . The flash is weak , as noted by other reviewers.Nearly all of this camera 's functions are dependent on a fragile four-way `` joypad '' control . Mine broke after a few months , and was replaced free -LRB- after another 2 months of delay -RRB- by Canon . The knob on the top that selects operating modes feels very flimsy , and sticks out such that it is easily jarred into an `` on '' setting when the camera is slipped into or out of a pocket or bag.Canon 's lack of inclusion of a rechargeable battery and recharger are inexcusable for a camera that burns through $ 15 disposable batteries in a few days.One last complaint -- this camera is heavy for its size ! The metal body -LRB- aside from the flimsy controls -RRB- has a rugged feel , but you will definitely feel the weight of this unit if you lug it around in a pocket .
 If possible , I would have given the camara some negative stars.I was glad when I first got the camera . But it did not function at all after I used the camera for less than 10 times within a year . I called customer service and was told to send it back to factory . I was told I would be charged about $ 160 to fix the camera . I asked what the problem was and was told they did not know what the exact problem was until they took the camera apart and gave a close check!If you want to find a reliable digital camera , try some other brand but not canon .
 Nice little camera , but with some relevant problem with color balancing . Also Flash is not so performing -LRB- or too strong or too weak -RRB- . The biggest problem I had is that I have to spend hours at the PC to fix color and hue balancing . Sometimes good quality .
 the pictures are fine but the controls and tiny buttonsare too aggrivating for words !!
 Bought it 2 years ago for $ $ $ and $ $ $ $ for battery pack.POSITIVE : NONE!NEGATIVE :1 . OVER PRICE .2 . TERRIBLE PICTURES .3 . BATTERY ONLY LAST 20 TO 30 MINUTES -LRB- 40 PICTURES -RRB- .4 . 2X ZOOM ?? CA N'T DO A THING !! 5 . NO UNDERWATER CASEMUST BE BLIND TO SAY IT IS A GOOD CAMERA!SKIP IT ! NOT WORTH A DIME !!!
 bought it to replace a unit I call `` rusty crusty '' the package included everything i needed , all the headaches were n't needed the first unit came used , buttons missing and no thumb drive , removed the boats original radio and installed the second unit and didnt work at all , cheap junk , rusty crusty reinstalled and working fine . waste of time junk
 Was overcharged for shipping by Amazon to begin with so I closed my account . We installed the radio and speakers . . sounded great but the next day it would n't come on at all . It had power but the unit would n't work . Contacted Amazon who told me because I closed my account they would not do anything -LRB- not even exchange -RRB- So overall Amazon is a big rip off !!!
 Not a marine grade set . The cd player would not eject the disc I had inside . Sound was ok . Stereo case was rusting after 8 months of use . Audio would go in and out at speed . According to troubleshooting it claims that the radio was at the improper angle . I modified the angle and still would go in and out . I replaced the stereo with a pioneer and have had no issues since . The speakers have ok sound but again not marine grade . The mounting hardware has rusted and now the cones have seperated from the speaker . Trust me on this one . Do n't waste your money .
 I bought this item because I wanted all of the items included in the package -LRB- cover , & speakers -RRB- . It seemed like a good value and Pyles website listed it for well over $ 200 and I thought I was getting a good price from the amazon seller AntOnline.Well the unit arrived and was miserably disappointed because the unit felt cheap , flea market made in China cheap . Actually I never really hooked it up to hear the sound or CD quality or functionality - The radio faceplate would not close properly , and if I tried really hard and pressed on the left edge it sorta closed , but then it popped open as soon as you started manipulating buttons . Im not sure if this was a product defect or a security measure to deter thieves from deciding that this piece of # $ % ^ & was not worth stealing.The `` waterproof '' feature is actually black tape covering all the vent holes in the chassis and I 'm not too confident that this unit would actually hold up a marine environment . The splashproof housing cover had weak/worn springs and would not stay open - thus was useless . Speakers were tiny with tiny magnets - I did not test them.All in all I would say a big thumbs down - I think I 'm going
 The first reciever I recieved lasted about two days on my boat . The second had issues after about four uses . This is not a `` Waterproof '' head unit by any means . If you find it on sale for half price , do n't bother wasting you time and money on this Pyle . I pulled the speakers out also after a few months .
 This unit is cheap . . I thought if I get a few years outta the device no problem . Well when the cheap screws -LRB- not stainless -RRB- for the speaker mount caused rust runs down the side of the gel coat that was initial problem . Run to HW store to buy ss screws then clean rust . . Soon after the weather housing spring fell apart so I had to remove cover all together . . Only made a few fishing trips and the stereo unit is dead in less than 9 months . . heading to the store for a new -LRB- different -RRB- stereo . Dont wast your time with a pyle . Cheap in every sense of the word . JUNK !
 It 's a Pyle alright , a pile of s *** . I purchased this unit thinking it was the right thing for my 17ft KeyWest . It was the worst electronics purchase I have ever made and I wish I had read the reviews first . I learned my lesson . The unit lasted 3 weeks , and I am out alot of my time and money . The detachable face plate shorts out along with every other function of this unit and is useless . I rarely write reviews , but hope to save someone else the trouble I had . I went with a Dual MXR42 -LRB- Google it -RRB- with no moving or detachable parts and it has proven to be superior in every way . Buyer beware of this unit .
 I installed this unit like I 've installed countless stereo 's in the past . The unit powered on successfully and then proceeded to not take my cd . I decided to push the cd a little further to see if the unit just engaged the cd a little later than most . Well long story short , it never took the cd , my cd is now stuck because there is no manual release , and the motor is obviously broken . I ca n't even listen to the radio or aux because every 5 seconds or so , the unit acts like it 's taking the stuck cd again and switches to cd mode until it realizes it ca n't play the cd and then switches back.For your own sake , keep looking .
 The Insten FM-10 I got has a extremely annoying whine that is present all the time . At first I thought it was a ground loop problem but the whine is present whether the car is running or not . Unfortunately the online seller I bought it from has n't responded to any emails so I do n't know if mine is defective or not . I suspect they are all of very poor quality and mine is representative . On the upside it does work well as a charger .
 Why would anyone try to sell a TV , which is AC/DC , WITHOUT a power cord ?!?
 I ordered 2 of these batteries - one from 2 different companies - the $ 15 variet , and a 95 cent one . When they arrived , they were the exact same product , so I should have gone with 2 of the 95 cent ones . The batteries began failing and not hold a change after 6 months , and now , at 8 months are totally dead . Previous to these battiers , my old batteries last 5 YEARS . I am very disappointed .
 I bought these batteries for my Panasonic KX-TG5422 cordless phones which use HHR-P104 batteries . I ended up returning these as the phone would show three bars for battery life then suddenly show no connection to the base and then show it needed recharging . They just did n't work for me with this phone .
 These batteries do not perform as advertised . Although they fit the equipment in place of genuine Panasonic batteries , they simply do n't hold at charge . I purchsed three of these batteries for our cordless phones . After just a few months the charge started to decline to where our phones now work less than 15 minutes between charges . Fortunately we have three phones so we make do , but , they hold so little charge now that the phone signal `` low battery '' as soon as we answer a call . This is a very bad product . Do n't waste your money , even at $ .95 ... We are now switching back to the Panasonic product .
 i purchased 3 of these batteries in dec 2009 . they lasted about 6 to 8 months . they simply would not charge fully . one of the batteries became extremely hot when in use in the phone . disassembled one of the batteries and discovered the core element extended down only 1/3 of the battery cavity . clearly the batteries are not oem equivalent and may , in fact , be dangerous in normal use . strongly recommend that these batteries not be purchased .
 I was happy when I give it to my sister for her camera . But disappointed when we found out it only accepts the 120Volts . She was n't able to use it , she 's in Philippines .
 this fm transmitter is halfway decent . there is alot of static and interference if someone driving by has their ipod on . i used it with my Griffin iTrip , which worked well . then when my iTrip broke and used this one alone , it was terrible . but it does charge . so basically , this thing is only good when used with another fm transmitter on top of your ipod mini .
 I was a bit apprehensive about getting a trayless DVD drive but I thought Plextor had a decent reputation . After the first few DVDs , the drive broke . It is no longer possible to load a DVD . I would not recommend buying this drive . If you are dead set on the Plextor 716 get the one with the tray loading .
 I bought this drive from Tigerdirect.ca . I was n't able to return it since I brought it with me to Calgary right away . At that time , I just trusted the Plextor brand name -LRB- wow ! 16MB buffer ! -RRB- . I was wrong about the Plextor brand . This drive is simply a big disappointment . It could not even create a backup disk of the Roxio and other software that came with it . When I tried to backup my hard drive to a Verbatim DVD-R disk , it could not write to it saying it was read only . When I tested burning to the Pioneer DVD writer , the backup went smooth . When I tried writing to a Philips DVD+RDL disk , it froze my computer . I tested the Philips DVD+RDL on my Sony drive and the copy was flawless . I bought this Plextor drive for about $ 190.00 Cdn plus 15 % tax . I have since set it aside . The lesson
 Bought two . Tried charging them with the charger of the same brand and in my Fuji Z1 wo n't charge in either . When I charge them in the camera the charge light comes on then goes out after a second or less . They also fit tight in the camera -LRB- no problem if they worked . -RRB- Charger works fine on the O.E. battery .
 The battery does n't work in the FujiFilm z1 , which uses an NP-40 battery . It supplies no power , gets no response whatsoever . The only benefit was the charger that I bought which was associated with this replacement battery - it works well ... on the original NP-40 . Do n't buy this if you have the FinePix z1 ; you will have wasted your time waiting for it .
 I really needed one of these , but after reading and reading , I could n't get it to work ; how do I get a new one ? How do I return this one ?
 Unreliable , glitched constantly . Cheaply made . Badly designed , did not save settings , very unintuitive . Will never purchase anything by Brother again . Finally died a violent death .
 how to operate ? you need the manual for everything it is a peice of junkthat looks nice teh font size is too small to be read without glasses ues only 1/4 height of tape . prints accdiently when you dont want to waste tape , I think it is done on purpose , the tape separator doesnt work
 I have owned this labeler for a year or so now . The labels it creates look nice , though they are a bit small for most uses . HOWEVER , it is a battery hog , making it a pain to use , and not very good for the environment or the pocketbook . As an example , today I put in 4 fresh-from-the-box AAA batteries -LRB- that do n't expire until 2013 -RRB- . I set up the functions , made 3 labels , then started getting the flashing battery message . That 10-minute process had drained all 4 batteries . So ridiculous . This is supposed to be a handheld labeler used for organizing projects . With such a short battery life , the labeler is more hindrance than help.I am very disappointed in the product .
 It 's an ok labeler it blinks needs batteries all the time . It is not as easy to use as my last labeler I do n't like how the size feature works .
 The actual printing on this labeler is fine.I was looking forward to trying it out due to its QWERTY keyboard , which is an improvement over the ABC keypad I was using on another cheap Dymo labeler I 've had.It has all the standard features - fonts , sizes , 2-line printing , etc - and I suppose you might call its date/time function a special feature.Unfortunately for whatever reason , it can not save typeface formats . I like to print smaller type to save labeling tape , and this means that I must manually set the type size every time I use the labeler . This is an unacceptable flaw to me . Clearly it can store memory , as it uses batteries , and already saves the time and date -LRB- until you change the batteries , that is -RRB- . So why would it lack something as simple as a memory for type size?It 's braindead . Just like whoever designed the thing .
 I 've had this label maker for over a year and I was -LRB- pretty much -RRB- happy with it except now it has a problem `` Battery Low '' problem . New batteries work for only a little while and it stops printing labels when the battery voltage measures less than 1.4 V for each battery -LRB- I tested each AAA battery with a meter -RRB- . I 'm not sure what is causing it and there does n't seem to be a workaround for this problem , that I can find a solution for , on the Internet.So , I guess I got a year out of it which is good but now I 'm in the market for a new labeler .
 Really , save yourself some time and money and do not buy this product . Stopped working soon after I bought it and I barely use it once a week or so . Takes four AAA batteries , and they do n't last as well . I bought a couple of Brother products before and both were mediocre . Try another brand .
 You get what you pay for , I suppose . I have full batteries , and have only made about 10 labels . Now , when I try to print something , it makes a sound like it wants to do something , and then shuts down.Don ' t buy this unless you own stock in landfills - it 's a POS .
 Product came quick , looked good and worked great at first . I began to organize and label everything , but as I got going every time I printed a label , the thing would shut off . I can not figure out why ! I have to adjust the batteries and turn it on again . Every single time I want to print a label ! Besides that fault I would love everything about this label maker , but it was too late to return it once I got around to using it . My fault . So good label maker with many options so long as it works properly !
 Weird . Annoying . Makes a ticking sound , like an old mechanical watch , constantly as long as the power is on . Also , the m-type tapes are very difficult to use because it 's hard to peel off the backing . The Tz tapes have a slit down the backing to make them easier to remove , but Brother has designed its Tz label makers to create ridiculously wide margins on labels to force customers to use more of the tape .
 This USB flash drive has clean lines and a nice small form factor . However , the terrible write speed makes the use of the flash drive painful.The Connect3D website lists the specs for this drive as : Sequential Read
 This skin looked pretty good and was thick enough to protect my nano , but I repeatedly had to struggle to get the click wheel to work . This was a real pain when adjusting the volume and trying to skip forward -LRB- it would press the middle button rather than skip forward -RRB- . I just stopped using it and gave it away .
 I am giving this a 1 star . when you put in your vehicle it says it fits . This harness is only for the dodge ram srt-10 . I talked to metra tech support and they confimed that this harness will not work for any other model of the 1500 . Get the 70-6510 .
 This monitor was great ... right up until it and it 's sister failed . I bought two identical monitors at the same time -LRB- from Costco -RRB- and BOTH failed within weeks of each other ... JUST outside of warranty -LRB- and unable to return to costco -RRB- . Really really unhappy about this .
 I , like many others , have gotten the white screen of death.I am going to check on repairing it myself , or just buying a monitor from a company that cares about quality and customer service . Just an additional warning to all those out there considering this purchase .
 I do NOT recommend to buy this monitor ! It has got lots of white screen issues which is happening after warranty . You will love it just for 1 year , than you will HATE it ! it has got cheap parts and you through 250 $ away , there are tons of better monitors for this price . Also to get this monitor fix , and make it work for another 1 year -LRB- ?? -RRB- ... cost you about 150 $ ... not worth it !
 We have had a monitor like this for close to 3 years and it has n't worked correctly for the last year . The screen will get all spotty and do odd things then it will go blank and I ca n't get to come back on . We could n't find the warrenty papers so my brother in law took it apart to try and fix it . He contacted the company and they said if he sent it back they would fix it for $ 20 so he asked for the address and he has never heard back . You ca n't talk to a human and they wo n't email him back .
 I bought my HG281D in Feb 08 . While it worked I was happy with it . However it died after 3.5 years - just 6 months after the warranty expired . I contacted HannsG service
 This monitor works fine overall , except for one big problem
 I bought this monitor from a competitor of Amazon and it developed a vertical line after about a week . It was intermittent and I thought it must be my cable or graphics card . I tried several fixes . The one vertical line became three . I could not return it where i purchased it for a refund because all of this took over 30 days of on again off again attempts to fix it after talking with HANNS G several times . I was finally told to ship it to Califorinia and given instructions for doing so . It cost me $ 120 . After two weeks it is returned suppposedly fixed but it was damaged in shipping . They shipped it with no protection on the broad side of the box . I contacted HANNS again , took pictures of the box and the display and was told they would send me a new monitor . We will see if that happens.Read the reviews on some other sites . This monitor has a terrible set of reviews . I wish I had read them first before purchasing . This is the first negative review I have ever written on a product . This product is bad and the after service support is not so great either .
 I was really excited to receive this item . It was an amazing deal for only $ 359 and free shipping . Arrived in two days . I had it connected for no more than 1 hour before the room started to smell like electrical fire or burning plastic . I thought maybe because it was new it would do that and then go away but it started to make me nauseous . I 'm returning it.I would like to add that it looked great and was easy to install . I 'm very disappointed that this did n't work out for me.I also realized that 28 '' is just a little too big for the work I do so I 'm looking into a 25 '' HD monitor instead .
 I purchased this monitor back in April of ' 09 . I attached a computer to the VGI port and my XBox 360 Halo Edition to the HDMI port.When you turn off the XBox 360 the monitor does NOT turn off or go into sleep mode . It puts a big green box on the screen saying `` Input signal not detected '' . I contacted customer support and at first they basically told me `` too bad , just turn it off '' . Only until I reminded them that it has an energy star sticker on it and asked them to either fix the monitor or remove the rating did they indicate there was a firmware upgrade they could do.So I return the monitor -LRB- at my expense mind you -RRB- and a couple of weeks later they send me back another one . I sent the monitor back in the original box to ensure it was well packed . They send me back a `` new '' monitor in a brown box that the monitor did n't fit well in . It clearly could have been moving aroudn in transit.So I plug the monitor in and guess what - same problem . HDMI port does NOT work with energy star - I tried several different HDMI devices . NO difference.I contact support again - I get the customer support supervisor - Luis E. - He apologizes for the issue not getting fixed and says he will issue a `` call tag '' to have the unit again fixed . That was back on 6/23 and it 's now 7/18 . I have emailed him and support twice since and no response.I urge you to understand you are basically getting a monitor that Hanspree clearly does n't want to support .
 After less than a week of proper use , it stopped working by showing a blank white screen . I returned it and have n't bought this brand again , as I discovered a lot of people had very similar problems in reviews written on Newegg , Epinions , etc. .
 This is a beautiful monitor . The large 28 inch size is really useful . I write medical imaging software so the large size was great for looking at multiple images . But it came with a dead pixel so I returned it . There are other large or nearly as large monitors with even higher resolution -LRB- 1200 p are available and this is 1080p -RRB- . All HannsG needs to do is increase quality control .
 I received my item in a nice container , set up easily and lo and behold . the quality of this monitor is so poor , 2 days later i ca n't really set it up like what other user said . I search on the web about the issue of this monitor and found out this monitor have a lot of issue . i ca n't return this monitor anymore in original box.So buyer beware , too bright , low quality , color flicker , it dim and bright suddenly , poor control placement and so on . you can check it out this website about the problem regarding this monitor or search on google + issue and you will see the forum regarding this item . If i can rate this to zero star , i will do it .
 I was very pleased with this product , as it performed well above its price range . After about 15 months , the monitor flickered for about 20 minutes , then turned black . It has been non-functioning since . I would have given this product a 5-star rating , but after six promises to receive a phone call for an RMA from Hannspree , I down-graded them to 2-star -LRB- it is my belief that products can go bad , but it is only as good as the company behind it -RRB- . After two weeks , I still do n't have an RMA .
 I loved this monitor . I work from home and could put up everything I needed all at once on a single screen . I was a happy camper.Then , one day , it went black . I fiddled with settings . I fiddled with video drivers . . I fiddled with windows settings . . I fiddled with the operating temperature -LRB- cooling the room down -RRB- . The monitor would work for a while , but , eventually -LRB- within a period of 5 to 20 minutes -RRB- it would simply go black again.I fiddled for 3 weeks with this ... During my research I found that this is just what this monitor does after you have had it for a tad over a year . I am disappointed that some $ 2 part is probably at fault.Now I have a large chunk of electronic junk to dispose of properly .
 I first got this product from Best Buy who gave me a 4 year warrentee after 18 months the monitor developed an un fixable fault . Best Buy were unable to replace this monitor with either the identical one or in fact any other 28in one . The could only offer me a 25in one . They gave me a store credit for $ 554 and I then bought the monitor from Amazon at considerably less tahn teh $ 554 however am still stuck with Best Buys store credit.I am confident that this is the best monitor for me despite haveing had a previous one that went faulty . The size and quality of the screen make it so much easier and confortable to work at home with .
 If you like to stand up at all and look at your monitor , do n't buy this . If you 're a good boy or girl and always sit down when you do your work , it 's OK . I have an old dell 24 '' that does not have this problem . When I look at my calendar , if I stand or even not seated just right , I can not tell which day is highlighted . Extremely annoying .
 Sure the price is good but the monitor is way too big and the resolution too low to work with at a standard desk . Plus , if you buy it from Amazon and decide , like I did , that it 's just too damn big , and then return it , you will be charged a restocking fee . I would recommend a 23 '' or 24 '' monitor instead . I ended up with an Acer 23 '' monitor which I am very pleased with ...
 Well , my remaining Hanns-G HG281D died today . I originally bought three of them about 2.5 years ago . My desktop looked pretty cool - especially when I would drag a window across all three big monitors . The first one died after a year and a half , the second one followed about six months later , and the third one died today . If you need a cheap , throw-away monitor , these are great . If not , I would recommend spending a bit more for something with greater longevity .
 This monitor was to be used as a monitor for a Mac Book Pro.The first monitor shipped did not work at all in any mode.The second monitor shipped had a vertical red line on the screen.No further monitors were shipped . I got a Samsung insteadthat works just great .
 I 'll keep this review brief . While it worked , this was a great monitor . Really nice picture , fast refresh , no ghosting -- exactly what you 'd want in a big screen LCD . Then , after about three months , the whole screen started turning white . Switch off monitor and then switch back on . It worked fine for about twenty minutes , then screen turned all white . Now it does it within five minutes of being switched on . Guaranteed , every time.Talked to Hanns.G . Need to ship it back , on my dime . So , if I want them to take a look at it , I have to pay $ 50 -LRB- must insure it apparently -RRB- to ship it to them . With no guarantee that they 'll even fix it.Other people have complained about the screen turning white issue . It seems that it might be a not uncommon problem . My monitor was manufactured in August 2007 , even though I bought it in August 2008 . Maybe it was a bad batch.Anyway , I bought a 30inch Samsung monitor instead . And I absolutely love it .
 This monitor worked great until it quit working after 13 months because of the `` white screen '' of death issue commented onby others . Called Hann G service , several times over several days , because I found something out . No matterwhat problem you say this monitor has besides `` It wo n't turn on '' the tech diagnoses the LCD panel is broken.Which means , that warranty is vapor . The LCD is warranted ONE year , other parts and service for 3 years . That 's thecatch ... my monitor , by the way , was diagnosed by another company as quite possibly a controller issue ona card which was heating up and internally shorting . Hanns G techs would not even consider it.Since found others with same experiences . Probably should be a class action lawsuit , but do n't getsnookered by this bunch of warranty crooks . Buy a name brand .
 I got my new Sansa e280v2 yesterday , and tried to put this case on it today , twelve hours after I got the Sansa . I noticed the Velcro closure tab slid over the Sansa screen , and the entire thing was difficult to put on to the Sansa -LRB- and take it off again -RRB- . When I got the case off of my Sansa , I saw several 0.5 cm long hairline scratches on the upper right of the screen . Not sure if they were there before , but I only noticed them after the case removal.I then made my own case with a 1 ml thick clear plastic bag , taped a side and part of the bottom shut with red bag tape , made holes for the earphone jack and the volume wheel , and left an opening at the bottom for the power jack or sync jack . Will look for the protective screens.And the hole for the headphone jack is on the wrong side , left viewed from front , should be on the right . You could make another hole on the correct side ; and a hole for the volume wheel . If you need a sport case/holder , this may work for you . I just needed the screen protected , with a bonus of protecting the entire Sansa .
 Horrible QualityAll told , I paid 25 bucks for what seems to worth 25 cents at best . It does n't fit properly , it leaves glue residue on my Sansa and the `` hole '' to turn the thumbwheel is way off center , rendering it almost useless ! Really bad product ! I think blind folded pigmies with their hands tied around their backs made these . Do not buy this overpriced piece of garbage !
 After finding a gazzilion different armbands on amazon I am unhappy that I bought this arm band in the store . The case makes it hard to operate the buttons . The wheel slips around in the case . The design is silly . The velcro closes on the bottom where you insert your player into the case so if it opens you are screwed . The armband is horrible . You need to use the belt clip to attatch it tot he band . It 's flops around when running and sticks out to far . I am hoping the next band I orders is better and more of a lower profile . Hopefully the customer reviews were right .
 The design on the armband is terrible . I wanted an armband for my player for running outdoors , and I received the DLO Action Jacket as a birthday present . While , yes , it does affix the player to your arm so you do not have to hold it , it is vastly inferior to products available for other players.The Sansa Player fits into the action jacket , which has the belt clip attached -LRB- we 'll not worry about the fact that there is no way to access the hold buttom , and that there is no cut out for the power button - finger nails have gouged a hole there in a matter of days -RRB- . The belt clip then has to fit into a narrow sleeve on the adjustable armband . The result is an elevated profile , insecurely fastened , that is top heavy . As you run , the player flops around as you pump your arms , and the belt clip starts to pull the armband down -LRB- since all of the force of the player in concentrated on one point at the top of the band -RRB- . When you see what is available for iPods ... the player is more firmly attached and is closer to the arm . I guess I 'll have to wait for another generation of accessories before I get an armband that will get the job done .
 This case does not work well for running or other vigorous activity . Case attaches to armband with belt clip , the result is high profile and unstable and looks way un-cool overall . Maybe not bad to use with the belt clip while walking . Adds a lot of bulk to what is already a bulky player . Note that case does not look like the main photo on Amazon .
 I bought this because this was one of the few mini-monitors that had a VGA input for my computer , and found that VGA mode to not work on this thing . There are two modes available
 i own an eagle ET-AR504LR-BK speaker and decided to compare it side by side with my friend 's CA-3550WB : in terms of sound quality 504 reproduced very fine details in pretty much all types of movies or music that we played . the 3550 sounded muddy , especially in the treble and mid-range . in terms of sound volume 504 got very loud when we turned the volume up to 40 % , there was no distortion until 80 % but my friend and i could not withstand the volume already , it was so loud that we could not hear each other . the 3550 got to similar volume level but distortion was much more noticeable.in terms of features the 504 came with full function remote , LCD display and digital equalizer . the 3550 did not have any of those.call me biased but both my friend and i agree that 504 is a much nicer speaker for just about 10 dollars more.your listening experience may be different and the best way to tell two speakers apart is by comparing them side by side like we did .
 If you are looking for an inexpensive computer sound system with THUNDERING BASS , but terrible audio quality than this is for you ! I purchased a Cyber Acoustics speaker system a few years ago from K-mart and was pleasantly surprised by the audio quality . Being in the market again , I remembered how pleased I was and decided to try them again . I typically use my computer speakers for listening to music.If you care about audio quality , this system is a big mistake . The bass is WAY to heavy , and the little speakers ridiculously shrill , resulting in an awful sound of overwhelming bass mixed with a cacophony of nail on chalk board sounds . The mid range is almost completely absent . Imagine Alicia Keys , with the thumping bass and shrill highs on the piano with her voice muffled .
 I bought it , and it was decent but after a day the sub-woofer stopped working . I was n't even near it when it blew out , all i did was turn it on and the sub-woofer was not playing anything .
 While I purchased my DVD201 almost 21/2 years ago , I have yet to put over 30 hours of recording on it . The problem is that the camera has a horrible time with disc access errors . I have used brand new SONY DVD-R discs -LRB- both the 1.4 GB single sided and the 2.8 GB double sided -RRB- , and every time it is a crap shoot as to whether it will work or not.About 1/3 of the disks never get recognized by the camera at all - and basically have to be returned as bad , even though they seem to work ok in my personal computer . Of the ones that originally work , almost HALF of them end up with disc access errors at some point - many when I am finalizing the disc ! That means I lose the entire contants of the recording ! I 've lost recordings of family vacations , holidays and birthdays , and finally -LRB- the straw that broke the proverbial camel 's back -RRB- I LOST THE VIDEO OF MY ONLY DAUGHTER 'S WEDDING ! UNBELIEVABLE !!!!! I went to SONY 's online `` help '' , and found it was a joke ! Not only were they incredibly slow , they asked me the same questions over and over again . DId you format the diswc ? -LRB- no - the DVD-R 's do not require formatting -RRB- . Have you finalized the disc ? -LRB- no - the camera does not even recognize it has a disc in it - I ca n't even record , let alone finalize anything -RRB- Have you tried a new disc ? -LRB- yes , about 6 of them , right out of the package -RRB- If the discs would fail initially , then I could at least get new ones - BUT TO HAVE IT FAIL AFTER THE PICTURES ARE RECORDED does not leave me ANY options . SONY recommended going to a data recovery house to recover the data , but they want $ 400 bucks to get whatever you get - I am not even sure the data is recoverable!I 've been on several boards and have seen the same problem reported over and over -LRB- unfortunately , not before I had purchased the camera -RRB- . Has ANYONE had ANY luck getting this camera to work reliably ? SONY wants $ 211 -LRB- flat rate -RRB- for me to send the camera to them for repair , and a couple of other places have quoted about $ 140 - $ 160 . Before I throw any more money down the drain with this camera - I 'd like some assurance that it will actually work . ANY suggestions greatly appreciated !
 Users beware of this product . It is a waste of your time , data , and money . It has been to the Sony Repair Center twice and they are still unable to solve the disc error access problems when I use generic dvd discs . Their only answer is that I must use Genuine Sony Brand and the camcorder would not recognise other generic discs . They said this inspite of the fact that I already have recorded and finalized several dozen generic dvd 's , that will work fine on my television dvd player , but will not play again on my Sony dvd201 . The Repair Center also said that my dozens of other non-finalized discs , that are no longer recognized by my camera , will no longer work because they are not Sony Brand . I suspect that there is probably a Sony Trojan on the headers of their Sony Brand DVD 's so that you have to purchase Sony Brand to make your camcorder function . I have spent hours of my time in frustration trying to make these discs work again . There are also numerson other functional problems with this Sony dvd201 camcorder . Disc ejection is very difficut if you put a non-recognized disc in the camera . When the camera gets hot , with normal use , then disc ejection is very difficutlt .
 Do not buy . This camera has very little real value.It privides USELESS EDITING support.The bundled software -LRB- Pixela Image Mixer -RRB- SUCKS big time . There is no way to get your movies off the camera except using this software . If you happen to lose or scratch the software cd , you have to BUY IT AGAIN @ $ 40 . I 'm wasting a little bit of my life by writing this review because i happen to be one frustrated owner of this product - Sony DCR DVD-201 . Here are two conversations I had with Sony customer support after I lost my software CD :[ ... -RSB-
 Believe me when I tell you ... this camera is a joke . You have to capture into sony 's worthless software which allows little or no editing . I would consider this one of the worst purchases I have ever made . Absolutely no help from Sony techs and the geeks at best buy tell me I 'm up a creek . Thanks sony .
 The technology is coming , but it is one of those items that you might want to wait a year to see what updates they can do . The current Camera/DVD or Video war reminds me a lot of the Beta VS VHS war . It is just a matter of time before the Cameras are all DVD and have almost movie quality . I think at this point just for the simple reason that SONY has discontinued many other versions that were new 6 or 9 months ago , that should be reason enough to wait . But again . . it 's up to you
 This camera does not work with Adobe Premiere Elements 1.0 . I repeat ... this camera does not work with Adobe Premiere Elements 1.0 . After days of troubleshooting and a potentially $ 39 phone call to Adobe , their tech help put it simply . He said , `` That camera records in MPEG-2 . Adobe Premiere Elements does n't like MPEG-2 . You need to try converting your MPEG-2 's to AVI files before bringing them into Adobe Premiere Elements . `` Well , I 'm working on that , but so far , no luck . Despite the fact that my computer has enough hard drive space , plenty of RAM , has been defragged , etc. etc. , the picture is still jumpy and there 's no sound . Instead of editing videos , I 'm now hunting all over the web for file conversion programs that work with the DVD201 and Adobe Premiere Elements . Not fun and it 'll probably cost me.I will say that this camera 's touch screen is very intuitive and fun to use . Overall , the camera is easy and fun to use , but if you have any delusions of video editing , stick with the older Mini-DV cameras . Also , the software that came with this camera is AWFUL .
 I bought this camera back in December 2004 just before going on a trip to Europe , at the time it was the `` bee 's knees '' in camcorders . It was the most amazing little gadget I had owned at the time , and I was thrilled with the results . I 'm still very happy with the results , but there are quite a few issues with it.Firstly , you ca n't do anything with the video you 've shot - even getting clips onto your PC is a chore . Sometimes the computer finds the camera , more often it does n't . I 've now given up getting anything onto the PC , and I just watch the video on the TV unedited . The software that comes with it is completely useless . All you can do is stitch together different clips in their entirety . I managed to do this ONCE in 2 years , but never got the software to burn a DVD of what I had stitched together - the software crashed the computer every time I tried to do it , so I gave up trying.Secondly , like so many other people , disc errors pop up every once in a while . I admit I have been lucky with it , and have only had a couple , but then again , I have n't used this camera much in all that time , and you just do n't know when its going to happen . -LRB- I had a disc error when I put a new SONY DVD into the camera in St Petersburg , Russia . I did n't have another DVD with me , so I have no video of St Petersburg at all . -RRB- Lastly , finalising a disc is a nightmare . You spend 10 or 15 mins chewing your nails to the quick waiting for the camera to start beeping and flashing ` DISC ERROR ' at you , thus loosing everything you 've shot . Again , this has only happened to me a handful of times , but it happens right at the moment when you do n't want it to happen . I lost the whole of the west of Ireland because of a disc error during finalising - once again , a SONY disc . Its not as if you can just put another disc in and go back to Ireland to reshoot it all . The 3 or 4 other times its happened was close to home , when I just did go back and reshoot it another day . But what if it had been something important , like the birth of a child or a wedding , like other reviewers have had?After reading so many horror stories about this camera , I can say I 'm one of the lucky few . My camera has only done the dirty on me a couple of times , but then again , every time I use it , I think to myself , ` Is this the time its gon na stuff up ??? ' Which is a real pity , because on the whole its been a nice little camera , and has traveled with me to a lot of places , and has generally been great . But ... you just never know when the moment will come.Using Sony discs wont solve the disc error problem . I 've only ever used Sony brand discs , and they also give errors when the camera feels like it . And the camera hates DVD+R discs - I wasted money on a whole packet of these , only to have every one of them get a DISC ERROR from the camera when I first put them in . Obviously it only likes DVD-R discs.I would say , save your nerves and do n't buy any DVD camcorder , no matter what the brand . They 're far too temperamental and the technology too dodgy .
 As a camcorder , I 've found the DCR-201 works pretty well ... both the picture and sound quality of recordings have been just fine , by and large.HOWEVER , I am frustrated beyond words at the fact that this piece of Sony equipment is not Mac compatible ! My primary rationale in purchasing a Mini-DVD camcorder -LRB- as opposed to one using another format -RRB- was the idea that I could edit and make copies of film on my computer . What Sony & Amazon failed to mention ANYWHERE - in product descriptions , in Amazon reviews , etc. - is the fact that the Sony/Pixela editing software -LRB- which many other reviewers have complained about -RRB- is NOT Mac compatible . And , from what I can tell , neither Sony nor Pixela have any intent of releasing a Mac version of the software.All of which means ... well , it means that I wasted a lot of time , effort and money . If you own a Mac , DO NOT buy a Sony mini-DVD camcorder .
 If you want to lose the precious moments of your life time use this camera . I have recorded 7 dvds and 3 of them lost the data due to disc access errors . Worst of all Sony service denies there are any problems with this pile of junk . And refered me to a data recovery service that could possibley recover it for $ 400 per disc . But being a Sony referal I was eligable for a 10 % discount . If there are no problems why the service discount . I 'm considering class action lawsuit because I know the are plenty of people in the same boat . I have never written a review before , but I do n't want anyone to suffer the loss of their precious memories .
 The main problem is that you will loose your precious movies and pictures . I already lost 3 dvds . And it happens with both Sony and third party disks . I also had 2 dvd-rw Sony that I could n't copy on my computer but the copy worked flawless at the store on a VAIO -LRB- so I could n't make any complaint , even with all my extended warranty -RRB- . I did a little search on the internet and saw that data recovery companies -LRB- Apex Technology Limited UK being one of them -RRB- now specify ALL dvd-based Sony camcorders in their advertising . So I probably wo n't buy any similar camera made by Sony . And their only support is like `` We regret the difficulties you are experiencing . However it is not possible to recover the data on a corrupted disc . You may contact any third party solution providers to recover the data from the corrupted discs . '' To tell the truth , I am really shocked that a company like Sony can market something like this .
 I purchased a new DVD201 with high hopes on how it would work . I already own a Sony DVD recorder for my home ent . center and a Sony Mavica CD camera , which I love -LRB- and uses the same batteries as this camcorder -RRB- , so I thought this camera would be ideal for us , as I would have no problems using Sony products with Sony products.But even at the highest quality setting -LRB- HQ setting -RRB- the picture quality is lousy - the colors are all faded and washed out . I thought at first this might be because I was using SP mode and VR recording setting , so I switched to HQ and Video mode . Very little difference . I filmed well-lit indoor scenes of items with bright colors and went outside and filmed flowers in bloom and other items with vivid color . Only the outside shots came even close to being acceptable - the inside shots were not good , and for $ 900 with all the accessories , this is too much to pay for a poor quality picture . I am very disappointed . I would have kept this camera if it were not for this problem . Also , it is just as someone else posted here , this is not a bug in the camera I bought - this is how it works . DO NOT BE FOOLED BY THE IMAGE IN THE VIEWFINDER when you try this camera in the store . Burn a DVD-R disc , then play it back on a DVD player on any TV - you will see the problem.Also , the shots taken outside are noisy , with little wind today , the shots sound like I am in a wind tunnel . The mike picked up lots of wind noise . This is not acceptable either.Finally , the sound on the inside shots have a high amount of background noise -LRB- whirring sound -RRB- due to the DVD motor . This is also unacceptable.SONY ENGINEERS
 I 'm calling it quits with this hunk of crap . I am sick of losing data due to `` disc access errors '' . I just lost THREE STRAIGHT DVDs including the filming of my daughter 's first Christmas . And what is Sony 's solution to this problem ? They refer me to a data recovery service that wants to charge me $ 400 + PER DISC to get my data back . I do n't usually take the time to write reviews , but people must be warned . Thanks for nothing , Sony .
 I too have suffered the same unexplained frustrations with the mini-DVD format errors , disc errors , etc that randomly and unpredictably come with this camera . I have a DCR DVD-300 which is essentially the same as the 100 and 200 series with a few more options . I would recommend a mini-DV or solid state format until this technology is perfected . Early on during my ownership of the camera which has been for over three years , I had a disc get stuck in the camera . It would not eject due to a format problem . Sony 's only answer was to charge over $ 200 just to open the camera . Instead , I purchased a technical repair manual , and removed the disc myself . Since that time , I 've had no fewer than six discs result in format errors or disc errors . This will happen when you least expect it . My most recent one happened two weeks ago when my nephew was filming my wedding ! Therefore , no wedding video ! I 'm sure I can spend an exorbitant amount to a data recovery service.Sony should provide a solid data recovery software program with this camera.The editing software is not user friendly either . In hindsight , as much as I love the camera when it is working properly , the risk is n't worth the format . Wait for technology to catch up.A program called CD Roller will offer help in many cases .
 I got this camera because I was being deployed to Iraq with the Army , and wanted a removable media that I can mail home and be played back without the device being there to plug in . That is the only good thing I have to say about it . The record time is poor , but accessing the disc on the device is like a digital camera without having to fast-forward and rewind . I guess there are two good things about it . The only software that works with it is the program it comes with , and that is n't all that great . I have taken care of this thing like you would n't believe . I built a padded airtight case for it out of a .50 cal ammo can . One week after the one year warranty was up it just stopped working . It wo n't read discs and makes a strange sound . I have never dropped it or handled roughly . The DVD is more of a novelty and is n't worth the money I paid for it . I can only imagine what it will cost to fix the thing . My digital 8mm has never failed me . If I were to do it all over again , I would have gone with a mini DV .
 We bought this camcorder in 2004 when it first came out . Seemed like a decent deal at the time . First problem , have lens adapter to put additional lenses on it but ca n't screw them on b/c of the way the cd portion is shaped . Second and BIGGEST problem
 TO START OFF , SONY LIED IN THE PROMOTION OF THIS CAMERA ... IT HAS NO COMPATIBLE MICROPHONES TO MOUNT ON THE INTELLISHUE ... IT HAS NO SOFTWARE COMPATIBLE WITH THE FORMAT OF THIS CAMERA ... THE PICTURE QUALITY IS NOT AS GOOD AS MINI DV . . I THINK MY 8MM MIGHT HAVE BETTER QUALITY ... SONY MAKES ALL THESE CLAIMS AND THEY ARE NOT TRUE ... THE SONY TECH TEAM THAT I HAVE TALKED TO FOR DAYS NOW DOES NOT HAVE A CLUE ABOUT THIS CAMERA . . THEY ARE UNEDUCATED AND COULD NOT HELP ME IN THE LEAST WAY WHEN I CALLED TO GET HELP SOLVING THESE PROBLEMS . . NOW THAT I BROUGHT ALL THESE PROBLEMS TO THEIR ATTENTION . . THEY SAY `` TOUGH LUCK-THANKS FOR BUYING THIS CAMERA '' ... THIS IS FRAUD AND NOT TO MENTION THE HORRIBLE CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT I GOT WHEN I TRIED TO SOLVE THESE PROBLEMS ... I WOULD HAVE NEVER BOUGHT THIS CAMERA IF I WAS NOT TRICKED INTO BUYING IT FROM SONY ... THE SOFTWARE SONY PROVIDES CRASHES CONSTANTLY AND IS LIMITED AND UNPREDICTIBLE WITH FLAWS IN YOUR FINAL PRODUCT ... IF YOU PLAN TO DO EDITING OR WANT ACCESSORIES TO GO WITH YOUR CAMERA ... THIS IS NOT THE CAMERA TO BUY ... I AM VERY DISAPOINTED IN SONY WITH THIS PRODUCT ... I LIKE DVD FORMAT ... BUT SONY HAS NOT FIGURED OUT HOW TO DO IT RIGHT AND I AM STUCK WITH A VERY EXPENSIVE EXPERIMENTAL CAMERA THAT DOES NOT DO THE JOB THAT SONY CLAIMS IT WOULD . . SAVE HALF YOUR MONEY AND GET A MINI DV CAMERA ... SONY GOT ME ON THIS ONE ... I WILL NOT BUY SONY ANYMORE DUE TO THE LYING AND UNWILLINGNESS TO MAKE GOOD ON THIS PIECE OF JUNK THEY SOLD ME ... I SAY BOYCOTT SONY UNTIL THEY WAKE UP AND REALIZE THE CUSTOMERS ARE NOT GOING TO KEEP PAYING HIGH PRICES FOR POOR PRODUCTS ...
 I waited for this 2nd generation model to hit the market but I was nothing but disappointed . I purchased the DVD 201 through a retail chain 2 week ago and I see many yellow dots on the screen and it actually records to the DVD . The coloring looks distorted . It does not seem to happen outside and at first I thought it was low lighting so I bought a light which does not seem to help with the spots . With the shades open -LRB- in the house -RRB- the dots disappear , but once the shades are closed you see tons of dots again . I have a realitively well lite house in addition to using the 3 watt light on the hotshoe . I exchanged once already -LRB- 2 weeks prior -RRB- because I thought it was a mfg defect but I am still having the same problem with the replacement . I have a work order number for repair from Sony that is the best they can do to resolve the issue . What a shame a brand new camcorder has to be serviced 2 weeks old and on top of it I have to pay shipping expenses . I returned it to the store again and am going to read reviews to find a better quality camera . I previously had a JVC which was great and currently they seem to have the better reviews than Sony and Canon . I do n't think the DVD world is up to speed yet . Save your money until it is perfected .
 I 've had this camera for over a year . It 's a gamble to use however . You 'll either be able to finalize your discs with no problems and have a great little DVD of your favorite moments , or it will have an error and erase everything ! It 's really up to how it feels at the moment , too . You have to record without moving as well , remember , there 's a tiny laser etching data inside there and any sudden turns will erase the disk.If you can get it to work , the picture will look FANTASTIC ! But it 's really too much a gamble to take . Do n't buy .
 JUST LIKE SEVERAL OTHERS I BOUGHT THIS CAMCORDER WHEN IT FIRST CAME ON THE MARKET . MINE WAS PURCHASED IN DEC. 2004 . IT WORKED FINE UNTIL JUNE OF THIS YEAR . AFTER SPENDING CLOSE TO AN HOUR ON THE PHONE WITH SONY 'S REPAIR DEPT. I FOUND OUT IT WILL COST $ 211 TO REPAIR , AND I ONLY GET A 90 DAY GUARANTEE ON THAT . MY CAMCORDER JUST STOPPED WORKING , PERIOD ! FOR NO REASON AT ALL , THE LCD SCREEN WAS THE FIRST THING THAT WENT , THEN IT WOULD NOT CHARGE , THEN IT WOULD NOT EVEN POWER ON !! THIS CAMERA HAS NEVER BEEN DROPPED , HIT , NEVER WET , NEVER USED OUTSIDE IN RAIN OR SNOW ETC ; THIS IS THE BIGGEST WASTE OF $ 800 I HAVE EVER SEEN , AND IT 'S OBVIOUS FROM THE OTHER OPINIONS I HAVE READ , I 'M NOT THE ONLY PERSON TO HAVE GOTTEN THE ROYAL SHAFT FROM SONY . MY NEXT LETTER WILL BE TO SONY . SO ANYBODY AND EVERYBODY , PLEASE , PLEASE , DO NOT PURCHASE ANYTHING MADE BY SONY !!!!
 Bought this camcorder about five years ago for more than a thousand dollars . Big mistake . Sony provided little support for the dvd201 then , and has none now . The software was almost impossible to use , but if you lose it , cry , nothing else works , and there is no where to get a replacement .
 I own this camera . Nowhere does Sony tell you that this camera will only function reliably with sony discs . The manual only tells you it has to be an 8cm disc . When you turn the camera on -LRB- after you buy it -RRB- it will show `` sony disc reccomended '' on the screen , not required . After losing discs to access error messages -LRB- this included my daughters sweet 16 party , an overseas trip and finally a vacation in the mountains -RRB- I sent it in to sony . Sony sent it back stating nothing was wrong , but that sony discs had to be used to guarantee it will work -LRB- stated nowhere on the box or manual -RRB- . The sony discs are hard to find and more expensive than any other brand . Sony forces you to buy their discs after you 've bought the camera otherwise why not clearly state Sony Discs Mandatory on the box or handbook prior to purchase . They are ripping their customers off !
 Sony is currently the only manufacturer making DVD-RW camcorders and apparently they have n't perfected it . I bought mine for almost $ 1,000 and have had to send it to repair twice , sending it AGAIN as the finalized DVD 's all SKIP !!! The DVD 's are also very expensive , only hold 25 minutes of video and although RW 's allow you to re-record you can not edit out certain clips and record over those . I am truly disappointed to have bought such an expensive defective camera , and what 's worse is the terrible service I have received from Sony . They will not return my money , and will not give me a new camera . Recently I learned from an employee at another store that MANY customers return this model for the same skipping problem . Sony must be aware of this yet continues to con people out of their money . The most they can do for me is issue an `` exchange '' someone else 's defective camera ... and that 's not guaranteed ... so here we are 4 months later ... with a defective camera having missed out on precious family memories ... going through hassle , time & expense of continuing to have to contact Sony , ship back , test , retest etc. . Save yourself the aggravation ... do NOT buy this product .
 This camera , which I have owned for a year or so , is limited in every way . The 30 minute time limit -LRB- actually 21 or 22 minutes for a formatted DVD -RRB- is only the begining . Once you have the images , you ca n't do much with them , as the camera and the software -LRB- CRAP ! -RRB- is not very useful or user-friendly . If you do n't buy SONY brand discs , many other brands , that claim to be Sony compatible -LRB- such as panasonic -RRB- will fail ONLY WHEN FINALIZING - that means you just lost 30 minutes of footage - for us it was our daughter 's first day skiing!Thanks Sony , for reminding me why I hate your products !
 Do n't waste your money !! 80 % + have broken just trying to sinch them up . The are brittle and useless . This crap makes harbor freight junk look good !
 The video card looked good for my agp based motherboard that i didnt want to replace yet . So i bought it thinking best video card for agp . Then i slowly realized that many people were saying it was buring out and that it didnt work well . Well i though i would take a chance on mine . So i recieved and installed the drivers which are xfx . Little did i know that on the same day it would burn out . DO NOT BUY , stick with Nvidia 7000 series or just replace motherboard for pci-e .
 I had one of these . It was a pretty good card -- great for AGP -- for the first four weeks I had it . Then it burned out -LRB- literally -RRB- . I did n't overclock it , the power supply was 470 watts , and the old AGP card worked fine when I reverted to it . So , beware . Maybe it 's a fluke , but I 'm not inclined to buy another one.There is also some difficulty with the drivers -- you ca n't use standard NVidia drivers with this card , but have to use the XFX drivers instead . This is supposed to change in a future `` major rev '' of the NVidia drivers , but in the meantime , it means it takes a little longer to get updates .
 Pro -- * Compact enough to fit into a jacket pocket , yet opens to a comfortable working size with full-sized keys , including a number row.For those who do serious number entry to spreadsheets , this is decidedly a deal-maker over the Stowaway keyboard which requires alt-key combinations to access numbers and symbols . The full-size keys require no revamping of typing habits as does the miniaturized key spacing on the Freedom Keyboard.To my knowledge , there is no other folding bluetooth keyboard on the market at the time of this writing which has * both * full-size keys * and * a number/symbol row . * The bluetooth connection is clean , lag free , and accurate.Con -- * The software for gaining a connection is a bit cumbersome , requiring entry of a checkmark into a box with each use , and then an access code on a second screen with each battery replacement -LRB- see below -RRB- . * Flimsy Locking Mechanism / Not Usable on a Lap.The manual tells us that a lock is provided to keep the opened keyboard flat `` while on your lap or on a non-flat surface '' . This `` lock '' is a single piece of wire about the thickness of an undone paperclip , which travels 7/8 '' along the top of the board from the left half into the right.Even when locked , the keyboard does n't lay flat , and with the center of the board hovering over the empty chasm between the user 's legs , held in place only by one thin piece of wire , the two halves bend to an increasingly exaggerated `` V '' shape after any amount of light-handed typing.HP could have saved themselves the trouble of this useless bit of cosmetics . A user must find a solid flat surface to type on , such as a book . And of course , when sitting on a flat surface , the lock is n't needed . * The manual correctly tells us that one reason to use a wireless keyboard is to `` enjoy the convenience of a wireless bluetooth connection up to 7 meters away from your ... PocketPC '' . Unfortunately , the designers ignored this consideration when conceiving the non-removable cradle.A quick look at the Freedom Keyboard 's pull-out cradle offers HP a lesson in how to do it right . * The keyboard ships with no case , as do most other portable keyboards with non-rugged exteriors . The attractive brushed metalic exterior of the folded case thereby scratches easily in a jacket pocket containing loose change or a set of keys . * It does n't turn off.Yes , you read that last bullet correctly
 It took me 6 months to figure out why its Bluetooth connection would n't hold
 Looks cool . The manufacturer said it could work . I could n't make it happen . Maybe you can . good luck . I have iPAQ 4350 . Had to return it . Beware if you buy one .
 Instructions which come with this item are woefully inadequate to get a person started . Everything I tried to make it work with my iPaq pocket PC resulted in building frustration when it STILL would n't work . I finally decided to set the keyboard aside and went to fold it back up , only it started to break up instead!The end of all this was that the keyboard wound up in two pieces -LRB- roughly -RRB- on the floor . -LSB- ... -RSB- and I will no longer consider ANY bluetooth keyboard for my iPaq .
 ... by the low price . This is junk , IMHO . I 'd give 0 stars if Amazon allowed it.I bought 2 of these and both of them trashed otherwise good working disks.Yes , trashed . Both disks were corrupt after installing them in this enclosure.Fortunately I have image backups of both disks . -LRB- Hitachi and Fujitsu -RRB- . I have used lots of these in the past and I know what I am talking about , this is a very poor product.It 's main problem may be that it can not function from the limited power that USB provides and has no means of an external power supply . This is especially important for older disks that are more power hungry.On top of that , it comes with a really weird USB Y cable that has 3 USB A connectors . Strange.Normally these enclosures have a B connector and come with an A to B or A to mini B cable.Spend $ 20 more and get a reliable product .
 I have quite a bit of experience with external drives and enclosures . Had my first one at least 10 years ago when USB drives came into fashion . Over the years prices have dropped significantly , but so have the qualities of the products . This one is no exception.When I first got it , the drive looks slim , which is pleasing to the eye . Other than that , not much else stoodout as great quality . The little board was not glued right on one of the edges , so one side hangs off . The screws were hard to screw on . But the biggest concern I had was the USB cable . This one uses the not often seen A to A type cable . The one that came with it is barely 3 feet long . Hard to use if you have a desktop . Another problem I encountered was that not all USB ports recognize this drive . You have to try all of them to see if it works.However , my biggest problem is that because the cable is so short , I had problem placing the drive . A few days ago it dropped off the table and landed hard on the floor and it broke the drive inside . Luckily I did n't have important data on the drive . But still , just be aware that this enclosure , due to its slim design , will not provide you with any shock absorption at all .
 This seems to work to get data on and off my IDE hard drive , but the performance is a little shaky . The enclosure is a metal -LRB- aluminum ? -RRB- case with two plastic endcaps , one just to cap it , the other with the power supply and data hook-ups for the drive . Unfortunately , nothing keeps the hard drive securely in place in the enclosure once it 's closed . Every time I move the compiled external drive , I can hear and feel the hard drive jiggle around inside the enclosure . Also , to secure the -LRB- plastic -RRB- business end-cap to the rest of the enclosure , there are two screws to put through holes in the aluminum and drive into two divots in the plastic . I wish that there were some existing threading in the plastic , as I 'm not very confident that it will hold . I 'd prefer that they made something like2 .5 '' SATA Hard Drive Case -LRB- Blue -RRB- 500GB Max Capacityfor a comparable price for IDE drives , but I could n't find one . So , it works , but I do n't have much confidence in its long-term use . I 'll update if anything changes .
 Got it the first of June and went bad in two months ! plain and simple you get what you pay for ! when ever i plugged it in the light would stay red and pc/laptop would not read the drive . i tested the drive and it was fine . i 'm going to try another enclosure and review . good luck if you buy it , i mean its cheap so you probably get your moneys worth !
 bought product and it arrived 2 days later . seller was quick , price was amazing . 2 weeks later after using the enclosure half a dozen times the front part of the case where the drive plugs in came apart . the plastic end came unglued from the board . looking at it i noticed it 's only held in place by 2 dabs of glue . now it wo n't stay back on , even tried gluing it back with super glue but the amount of force needed to pull the drive out is too much even for that since the glue just touches the edge of the pcb board.i decided i needed a firewire enclosure too so i had already bought another one last week before this came apart on me tonight . like i said , seller was great but the product ... well , you get what you pay for . not worth an RMA either as i paid $ 5.66 for the enclosure and $ 5.49 shipping . would cost another $ 5.49 to ship it back for a new one .
 I bought 2 of these HD enclosures recently . Both failed . One got so hot it melted the glue that holds the electronics to the chassis . Both rapidly ceased to work at all .
 Other reviews say this works OK , but It did not work with my laptop hard drive , because of not enough power supplied through USB . Connecting to a powered USB hub does n't help either and to multiple computers , so it depends on your luck - which brand of hard drive you have . I could access the hard drive using another cable adapter , but not with this kit .
 Recieved this today and it was missing parts the part that hooks up the hard drive so I ca n't even use it the blue color is nice but what good is it if you cant hook a drive up
 based on the 2.5 form factor thought its going to fit my laptops 's internal HDD as i 've replaced it with new.somehow the internal -LRB- XPS m1330 -RRB- HDD 's pin do n't fit properly with this hdd connector .
 The drive is functional . The screws to attach the USB end -LRB- plastic cap -RRB- to the aluminum case were missing . I had to wrap electrical tape around it to keep it together . The drive works though and it was cheap .
 Received this in order to backup a dead laptop 's hard drive . None of my computers recognize it -LRB- laptop with XP , another with 7 , and a Mac -RRB- . This is a piece of junk and despite the ease of installing the new drive in the housing , it doesnt do any good . Pay a little more and get a more reliable one .
 I had this very same item a couple of years ago , but from an other trademark . It is easy to use and install . This year , i bought this one . With no razon , without fall , water touch or bad handling , any pc will not recognizes it . It is Just a piece of junk now and I will need to buy another one in less a month . Avoid this item , choose a more expensive device or something else .
 Cheap , cheap product . No air flow , case was damaged on delivery and had to stuff the HD into the case , scratching the unit up on all sides . I got what I paid for -LRB- cheapest one in the list -RRB- - go for a unit with airflow .
 This item does not have the right adapters for laptop hard drives or internal hard drives for desktop computers either unsure of what kind of hard drive it even connects to . I would deff not recomend this product to anyone .
 I bought 2 thinking this would work for my two SATA drives and found out the interface was IDE . Rating it 2 stars for not listing the interface on the tech specs . No idea if the product works as intended .
 The screws did n't fit correctly , and my hard disk wiggled around in the enclosure to the point that it did n't fit properly .
 I have had this case for over two months now and have tried to get it work on five different computers . One time a laptop saw the enclosed hard drive but nothing since . The light comes on to indicate it has power , I connected it to the USB ports on the computers themselves , but still , nothing . I have ruled out the hard drive being the issue because I have since purchased another external case and have had no further issues . Either mine was very , very broken , or as a trend this is a faulty product . Buy at your own risk !
 External enclosure worked for less than 2 minutes . Even during those 2 minutes the device would drop then reconnect . Return postage would cost more than the case.Bluemall , aka BargainCell , is a good seller though .
 Do n't bother with this junk . I tried this on both a Win 7 Pro 64 bit and Vista Home Premium 32 bit machine . Neither would install the drivers , so this device never showed up under My Computer . Therefore , it 's worthless as you ca n't access anything on your hard drive . There is no manufacturer listed on the package , and since no name is given the drive under device manager , you ca n't even go search for a driver anywhere . I even tried to manually install it as a generic USB mass storage device and that also failed . Oh well , it 's only $ 5 wasted . Do n't waste your $ 5 and buy this garbage . I 'd give it zero stars if that were an option .
 The price was very reasonable . However , the distinction between a SATA connector and IDE connector is stated in the description , but was not clear from the title resulting in me purchasing the wrong item . An inexpensive learning experience !
 If you want an aluminum enclosure this will do . But forget establishing a connection between IDE/USB . If your lucky it might work . It may not . The problem with this enclosure and the reason why it sells so cheap is that it does not come with a seperate 5V power supply . Does not even have a jack for it . If you connect say a 160G Drive that requires more current than is available from a USB connection , it will not work and there is no work around , such as bringing additional power . If you connect a small drive that does not require much current and your computer can provide enough power you lucked out . It may or may not work . Nice product huh ? My suggestion is that the enclosure works the rest is just luck . DO N'T buy this one . Pay the money and get one that comes with power like a NextStar 3 , there are others .
 You can only fix the case and the disk with two pin . If you shake the case you will hear the sound from disk .
 First this enclosure is very cheaply made . Second I could n't even get my computer to recongize it at all . Do n't waste your time and buy a better enclousure like the Eagle Tech Mesh IDE Enclousure which is what I got iEagle Tech ET-CS2MU2-BK 2.5-Inch IDE to USB Portable HDD Enclosure -LRB- Mesh -RRB- and I love it
 `` This Hard Drive enclosure did not work . It may have also damaged 2 of my Laptop Hard Drives . Would like compensation . The quality is junk . Very poor solder joints on most connections for the drive plug . It is junk . '' Tried contacting this vendor numerous time . . No reply ... Do n't bother with this trash vendor . .
 Not sure if it was the seller or manufacturer fault , but this product was so defective it 's not even funny . Not to mention the fact it arrived days late . Returned it today .
 This enclosure does not work with HP laptop hard drive . It does not have the same connections as the hard drive , so you can not use it to transfer files from your hard drive . Staples has an enclosure that works perfectly . It is more expensive , but the hard drive fits right into it and works great .
 This shows up in searches for SATA enclosures , I 'm assuming because there 's a bundle including a SATA enclosure with this . It 's a PATA / IDE enclosure ! I 've found this has been happening more on Amazon . Search results with results ALMOST right . I fell for it this time : -LRB- Gave it to a friend and he commented the end caps did n't have holes to insert the screws to secure them.The good thing is it 's cheap enough that it 's not a great loss . Not worth sending back .
 Cuando compre este producto decia que la capacidad m&aacute;xima era de 500Gb , peroahora que vino , la capacidad m&aacute;xima es de 120Gb , me enviaron un producto equivocado , si usted lo va a comprar exija que sea de la capacidad que anuncian.This product is not the right to buy , this is only 120Gb capacity , and said he had bought which was 500GB , do not buy it!Bad product .
 Easy to install , but after about 6 months it started only working intermittently . Finally broke around 7 months , hard drive would turn on but not be recognized in any computer I tried it in -LRB- included ones that it worked in the day before -RRB- . I got a silver one for a couple bucks so I guess you get what you pay for , but you are better off just buying a better one . Also the USB Type A as the connector for the hard drive is pretty stupid . Why not just use a miniUSB like every other external drive I have ever seen ?
 I bought this to recover data off of a crashed laptop . The drive connected to the interface and was detected in both Windows and Linux with no issues . I was able to recover the data I needed . The enclosure itself is very low quality . The drive connected to the interface with no issues but the holes for the screws did n't line up between the aluminum case and the mounting holes on the plastic piece . I ended up using tape to keep the enclosure together . I do not recommend this product for any long term usage .
 I got this and a 320GB , 2.5 '' WD drive -LRB- Western Digital 320 GB 5400rpm ATA100 8MB 2.5-Inch Notebook Hard Drive WD3200BEVE -LRB- Scorpio Blue -RRB- -RRB- to have something to carry around while still being relatively small and not needing an AC adapter -LRB- this uses 2 USB ports , in case you did n't see that in the description , one is for data transfer and one is for power -RRB- . Imagine my surprise , given the number of positive reviews , when I tried to put the drive in and it popped the back cover off ! So , I thought maybe it was the drive , maybe that WD drive is extra long or something ... no , I pulled the drive out of my laptop and tried it ... SAME THING ! -LRB- See the pictures at the top once I get them posted . -RRB- This thing will attract dust and dirt with one of the two endcaps not being able to seat , so I would really shorten the life of my drive if I tried to use this thing ... but I paid less than $ 6 so it 's not really worth trying to return it.I guess I got a dud here since so many other people do n't mention the drive not fitting -LRB- I 'd think that would be something everyone would notice -RRB- .
 I had an issue with placing the hard drive in the enclosure and the reason was that the case and cutout holes for the usb connector did not line up well at all . For the price it works . It just took some messing around before I got it to come together . I thought I was going to break something before I got it to work . Other enclosures I have are easy to swap back and forth . This one I would not swap hard drives because of the difficulty it takes to place them properly . If you are looking for a cheap way to get an ATA 100 interface into a case , this is the buy .
 Great price for a product that looks good and built well . Inserted my laptop hard drive easily but can not get my desktop or laptop to recognize it . Instead i just get the BSOD . Gon na read up on troubleshooting . As of now , its not functional .
 While the case functions well and the blue color is nice , there are a few drawbacks . First , -LRB- and this is my fault for not noticing this -RRB- is that the connection on the case is not micro or mini USB . It has a special cable -LRB- included -RRB- that uses a standard A type plug on both ends . So I ca n't use on of the dozens existing cables that I use for all other USB drives.The second thing I do n't like is how the drive sits in the case . There is no way to secure the drive or have it rest on something int the case . It just plugs into the connector and then slides in the drive . It 's not a tight fit so the can wiggle back and forth in the housing . I would n't trust it to transport regularly.So it gets the job done but there are better options.Plus it did n't help that it took well over a month for delivery .
 Not sure why this thing has a forked usb connector , maybe I 'm not using it right . Anyways , it does work for housing my old hard drive from a crashed dell from around 2005 and connecting it to my new laptop . The usb is n't the most reliable as the cable will come disconnected very easily . Also , the case does n't fit quite perfectly , but it fits well enough for how cheap it is .
 Oh , yes , it works . It is simple enough , and it is cheap in just about every sense of the word.There are really only a few complaints , but consider them carefully : - There are no instructions whatsoever for assembly , but it is simple enough ... except : - There is only a small foam pad inside the case , in the back , to prevent the exposed electronics on most small drives from shoring on the metal case . There should be no shock hazard from 5V USB , but the drive could fail . - The tiny set screws to entomb your drive safely in the case may be lost if you breathe during the procedure . - The USB cable is completely non-conforming to the standards , it has the Type A plug on all 3 ends . Do n't misplace this cable because you will have a hard time finding a replacement on this planet.On a more humorous note , I wonder what they thought the third end was for . -- This , as it turns out , is for power . If the USB port does not provide enough power for your drive , then plug the third USB-A connector into another power source ... This does not change the USB design compliance , but at least explains the third plug.Pros : - Cheap - Easy and quick to assemble . - Plug-n-Play works with the standard drivers built into Windows , no disk .
 The item came so damaged that it was not recognizable . It was cheap so , it was n't worth the effort to to follow up . The saying goes , you get what you pay for .
 I was hoping to luck out with a cheap enclosure . But this did n't work at all . The drive inside is unsupported so it can move and rattle around . This is likely to kill any drive fairly quick if its transported . It might be ok to lay on your desk or something . My drive is now stuck inside as well . The screws to hold the enclosure together wo n't come out . You screw into black plastic and then to get them out you can unscrew forever and it does n't come back out . I will end up needing to drill the screw out . Ruining the product and my chances of a return and possibly the drive I put inside of this . Oh yeah that 's just the physical issues . This also does n't work at all . When plugged into multiple computers , you can hear the drive spin but nothing is recognized on the computer . Tried multiple programs for disk management . I finally found one that could see it , but any way I tried to use it caused an error message .
 At first , this worked good.About 2-months after purchasing this product , I plugged it in to my laptop and all USB items that I had plugged into my laptop disconnected -LRB- external mouse & usb memory stick -RRB- !!! I tried unplugging everything , and plugging it back in , and nothing , my USB ports were dead ! Luckily , after disconnecting the power and battery for a few hours , things came back up and my devices work again , phew ! Hopefully everything is OK inside the laptop , and this incident did not stress the electrical components.I tested the enclosure on an older computer that I could risk the damage . The computer recognized the enclosure , and after a few minutes , the hard drive inside , but would never mount the disk -LRB- show a drive letter for the drive -RRB- , thus giving me no access to the drive . The light went from blinking red/green , to steady red -LRB- no green -RRB- . To make sure the issue was not the hard drive , I placed the hard drive in a different usb-powered enclosure , and everything was up and running within a few seconds.On a side note : Where you would normally expect a standard ` B ' -LRB- square -RRB- , or mini/micro USB connection , this uses an ` A ' USB connection -LRB- the same as on your computer -RRB- . What this means as this uses a cable that is difficult to find at your local store . Do n't loose the cable.Bottom line : If you get a lemon you could have big issues .
 This hard drive enclosure works just fine , but it comes with a couple of ridiculous screws that are so unbelievably tiny that there is no way that I could possibly get a grip on them to put them in . The screws are meant to screw the hard drive in place to the enclosure so that the hard drive does n't move around inside the enclosure.I have never in my life seen screws this small . They 're like the size of an eyelash . And if you drop one you can forget about finding it ever again.Since these screws are impossible to use , you will just have to use the hard drive inside the enclosure without screwing it in and securing it.Other than that , the enlosure works OK . You do need two USB ports to plug it in though , not one , in order to provide enough power to the drive .
 I installed the latest drivers via the dlink website as of this writing . The card worked wonderfully , far more range than my g card . Signal strength was excellent . It was great until I went to shutdown my Vista HP notebook . It would restart everytime unless I physically pulled out this card before shutting down.I even went so far as a fresh install , same exact thing , restart on shut down everytime . How frustrating . I 've read where another person had this exact same flaw happen with their HP notebook . It must be an incompatibility with HP notebooks and at least this expresscard . BTW , everything was updated on the notebook , ie Service Pack 1 , and all the HP updates including the latest notebook bios firmware.I thought about just pulling it whenever I shut down , but ruled against that because I paid for this thing to work better than that . Give me some good luck with my next expresscard , the linksys , fingers crossed .
 This device does not give any wheres near the double the range in my environment over a 801.11 G product so I returned it .
 It just dint get through . Failed to start up , it was a mess ... Expected an upgrade to USB 3.0 with all the hype in comparison with its previous gen. No prompt help from customer support cell either ... Checking out another brand .
 The Xtreme N Express Card does not work with Microsoft Vista . The drivers do not work and they prevent the computer from shutting down properly . Technical Support at D-Link was not useful . Do not use this card if you have Windows Vista . I uninstalled the drivers after removing the card and the computer did shut down properly .
 Xtreme N Express Card AdapterI looked at the reviews at newegg and saw that this adapter had a problem dropping connection with the router , but I had a DIR-655 and other d-Link products and thought I should keep the configuration the same . Anyway , I emailed d-Link tech support and was told to update the firmware on the router , which I did , but it did n't help . I just went back to my built-in 802.11 g card and have the DWA-643 in a drawer . What a waste of money but I have only myself to blame . Trust reviews at newegg
 Read negative reviews but tried it anyways . Card does not start up each time with Vista . Needs to be inserted multiple times and does n't hold signal . Saw no speed improvement over standard Wirless G connection , built into Dell Laptop and not dependable . Other reviews were correct .
 Installed the product in a fast Toshiba laptop running Vista . Product would only connect to my D-Link wireless-n router at 130Mbps . Calls to D-Link support have not helped . D-Link cardbus adapter in a much older/slower laptop connects at 300Mbps
 Maybe it 's just me but I went through 2 of these cards on my new HP laptops . . I say laptop -LRB- S -RRB- because I received the 1st D-Link card at the time I bought my new HP . . Installed the card using the D-Link software and nothing . . Called D-Link and talked to a tech . . He declared the card was bad because the lite would n't come on . . Sent the card back and much to Amazon 's credit , I had a replacement in 2 days -LRB- very happy with their service -RRB- . . Tried to install new card and samething , no lite to indicate it was working . . Decided the laptop must have issues so I sent it back and got a new one -LRB- happy with HP 's service as well -RRB- . . Got the new laptop and tried to install the card . . Again nothing . . No lites , no connection etc. . Called D-Link once again . . Same answer from t/s , send it back . . Like I said , maybe it 's just me but I ca n't recommend this card after the poor D'Link t/s and the fact that I was never able to get 2 different cards working in 2 different pc 's . . PS . . Both laptops were/are running Vista . . Not sure if that plays into it because God knows I 've had my own issues with Vista as well . .
 I 'm a computer tech and I know electronics very well . I was a bit on the fence about draft N to begin with but after testing out this card , I know it 's all just talk . If 802.11 n works , it does n't work with Windows . This card does not work with Vista or XP Pro , Home , or Media.It does n't stream HD like it says , it does n't transfer files any faster , and it takes more power . If it transfers at over 54mbps , I 'd like to know exactly what it transfers at that speed . Because it 's not data.I received incompetent help from D-Link regarding this issue . They just asked me things like `` did you install the utility ? '' or `` do you have the latest driver '' when my email detailed every single step I took . Which , by the way , was every possible step I could take . I received an email once a week asking me one simple question . Not a detailed list of possible questions . I waited an entire week for a response , and received one question . I answered , then waited another week . If this is D-Link 's idea of help , I could mail a letter to them faster than that.First off , I custom set my Extreme N router and found out , for some strange reason , this card would n't connect to it via 11n . So I had to reset my router and reconfigure everything . It connected , my system said connected at 300mbps , and it had good range . The problem was , it was just as fast as the built-in 54mbps 11g on my laptop.So for nearly twice what a wireless 11g card costs , you can get this option , or just get a wireless g which is just as fast . With all of the most recent working drivers and firmware and all updates for windows , this did nothing more than tell me it was connected at speeds it was n't . Draft N does n't work , not yet anyway . If it does , it 's not on a Windows system . The method it uses is almost a bootstrap device driver that encapsulates your TCP/IP connection . It 's not a true connection like 11g or 11b . I guess I should have noticed this is a rough draft , not a final one .
 I upgraded my router to the N spec and eagerly looked forward to higher speeds and greater signal strength using this Express card adapter . I was able to get it setup and working only to find the signal strength worse than my built in G spec network adapter in my HP notebook . It reported faster speeds but I honestly could n't tell the difference in actual usage.The other problem is that if anybody else logs on to the network with a G spec card -LRB- or lower -RRB- it drops the whole network down to that level . Consequently I have quit using the adapter and gone back to the built in hardware in my notebook as it gives about 30 % better reception and more speed than the internet permits anyway.This is my second attempt at upgrading to N spec , maybe someday N spec will live up to the hype.I would n't waste your money on this unless you do n't have any other options .
 The speed of this card with the D-Link N router is impressive . However , when installed on my HP laptop running Vista premium , the laptop would not shut down properly . When the card was installed , the laptop would automatically restart everytime after shutdown . The only way to stop the laptop was to force a shutdown by holding the power button down . The D-Link Vista drivers are beta only and wo n't install since they do not work for the DWA-643 . When I emailed D-Link about the problem and that the Vista drivers were wrong they just emailed instructions on how to install the bad drivers which did not work .
 Note
 the item functions well enough , however the mechanical connection it makes with the xpress card slot is very poor . the card can be accidentally dislodge from the slot with the slightest nudge , and this can readily happen because the card itself sticks out of the slot well-over an inch . the card , when connected functions as expected , but seating the card and keeping it seated are a rea lhassle . therefore , I do not recommend you buy one ... I got mine as a refurb for $ 30 dollars , so I do n't feelas though I got robbed , but if I had paid retail price , I 'd have returned this for a refund , based on it 's poor mechanical , not it 's good electrical capabilities . JD
 This product does not seat properly into Express card slots . As a result this adapter frequently dislodges causing network disconnects .
 I 'm very disappointed in the way this product is marketed by D-Link . While this device supports 802.11 n over 2.4 GHz it does NOT support 802.11 n over the 5GHz frequency.My home network uses the D-Link DIR-825 router configured with a 2.4 GHz network and a 5GHz network operating simultaneously . To limit confusion , I have named one `` network G '' and another `` network N. '' Because I thought that the DWA-643 may offer better performance than the USB-based DWA-160 , I ordered the DWA-643 unit from Amazon . When I installed the device and drivers , I realized that the only networks the card could detect were those operating over the 2.4 GHz frequency range . Terrible ! The DWA-160 sees our 802.11 n network operating at 5GHz AND a neighbor 's newer 5GHz network.When you look at the literature , note that the backwards-compatibility is limited to 802.11 g and 802.11 b . They omitted 802.11 a because that operates using 5GHz . I did not catch this when I first ordered the card . I assumed that an `` Xtreme '' card would actually operate over `` REAL '' 802.11 n which is 5Ghz . Someone who bought this card with the intention of migrating from a mixed 802.11 b/g/n 2.4 GHz network to a purely 802.11 n network should send the card back ASAP , as you 'll be very disappointed when you disable 2.4 Ghz.No online review that I 've read for this device mentions that it does n't support anything on the 5GHz frequency . That 's a real shame . It appears to connect to 802.11 g over 2.4 GHz with no problem , but no one should be paying $ 60 for a card that 's stuck with 2.4 GHz.I hope that anyone else who is using an 802.11 n router -LRB- with 5GHz support -RRB- reads this before purchasing this particular card . Note that I 've gotten pretty good results with the DWA-160 , but this review is focused on the performance of the DWA-643 .
 this product is so cheap it took a week for it to come in . and the quality gets changes , CHEAP
 I originally stated that this splitter works perfectly , but I 'm coming back now to say that even if you amplify before , after , or both , the signal gets distorted to the point of ruining the audio quality.Avoid .
 If all you want to do is take a picture of yourself or your car etc. to put up on a webpage , this will work.but you wont get especially sharp pictures . The resolution is 640x480 , but its a fairly fuzzy 640x480 . If you can cough up more money , you probably should . Remember youll never have to pay for developing your pictures : -RRB-
 I know how to program a VCR , program in Visual Basic , manage a web site and have an extra class ham radio licence . But I could n't figure out how to manage this little camera so am returning it . I 'm glad the other reviewer like it , but I ca n't deal with it .
 I did a little research online before buying this cam as my first digicam . I was looking for something VERY inexpensive , that was going to be EASY . Well the cam is definately easy to use , and definately very inexpensive , and the USB connection makes downloading images to the PC very fast ... but ... If you are n't going to use a tripod , or put the camera on an imobile surface , you 're going to have a problem getting pictures of any worthwhile quality . Every picture i 've taken without a tripod has been blurry and poor quality . I 'm not a novice when it comes to taking pictures ... this cam just does n't do a good job.I tried many different exposure methods , many different quality settings in combo with exposure methods , and the pictures always came out too light , too dark , fuzzy , or just plain crappy.If you are planning to make photo quality prints , this is the wrong cam for you . If you want nice clear pics to put on your web pages , this is the wrong cam for you . Frankly , I ca n't think of a situation you 'd want to use this cam.I , instead , decided to fork over a bit more money , and bought the olympus 460Z , and could n't be happier . Check it out by searching electronics for olympus 460 ... that and the new 490 are EXCELLENT cameras with wonderful features and crystal clear images.Even for a beginner , there are much better cams than this one .
 It says mac compatible . It did not have mac driver in the box and directed me to their website to download it which was n't convenient for that computer . Then I found I still could not get the camera to work with the computer . By that time , it was too late to return it . Uhh ! The only thing I could do with it , was to display a picture briefly on the television .
 All the ` snake ' types of interconnects from AudioQuest that I have used have broken . The solder job on the connectors is very weak and seems to wear out quickly . This has happened to me consistently with both the Diamondbacks and the Copperheads -LRB- no longer made -RRB- . Email to AQ goes unanswered .
 Very simply , these remotes and accessories have different radio frequencies in the americas and europe . i have a remote i bought locally -LRB- non-us -RRB- and a rf extender that i bought from amazon us . They do not work together . I wish I had read about this earlier and not placed this order -LRB- obviously -RRB- . Now I do n't know what to do with it .
 The setup instructions for this product are totally inadequate as is the online troubleshooting help . With phone support , I was able to get the product working , but after a few days the H1000 lost communication with the extender . After two hours of undocumented procedures with technical support , it was working again . After two more days the problem reoccured . The fix seems to be to reload the firmware and software in both the remote and the wireless extender . If it fails again and it is too late to get a refund , I will throw it in the trash and go back to IR communication on my H1000 .
 It does what it 's supposed to ... after 1/2 to 1 second delay per keystroke . This does n't sound like much but hold volume up for a couple of seconds and watch your receiver ... -30 ... -29 ... -28 ... -27 ... and then it keeps going , louder and louder s l o w l y well after you 've released the button , the show has ended , you 've come back from the bathroom ... you get the idea .
 The extender would not work in my home . The tech support rep suggested it was because we have wireless phones or because we have wireless internet router . The tech suggested we disconnect the phones and the router . That was not a viable option . We bought a simple system from the shack and it worked flawlessly .
 This is a slick looking device which is programmed by downloading software and entering model numbers of the hardware you want to control . In my case that was a Samsung LCD TV , a Sony Blue-Ray player , a DirecTV high def receiver and a Panasonic Surround-sound system DVD - videotape player . The first three seemed to work OK , but not the fourth , which I use strictly for sound.Best Buy says they can make an appointment and get it to work , but , in addition to the expense , I work and am not willing to take time off for that purpose . I think it 's ridiculous that Logitech is allowed to advertise a `` plug and play '' product when it is anything but that .
 I received a box with hardware . Included were no instructions or any other literature what-so-ever . I 'm not so sure I received all of the hardware either since nothing says what the contents should be .
 RF Extender box states only that `` Designed for Harmony RF Remotes '' yet shows no product numbers for guidance . Bought Extender with Remote 670 . Told afterward by Harmony Customer Service that only 880 , 890 and 1000 remotes would work . Returned 670 , and bought Remote 880 , but that did n't work . Harmony Customer Service then said only 890 or 1000 would work , and that there was no record of our first call to document the contradictory advice . Quality of Harmony staff seems very mixed , as are their printed instructions and product guidance on the RF Extender 's box .
 This device requires that you glue on IR blasters in front of each of your devices . Then you have to some how store the wires out of sight . This is not exactly `` Wireless '' ! The picture of the device in the advertisement does not show the bundles of wires that need to be connected . This device is not worth the bother .
 Based on my research for the Logitech Harmony 890 remote , I thought I needed the extender . That is not the case . The extender comes with the remote . The return process was a nightmare , because of Amazon 's third party retailers . Beware when purchasing throught the third party retailers , the rules of return and customer satisfaction change ! EVENTUALLY , Amazon resolved all issues , but it did n't happen in their normally easy manner .
 I purchased the Harmony Wireless RF Extender less than one year ago . It worked fine for about six months and then slowly became less responsive until it finally quit working all together . It would work fine if the remote was within line of sight , but if not , it was completely useless . I worked with Logitech 's support for over an hour . They were less than helpful and it was quite obvious they had no idea what was wrong , they were just reading from a script . Then , they became rude and said I just needed to purchase a new one and that there was nothing they could do . Poor product , poor customer support .
 nothing wrong with it , it was n't right for the application I needed-so I returned it and ordered a n ir repeater
 My Logitech wireless extender came in a plan box no direction company responded quickly still no directions ca n't use it but , they refunded me $ 15 for my dissatisfation product cost $ 104 now what do I do with this product with no directions . This company is a joke do n't order from them
 So I got this with the Harmony 1100 . I have a ps3 converter too . The lag between the remote - > converter - > extender - > ps3 was so horrible I opted to use the ps3 converter only . The lag between the other components with the extender isnt as bad as the PS3 , but they still are pretty bad . I 'm read to disconnect the extender altogether and just rely on line of sight.It was n't too difficult to setup , but I would definitely not recommend . My advice would be ensure line of sight and do n't waste your money .
 Attempted to use it with my Harmony 1000 . It works for ~ 5 minutes right after updating both the remote and the extender from the computer , then stops working . The little `` sending RF signal '' icon does flash on the remote , but the extender does not seem to receive any signals whatsoever . Nothing gets it working again -LRB- rebooting the extender , rebooting the remote , pressing connect on the extender , etc. -RRB- -- except re-upating both the remote and extender via USB from the computer . Then it works again for ~ 5 minutes . I doubt it has to do with interference , since I am performing my tests with the remote right next to the extender . Of course , I have updated both the remote and extender with the latest firmware.I do like everything else about the H1000 , and the IR works fine , so now I 'm desperately seeking an alternative RF solution for that remote .
 Even though this item is listed as an `` accessory '' to the Harmony One on Amazon 's page , it is n't compatible with it . The Harmony One is IR only and can not pair with the extender . Save your $ 100 .
 This is a piece of garbage . It works then it flakes out then it works . I spent $ 350 with remote to turn my tv on manually .
 This camera has many good features , and I found it easy to use . Unfortunately , after only 14 months of light usage , the electronics developed gremlins . The viewfinder suddenly went from color to black and white , the door began popping open on its own , and soon the viewfinder was only working half the time . The camera was n't abused ; I was filming with it one morning and it was performing normally , then suddenly not . I attempted to get a repair estimate and it was n't easy , even at designated RCA repair shops . I was told that it would cost less to buy a new camera than it would to have this one fixed . I 'm disappointed in RCA re this product . Granted , it 's an inexpensive camera , but I expected a little more longevity than this .
 RCA has really let the consumer have it on this camera ! It works fine on Windows 95 and 98 , but you will end up with hours of frustration and difficulty if you happen to upgrade your system to XP . The RCA digital camera tech told me on the phone that the camera and XP are incompatible and I could only run the camera on Windows 98 . He said something about buying a flashcard , hooking that up , and then hung up on me . I will never buy another RCA product again as long as I live . Instead of developing a driver to work with XP , they just discontinued the camera . So buyer beware
 Very disappointed in an old familiar company that use to stand for service , quality and integrity.I bought this camera because I was working for a newspaper and needed to be able to send photos immediately . It is difficult to use in anything but broad daylight , because the buttons are so difficult to read , and distinguish . If you barely touch the battery hatch , the batteries fall out . I was filming a magic act , and the entire audience had hushed ; I prepared to take a picture and all of the batteries fell , one at a time to the hardwood floor . It sounded like gunshot . I was so embarrassed . Now , I have the XP upgrade , and I find that this 400 dollar white elephant is a thing of the past.If you , like me , Got stuck with this lemon , I commiserate . -LRB- That 's just too much dust , RCA - Where is your sense of customer service ? RCA , if you ever read these , I 'd really like a driver for my camera . I might buy accessories for this if it worked . If I do n't get a drive , I will NEVER buy RCA again !!! -RRB-
 At first impression I was pleased with the quality and features of RCA 's CDS4100 . Images were crisp and camera was relatively easy to use . When using the LED viewer , battery consumption was poor , as to be expected . What I did not expect was that the clasp that is used to lock the battery storage area is made of plastic . Having used the camera for no more than 10 battery changes , the plastic tab broke , rendering the camera unusable as the door must be locked for camera to have power . Since there is a one year warranty on the camera , I called to make an exchange at no charge . I was rudely informed that the camera was mishandled and the warranty was void ... send $ 150 and the swap would be made ! $ 150 to replace a plastic tab ! I asked when would a camera be broken not as a result of mishandling ... they told me `` if it were to fall apart '' . Boy , that sure sounds like abuse to me ! I sent a registered letter to RCA consumer affairs department compaining about my experience and was never given the courtesy of a letter or phone call in return . The camera is gathering dust at this time ... and I will never buy RCA again !
 I have one of these camera 's also RCA cds4100 . . and ca n't get it to work on WinXP . . where do I get one of these external flash card readers ???? Don
 TODAY 9 OF 02/03 I CAN NOT UNDERSTAND PEOPLE PROMOTING THIS PRODUCT IF IT 'S NO RUNNING WITH WINDOWS XP ! ! ! !
 ITS not just XP guys ... its windows 2000 too ! Sure you can buy MORE products just to use it , but why ? RCA its going to lose A LOT of business on this on !
 I ordered this 80mm fan and instead I got an 92mm fan it is not much of use for the purpose I had in mind , dont know what happen to the p&eacute;rsons in charge of amazon shipment . Guess ill have to mod the 92mm somehow .
 I bought this camera for my daughter in the summer ... it worked for about a week perfectly and then after that the pictures started to get blurry an ever since the pictures taken were a total mess !!! ... i do not advise any one to purchase this camera . . it is a waste of money . . the videos are actually pretty good . . however when u play back on the camera there is no sound . . thats annoying , also the zoom function is horrible as u zoom in the opictures get blurrier and blurrier . However like isaidthis was not the case when she first got it It worked perfect in the beginning ...
 This item never worked for me . Hooked it up according to the directions , and spent many hours trying to figure out why it was not sending a bluetooth signal . Returned to Amazon for a speedy refund . Thanks Amazon.com for a respectable return policy .
 It took 5 days to get a reply that product is not in stock . No place to leave feed back for seller `` northparts ''
 This and seemingly all the batteries for sale today outside the real name brands are a scam . Read the few reviews on every battery for any of the laptops available here or anywhere on the internet , besides the OEMs and the folks like Duracell , Eveready , etc , are basically using cells that are rejected from manufacturing , purchased by these folks who make these knockoffs , and sold at a tremendous profit . They cost about $ 1 to make , are priced at about 50x that amount , last about 3 months if you are lucky , have no warranty.I 've experienced several of these from laptops to cordless phones to iPods , and they all fail after a few months . I have had enough and am trying to tell others about this.I will now go and pay the exorbitant amount that Dell wants for a battery , but at least I get a 1 year warranty on it.Scott
 After reading previous reviews of these strain relief boots , I thought they would be what I wanted . They arrived on time and appeared as advertised , but when put onto the cable ends they were too tight and permanently kept the clip locks depressed so that the clips were always in the release position and never stayed attached to the connection ports . This caused the cables to easily detach from their connection port . I ended up sliding the boots off of the clips so the clips would stay connected . This basically defeated the purpose of the boots and I will not use them on future cables . Fortunately they were not too expensive . The idea of them is good , but their actual performance is poor . Perhaps I got a bad batch of them .
 It seemed to difficult for me . There were n't enough instructions so I have just put it aside until maybe I can find someone who can help me .
 The charger I received does n't even work no matter how I set the cord for it . I am very unhappy about it but it was only $ 3.00 I lost so it 's not that big of a deal for me to go through sending it back or getting a refund . HORRIBLE .
 The charger does not charge the battery fully , instead it will show ` Charge completed ' after about 3 minutes of charging .
 I 'm not sure if this has happened to anyone else but I had a nightmare of a time trying to get the correct phone charger that I needed . I was trying to get away from purchasing a charger from Verizon that would cost me $ 30 when I knew I could get one on Amazon cheaper . Looking back on it now , I should have just bought the charger at Verizon to begin with because I ended up spending about the same amount anyway and had to wait an extra month to get the correct charger.While trying to get the correct charger I received about 3 or 4 other ones , like the VX6100 and VX8000 that were n't for my phone , the VX8100 . I had assumed that all the chargers in the listing would be the exact same , not similar , since they are listed together . The similar chargers would fit into my phone but would n't charge it because the grooves in the bottom were not the exactly the same.It does n't even seem like it 's worth it to send some of the chargers back to get a refund because it 'd probably cost about the same to send them back . When I did contact one of the sellers and told them that I needed the VX8100 charger they apologized and told me they 'd send me the correct one , anddd sent me the wrong one again . One seller ignored the request that I had about specifically sending me the VX8100 and I ended up getting the wrong one.I feel like this might be an issue with the Amazon listing , and wish they would separate the charger listings and not group them together so I did n't have to wait a month spending extra money buying chargers from multiple sellers . As a result , I finally get the correct charger , does n't charge as quickly as the seller listed -LSB- 45 minutes -RSB- OR Amazon listed -LSB- 1-2 hours , instead it charges in a quick 4 hours ... -RSB- but whatever , it does its job and by this time I am so sick of dealing with it that I do n't even care .
 The only reason you see a rating of one star is because the program will not accept a review with zero stars , or even negative stars . The first charger that I received was DOA . Did not work at all . They sent me a second charger that worked once , overnight , and it , too , failed . I paid $ 6.00 inluding shipping , but I was credited with only $ 4.82 Bad experience . I 'm told that these chargers may not have the necessary interface that 's needed to be functional .
 I got this drive a month ago and installed it immediately . The lightscribe feature is cool but I have had numerous problems with this drive . I have called their customer service twice already . I found the online tech support -LRB- using their chat feature -RRB- guys to be rude and useless.First ... the lightscribe feature would give an error before burning and I had to chat with the tech support person for 30 mins to get a url to update the version of Nero since the version that was shipped had some bugs . This is strange . Why would you ship a drive with a buggy software for it ? They should have a note inside their box that says please download the latest version of Nero , Firmware and lightscribe software before installing the drive ... sheesh . I am sure no one would buy these products if there was no internet to get the updates.This was a real hassle.Next ... I called their tech service again when the drive would hang while burning dual layer data disks ... unbelievable . Each dual layer disk costs about 5 bucks . Imagine losing 2 of those in a night . They said I need to update my firmware . I am so upset . Why ca n't they send an email to the registered users whenever a new firmware is available?FYI ... It takes about 28 minutes to print a lightscribe label ! This is the normal burning time for any lightscribe drive.This is the last time I am going to buy or recommend an I/O Magic product .
 The lightscribe portion of the product DOES NOT WORK . I waisted a week back and forth with customer service . I bought an HP lightscribe drive and it worked perfectly the first time .
 I just bought this camera off Amazon , and owned it for less than 24 hours before deciding to return it . I did a side by side comparison , between my 5 year old 4 megapixel Canon and this new 7 mp Pentax . Indoors with flash . Outdoors . In shade . In auto everything mode . Set to my preferences . No contest . The Pentax lost every time . The colors were muddy . The sharpness was far less than my 4 mp Canon . The flash kept overexposing everything , and washing out colors.It also has no controls for aperture or shutter speed . I 'm an old fashioned photographer , having learned on a completely mechanical Pentax from the early '70s . Idiot-proof programs -LRB- sports = faster shutter speed , and ` landscape ' = smaller aperture for depth of field , etc. -RRB- does n't impress me . I tried a couple of them , and they didnt ' work that well either.Bottom line
 I purchased the Pentax Optio W10 this past July because of its waterproof capabilities . I was happy with the camera 's performance until , less than a month after purchase , the flash function stopped working . It was over a month until I finally received my camera back from Pentax . The camera was never the same once I got it back . After having the flash repaired , my images always seemed washed out or overexposed . I was hesitant to send the camera in again because I did n't want to be without it for so long . I was forced to send it back when a crack appeared on the LCD screen . The camera had a screen protector on it and was sitting untouched in a protective case when the crack appeared . I can only assume the crack was a result of built-up pressure from the previous repair . I have now been without my camera for 2/3 of the time I have owned it.After another four weeks of waiting , I called about the status of my camera . I was disappointed to learn that the repair would cost me 80 % of what I had originally paid for the camera . When I tried talking to the customer service representative about my other options , she responded with utter rudeness . She made no attempt to make me feel that your company supports customer needs . Her supervisor was no better . He treated me not as though I was a customer , but rather like I was a nuisance to him . He was completely disrespectful and condescending . I was absolutely disgusted.I originally bought a Pentax because of its waterproof capabilities . I decided to look past the warnings I recieved from a number of camera experts about Pentax 's awful customer service . I was willing to overlook the poor service for a waterproof camera . I was hugely mistaken . I do n't care if Pentax offers a waterproof camera that can swim on its own . Good customer service is more important than product features , and I will be purchasing my next camera from a brand with more reputable customer service .
 I like the features of the camera and the ease of use . The body is small and the display is of good quality . I bought the camera because a family member of mine has the W10 where the picture quality is excellent . This camera is very disappointing in that the picture quality is sub-par . The tones of the pictures are not natural and the pictures are not sharp . I have owned several other digital cameras in the past and this one is the worst in picture quality . The video feature of the camera is relatively good.I would not recommend this camera .
 The waterproof aspect was very appealing when I purchased this camera . I was thinking that if I could get a good point and shoot that also took underwater shots that would kill two birds with one stone . Of the approximately 100 pictures I 've taken , only about 95 of them have been poor picture quality with horrible color . Pentax 's customer support was no help either , I 'm sending the camera back to the store . I can see a very distinct difference in picture quality and clarity between this 7 megapixel Pentax and my 4 year old 5 megapixel Sony P10 . Even with the naked eye -LRB- zooming in seals the deal -RRB- , the Pentax loses every time.The underwater feature is pretty cool and its underwater pictures turn out okay , but I ca n't justify keeping this camera where I 'll only use it underwater very irregularly .
 I bought this camera because the earlier W10 model that 2 of my family members own shoots fantastic quality picures . This one on the other hand has terrible quality pictures that are tinted with a green hue . I have attempted to try reset the settings but to no avail . This camera sucks and I am stuck with it because amazon has a terrible return policy . I will never buy electronics here again !
 I owned this camera for about three years . I used it often for the first two years and now am using a small LEICA point and shoot . I just tried to put the Pentax back in service and it is dead - will not turn on . A new battery does n't help . It was stored in a drawer without a battery under good conditions . Next time I will pay more attention to the negative reviews .
 i used this camera maybe 5 times , very careful with it . it broke somehow while taking water photos and i sent it back for warranty , i got no satisfaction because '' the waterproof seals met their specifications ... '' but my camera was flooded with water , so i dont know how they can justify that claim . basically dont buy it , pentax sucks .
 I carefully measured my tripod and ball head before ordering this bag . They measured 31 long , so the bag was supposed to be 311/2 inches . Well the bag is a little short ! Yeah I can get it in there but not like the fit should be . A real strain on the zipper and you can not stand the bag up like you should be able to .
 I 'm very disappointed on the description of the product.The product was described 31.5 '' or 80cm in length , but when I measured it , it shows 70cm in length . What a misleading product description !! Wo n't buy the bag from this brand ever again !!
 I wanted something inexpensive to add a little boost to the high end . Unfortunately these are too harsh for my ears . They 're going to be sold cheap at the next garage sale & I 'll spend a little more for higher quality .
 I bought this for my S51 camera thinking it would power the camera and also charge its battery -LRB- when the battery is normally inserted in the camera -RRB- . It does not charge the battery of my S51 . I need to contact Nikon to inquire about this , but if you want an AC adaptor that will also charge the battery , then do not buy this one .
 I purchased this emachines through Best Buy 11/2 yrs ago . I have had many computers in my lifetime and this one has been the most disappointing to me . The motherboard shorted out/blew the other day and now I am left with a piece of junk . After talking to many people I work with , I find out I am not the only one with issues exactly as this one . Now I am completely out of luck and the $ 500 I spent ! I will never purchase an emachines again ! Yesterday , I ordered a Dell , let 's see how that one behaves!Luckily , customer service is nice , but they did n't fix this computer !
 I recently added 9 POE IP video cameras to my home surveillance system . I used these boots on all the cables I made . One day , when installing one of the cameras and adding a new cable , I was up in my attic where my POE switches are and noticed that all of the new cables with the new boots had the boots missing . I noticed little pieces under each cable . I realized then that they 'd been eaten by something.Figuring that it was a mouse or something , I bought several mouse traps and baited them with peanut butter . Checked back several days later . Peanut butter and set traps were still there . However , my most recently added cables had their boots eat right off the connectors again !!!! At this point , I noticed some droppings that had n't been there . Based on their size and some research , it appeared that I had rats , not mice . So I bought the Victor rat snap traps and set them . However , this time I baited them with a boot on each one . I set two traps last night.Amazingly , this morning when I checked , both traps had caught two rats . Turns out they are Norway roof rats . I 've never had rats or mice before and no signs of droppings until recently . I suspect that not only are these good bait , but they are what attracted the rats originally several months ago.If you 've bought this particular boot in the past and you have it in an attic or basement , it should be inspected to make sure it 's still in tact . If you have rodents , they will eat these.Also , another nice thing about using these as bait is that they wo n't dry out or rot like real bait will .
 I bought this in November 2012 . I like the handles . what I do n't like is the fact that it has started to split at the seam , and the handle color has rubbed off and they now look a dirty light brown .
 I 've built a new computer and want to keep the cables tidy , this cable does fit that bill . Looks good in the case but after a few cable re-routes I realized that the hoods and cable body are seperate pieces . There is nothing molded about this cable , but it does work .
 Had to epoxy a couple pieces together because they wouldnt stay ... Liitle too much cheap plastic , but its doing the job now
 This mouse is the perfect size for my four year old 's hands , but the pointer on the screen jumps around and is incredibly imprecise relative to the mouse movement . This is a big frustration for a child just learning how to use a mouse . The old full size Dell el cheapo mouse this was to replace is too large relative to my daughter 's hand , but functioned much much better .
 I bought this mouse for my 3 year old daughter . She was delighted with the size and different colored buttons . But she quickly became frustrated with it because it was n't as sensitive as our larger mouse and therefore harder to control . It 's basically worthless now because I have no use for a mouse that does n't work even if it is a good size . I searched all over for this and was very disappointed that I paid so much for it . I 've since run across similar ones at discount stores and wish I had tried those first .
 I bought this mouse because it was small and it does fit well with my small hand . However , it seems like you have to click in a certain spot or it does n't work . It has been that way since the beginning , so it 's not worn out . Very frustrating .
 I 've got a computer with Vista and have been using a Microsoft wireless mouse -LRB- so no great leap for Vista -RRB- . Plugged in this tiny mouse , and have been unable to get the thing to install . No drivers are supplied or even downloadable from Chester Creek , so my son and I can stare at it sitting right next to the usable mouse that is too big for my son 's hand.I will probably head to a superstore and find a small laptop mouse , and put colored stickers on it . This little rodent will get a 50cent sticker for when I have a yard sale .
 Bought this from Amazon at the same time we bought the Sigma 10-20 super wide and the Canon 100MM Macro . Those two lenses are great , this one is a complete dog . Unfortunately , we have been so busy with the other two only recently have we had the need to use this one . The clarity is simply poor at all focal lengths and F stops . Does not matter if hand held , or on a tripod with a wireless flash , it 's a dog . Just tried to return it , today is the 31st of May , and Amazon says my return window expired yesterday . Now I 'm going to have to deal with Sigma I guess . I 'll never buy another Sigma lens .
 the expansion pack is an awesome piece of hardware , but do NOT buy this one . whenever i play games that use the pack , such as turok , star wars racer , or perfect dark , the n64 will overheat every time and cause the game to crash . if you 're gon na buy memory , get the one made by nintendo . do not waste your money on this ...
 This thing is horrible . I bought it so I could play the full bit of Perfect Dark and it was the cheapest expansion pack on amazon.com at the time . The first thing I thought when I started playing with it was , `` This ai n't quality . '' It constantly overheats and freezes gameplay , making most games that require an expansion pack to play -LRB- Perfect Dark is a perfect example -RRB- completely and unfortunately unplayable . EVERY time , and I mean EVERY time , I 've played Perfect Dark , the game has n't stopped because I flipped the `` Off Switch '' on the console , but because the screen freezes with music and sound-effects journeying into the annoying D-D-D-D-D-D-D-D infinite for sounds that reminds me of a certain C64 computer freeze effect , circa 1983 , when one pours a day old cup of warm apple juice into the tower . Even worse , sometimes gameplay continues , but the sound stops ! It makes you realize what a big part of a game sound is when the President gets assassinated because you could n't hear an enemy 's wild warning shots at him . While I appreciate Pelican exposing this fact to me , I 'd still like to have the full 3D surround sound goodness that is included with well manufactured games . I 've had these problems with such quality games as Rogue Squadron , Perfect Dark and even CovertOps
 the pack is nice for graphics but my pack seems to have a major over heating problum . If it is played for more than a half hour the game will freeze . I have a cooling system for the console now but it only allows me to get 2.5 hours then it will freeze again . I hope you have better luck than I did .
 First of . This isnt a Nintendo certified device . Just like Gameshark , Nintendo advises you not to use these products , because if soething does happen you cant go to Nintendo for the warranty because you already broke it by sing an uncertified device . And I 'm sure pelican wont help you any because on the box or in the instructions it will say . `` We are not held responsible for any problems blah blah blah . . '' . It weighs half as much as the nintendo certifield expansion pak . -LRB- pelican .25 lbs NEP .5 lbs -RRB- Which means the Pelican is probably lacking the memory that the NEP -LRB- Nintendo Expansion Pak -RRB- has . That is why overheating problems seem to be happening and why it is cheaper . So basically it does the same thing as the NEP but does a poorer job when the time is demanded for higher performance games such as Perfect Dark which require the NEP . The NEP is expensive I know but i was lucky . I found a cupon for it for 10 dollers instead of 30 in a magazine for Electronic Botique . So I got it for 10 bucks . Happy hunting .
 This expansionpack is a failure . Oh sure , it gives a little better graphics but thats all . Just get the other one .
 Do not buy this expansion pak . It overheats and crashes any game that makes use of it in around 30 minutes , every time . Playing games that do not use the expansion pak and you are fine , but if you play any game that uses it , the game will crash after 30 minutes and the pak itself will be scorching hot . Spend the $ 30 and find yourself an official nintendo expansion pak , be it on Amazon , eBay , or from a local seller.I opened this pak up to see if maybe there was a problem with the heatsink , or if it needed to be repasted , and the `` heat sink '' is just a piece of the aluminum casing screwed to the pcb pressing against the chip with a glob of paste in between them . It 's a joke , and you should n't buy it .
 Installing this into my N64 has made it automatically reset over and over . It has ruined my N64 !!! I was sold JUNK !!!
 You would thing a novatron light stand would hold a novatron monolight , but it does n't . If you plan on changing the position of the light stand , BUY ANOTHER BRAND !
 What is in the pictures is not what will be shipped to you . The blue packaged Fuji 's pictured are made in Japan by Taiyo Yuden and are of the highest quality . What will be shipped to you are the vastly inferior made in Taiwan media in the gold package . I even called BEFORE ORDERING and was assured by customer service that what was pictured is what I am being shipped . HUGE INCONVENIENCE that could have been avoided by simply checking the bin to see what was being shipped that obviously was n't done when I called before I ordered . I think they call it bait and switch or false advertising . You decide .
 definately not for installing and sero . thats what i bought it for . :-LRB- definately reversed , and useless to me . sad .
 Despite some good reviews I 'm sorry I got this set . I 'll never use the case . Only the camera will fit in it , and I need to be able to carry the extra battery . The neck strap is scratchy and even has a label warning it might irritate your neck - plus , it lacks the little tab thingy on the wrist strap that came with the camera , which gives you some help getting out the memory card or the battery if you have big fingers.Finally , the case has a magnetic clasp - I do n't claim to be knowledgeable about how much magnetism a memory card can stand , but I do note that the instruction manuals all warn against getting the card near a battery .
 I would understand if I had this problem with a generic case I bought somewhere . But for Canon to make this case for their own cameras , and have a design flaw that causes such a big problem is really poor . I love my camera but this case is the result of ignorant design . Very disappointing product design from Canon . I take very good care of my things and to have my LCD scratched in the first 3 weeks I owned it - bc of this case - is really frustrating .
 This case has one major flaw
 I thought I was getting a good deal with buying all these items together . I was expecting the case that I got for my SD110 which was quite nice . The case is cheap cheap cheap - Made in China crap . The leather is one step above plastic . The snap to close it scratches the camera . It is basically terrible . The neck strap is a cheapie throw in as well . Just get the battery individually and get another case . This is not worth it . I am so disappointed . It spoilt the enjoyment of getting my new SD300 .
 Although the connection fits the Garmin I have , the original mount it came with had a speaker in it and this does not . The speaker in the Garmin handheld unit itself is not loud enough to be heard when on the windshield and therefore not really suited for its purpose . Mine broke irreparably after a month . If you REALLY need something to mount your old Garmin , this will work . Just keep in mind , there will be more visual involved as you will have a hard time hearing the voice instructions .
 The description made this seem too good to be true , but it never fit properly in my old computer , sadly .
 Did n't work with my Mac . DID n't work at all , defective , returned for immediate fund which was handled in a timely manner .
 The refurbished Canon battery failed in less than four months . There should be some disclaimers or warning statments before such products are sold at Amazon . I would not recommend them to anyone .
 Even it says Canon but the one that I bought ca n't hold charge like my original battery . The one that came with the camera can stay up weeks without use . This one drain out after a few days in the camera . If I take picture inside with flash on , this battery will die after about 30 shots . I suggest you go with the cheaper non-canon one to save your money .
 I received my package in a timely manor , however the package was empty . Buyer beware.Good note , Amazon gave me a refund .
 I wanted a reliable replacement battery for my camera so I bought the full Canon proprietary -LRB- expensive -RRB- battery on Amazon . I broke it in correctly and it charged up well at first . Then I went on a trip of a lifetime that I can not duplicate . Within two months of my purchase this battery completely failed . It would not hold a charge for an hour . I was not able to take pictures for two weeks because I was on a raft trip down the Colorado River through the Grand Canyon . I checked the return policy . For electronics you get 30 days . Compared to the third-party battery I bought earlier -LRB- and much cheaper -RRB- this battery is not even close . Needless to say I will NEVER buy electronics from Amazon again .
 WASNT EVEN A BATTERY ! I GOT AN SD CARD ! DO N'T BUY AND WASTE YOUR MONEY ! IT SUCKS AND IS NOT WORTH IT , NOT EVEN A BATTERY ! DONT NO GET IT !
 This is not an actual review of the NB-4L battery , more of a warning for potential buyers . The genuine Canon NB-4L , as many should know , performs very well and does n't necessarily warrant a review . But like many buyers here , I too received a counterfeit Canon battery . I received mine in the white/red Canon package , looks very genuine . But once opened , I could see that the battery itself was scratched and looks used . Compared it to my other original NB-4L batteries and it completely looks different . I can clearly see that the plastic housing was made of some cheap plastic unlike the original Canon ones . The connector pins were not in the same spot and were bigger to accommodate that fact . And the printing on it was a bit blurry and faded . I took it to my local BatteriesPlus store to get a second opinion , one look and the guy was convinced it was n't a genuine Canon battery . So please be aware that these fake batteries are floating around here in the Amazon Marketplace !
 I am NOT an Amazon competitor . DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SELLER ! I 'm beginning to believe the following statement in quotations from Electro Bargains is just a cover up to make themselves look innocent - here 's their statement : `` Beware this feedback is left by a competitive seller on amazon to win competition by ruining our feedback . '' The truth is , I ordered a battery from them that did not work -LRB- Battery did not look like my camera 's original Canon battery . Print was much lighter . Connection holes on sides were smaller than original battery and did not make contact with Camera - is this a Canon imitation ? -RRB- , I was instructed to send it back and was promised a refund . I never did get a refund and they never answered my emails after they promised me the refund . Safer to buy your battery at a Radio Shack where you can be treated better and return/exchange your battery if it does not work .
 I was seeking a genuine CANON NB-4L battery for digital camera . Item for sale was advertised as `` Canon NB-4L Battery Pack for the SD40 , SD630 , SD600 , SD750 , SD1000 & TX1 Digital Cameras '' Product received was different brand
 Thank you Game Expo for selling me this bootleg knock off battery . This battery had half the life of a REAL canon nb-4l battery . I leave soon for a vacation and I wont even be able to get a new battery in time online . What a waste !
 I spent more money on this CANON battery because I thought it had a better quality than other brands which are compatible with my canon camera . But this battery can ONLY work for taking at most 10 pictures or 5 min video . SO there must be quality problem in the product . Moreover the appearance of this so called Canon Battery is very different with that of my original one including the words on the back side -LRB- of course the side with CANON is similar -RRB- . I will return it and never touch the product from this supplier .
 After mounting it into a charger in 10 minutes , the status LED on the charger changes to green . The charger means that the battery is charged fully . I have to let keep charging to get the real full charge . Sometimes , the camera also warns low battery and shuts down automatically . I must turn it on again and can use normally.THE BATTERIES COME FROM AMAZON IS SO CRAZY . -LRB- I bought two batteries from amazon -RRB-
 I am unable to review this product , as I never received it , and when I requested it to be resent , was only told I would receive a refund .
 I 've been waiting for a month and my poduct still has not been received . Where is it ?
 Battery casing popped open after 10 months of light -LRB- mostly weekend night , followed by charging -RRB- use . That 's not a good sign for a lithium ion battery , but I 'd rather stick with the Canon brand than go with some generic that might actually explode instead of just popping . The popped battery still works perfectly , I just do n't feel safe using it .
 I double checked if it is exactly same as the original battery that came with my camera before purchasing . It is exactly the same so i bought it , for the price was less than half as listed on Canon website . This should have been my clue , for the battery does not work the same . It takes a long time between shots which I do n't experience with the original battery . WATCH OUT , YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR ! This must not be made by Canon .
 I bought this more expensive version of this battery because the description says it comes in retail packaging . I thought that was the best way to guarantee getting a new and authentic battery . I also bought it from Amazon because I thought I could trust them to deliver a product that matched the description . The battery I received was definitely not in retail packaging . It came wrapped in only a beat up flimsy plastic bag that was taped shut . I do n't know if this battery is new , used , or counterfeit.Either do n't but this , buy the cheaper version , or do n't buy this item from Amazon . I complained to Amazon customer service , but they just asked me to provide feedback to their shipping department , so they could improve in the future . I 've pasted a copy of Amazon 's product description disclaimer below as a reminder that Amazon does n't stand behind the product descriptions on its website.PRODUCT DESCRIPTIONSAmazon attempts to be as accurate as possible . However , Amazon does not warrant that product descriptions or other content of this site is accurate , complete , reliable , current , or error-free . If a product offered by Amazon itself is not as described , your sole remedy is to return it in unused condition .
 The battery does not workAs soon as I charged it it still gave me no power when I put it into the camera . Money was spent in vainI was wondering how to write to the owners and complain about it to get my money back or at least another battery that works .
 initially these headphones worked pretty good . the sound was good and they fit well . the problem was they stopped working after a month . they were also missing the carrying pouch .
 The green color is very cute . The plastic carrying case is convenient . They do n't fall off , and they clean up nicely.I 'm afraid that 's all the nice things I can say.While they do n't fall off , they do n't stay in place either . They slip away from my ear canals , with the obvious terrible effect on the sound . Everything else I 'll say is assuming that they are in the proper position!These are the least sensitive ` phones I 've ever used . In all too many situations I have to turn my iPod all the way up , which yields an ear-shattering volume with all the other ` phones I 've used.The sound -LRB- as others have noted -RRB- is almost completely lacking in bass . Perhaps the midrange-heavy balance is meant to keep speech intelligible over the noise of exercise -- that actually works out pretty well . They are adequate for spoken-word podcasts when you 're exercising , but there 's no point in using them for music under any circumstances.Koss KSC75 's cost half as much , look twice as silly , sound at least 10 times better , and stay where you put them .
 Save your money and buy the Philips SHS3200/37 . Price range $ 10 - $ 15 depending on where you go . They stay in the ear better and in my opinion have just as good if not better sound quality .
 These are the worst fiting clip-ons I have ever owned . As you know if the phones do n't fit then the sound will be horrible . The clip on part is made of a soft flexible material . So it is comfortable . But because it is so flexible the phones do not get pressed into your ear , the phones themselves are very far from my ear . This result in low volume -LRB- at full blast even -RRB- and zero bass . Sure if I held the phones and continue to press them into my ear they sound decent , but whats the point in that ?
 Purchased these expecting them to last longer than the 3-4 months that my sony 's lasted . Usually use them for working out , but also for when I sleep . These wore out in less than two months - the wires coverings split in several places . I guess I 'll go back to my $ 10 pair from Sony .
 These headphones initially worked great
 Let me start out by saying I am a fan of Sennheiser products . I love the HD-280 's and several of their microphones are great . This particular product is crap . Yeah , they sound good , but they WILL NOT STAY IN YOUR EARS . I 'm halfway through mowing my lawn , and came inside specifically to write this review ... they are that bad . It 's like someone designed them to jump out . Look elsewhere . Yikes .
 I have smallish ears and ear canals and ca n't use these things . I 'd had a set of MX-75 for 1.5 years which were a decent fit , good sound quality and good for workouts as sweat did n't seal them as all other buds I 'd tried did . The 75 's were retired when the wires had broken right outside the plug , the self-tangling cords were an irritant , too much twist , too sticky ! but they had survived ~ 500 uses . So I 'd assumed that these would have the same size transducer cage and roughly the same fit , but apparently not . the OMX-70s have a larger metal cage and wo n't go into my ear properly even with the ear clip 's rotation , extension and springiness . Phooey !
 I guess these were designed for a certain type of ear . I 've worn all sorts of buds and sport headphones and wanted to try Sennheiser because of their reputation for quality . Well , I just ca n't get these to fit well.I 've tried all the `` fit kit '' pieces and nothing makes them fit well . They 're very comfortable , but they fit so poorly I have to turn the volume way up on my player and even then the sound is just fair -LRB- and by player 's battery drains faster -RRB- . The `` manual '' is a joke . There are a couple diagrams and no useful information . They could have saved a few trees and not bothered with it.I 'm back to using my seven dollar Sony headphones for the gym . Sigh .
 Il a un tr&egrave;s bon mais les morceaux de plastiques ne tiennent pas sur les &eacute;couteurs .
 Hate it . The sound quality would probably be great if the earbud would stay in my ear . When I am jogging my left earpiece demand constant attention . I am now just starting my jog with the left earpiece inside my shirt .
 I have been on an endless search for headphones that I can use while running that provide good sound quality and are comfortable . I have had little luck , so at this point I am now just trying to find something that does n't hurt!I was very excited to get this particular headphone ! I thought for sure it would be my answer . Boy , was I ever wrong !! Just to give you an idea of what poor design they are ... I am back to using the buds that came with my Ipod.The sound quality on this set is poor unless you really push the headphone deep down into the ear . The part that wraps around the ear is painful .
 I thought the sound quality was good ... however the ear buds are to big for your ears and fall out as soon as you move or sweat .
 These are just the worst head phones I 've ever purchased . They do not stay in your ears when you go for a run , nor do they stay in when you wear them sitting at your computer . I bought these off of Amazon when they were $ 35.00 dollars , and its no wonder they 've come down so much in price ... they 're just a terrible product .
 I have used Shure , Sony , Ultimate Ears , etc. over the years and these are properly one of the worst fitting ear buds I have ever used . No matter how I tried , I just ca n't get them to fit right , let alone use them for when I work out . I am a big Sennheiser fan but this was a big disappointment .
 Within an hour of removing this set of earphones from it 's packaging , i found the sound went out in the left earphone unless it 's adjustable clip was placed in very particular way . I should 've returned the item at that point . I did n't , and over the next 45 days the right earphone followed suit . Also , the rubber rings around thephones fell off and were lost.These may be common problems with earphones , but at $ 40.00 this is a terrible value . My $ 7.00 Sony earphones sounf as good and have not shown to be as fragile .
 and the cord started shorting out on me for no good reason .
 Hi guys . Hope this will help to solve this situation.I never received my order SPORT HEADPHONES.I 'll wait another week after that I 'm gon na contact my bank to put hold on payment.Please contact me and let me know whats the status of this order.Thank you .
 I try to use these for running , but not good . The design prevents me from running the cord down my back and staying put on the ear . It only stays in place when the cord is hanging down my front . The sound is poor . These are not as good as the apple ipod headphones these replaced .
 The arms that go around the back of your ears are too soft/flimsy to hold them in position , and the earbuds are a little too large to fit into your ears -LRB- my ears are average -RRB- so they do not stay in place.It 's annoying to have to reposition your headphones during athletic activity .
 Sport Headphones and Earbuds for me are a challenge . I had several pairs of Sony earbuds but they 'd last just past the 90 day warranty and completely die . -LRB- DO N'T EVEN THINK ABOUT THE SONYS -RRB- So I opted to go with the Sennheisers . At first I was happy.The fit is very difficult and something I still have n't gotten used to . The sound quality is good but unless you get the perfect fit the bass is lacking . I run so I need something that provides great sound and stays put . These do n't do that.The bigger and major concern is the durability and quality . I had my first set for around 90 days when they literally started to fall apart . The wires became exposed and the left ear casing came apart . A head phone for sport use should be more durable . I know running is hard but not on your ears!Sennheiser was great and sent me a brand new replacement pair . At almost 100 days the new pair has had the wiring start to come through the rubber casing . I follow the manuafactures maintainence and religously store them in their case . I 'm not sure what else I could do to make them last longer . So , I 'm going to go to Sennheiser again and see what happens . I ca n't say these would be a headphone I 'd recommend for sports use . Is there a good quality , great sounding sports earphone ?!
 I guess the title says it , but it 's impossible when you buy online.Anyway , I got these headphones 6 months ago for working out , mainly cause they are waterproof . I really like the behind the ear design . But these do n't fit at all . Not sure if my ears are too big or too small , but the only time they work is if I 'm sitting perfectly still . You can forget about working out and running is out of the question . Even when they do n't fall out , they fill like they are.The sounds quality is OK , but the bass is really lacking.I 'm sticking with the Philips SHS3200 . They usually stop working every 4 - 6 months , but they only cost $ 10 .
 After hearing good things about the sound quality , I broke down and bought a pair of these . I usually run with similar Sony headphones available at one-third the price . Sound quality was marginally better with these , but I was severely disappointed to find that within thirty days of moderate use , the outer insulation cracked and separated at every contact point
 Sennheiser product quality is well known and respected . Therefore , I can not understand why within eight months of use -LRB- workouts on bicycle , Ellipticals , Treadmills -RRB- I continue to have failure problems . First one side goes out and then the other . I think there is a problem with the copper wire connections . Has anyone else had this problem ? I do have to say that the Service Center does quickly replace the product if under the two year warranty
 After reading a number of reviews some from other sites I believed these were a nice set up . Well not true , not only do they NOT fit in your ears but try working out and lying down , they fall out of your ears completely . For the cost the cheapies that came with my mp3 player are far superior to these .
 Sorry , but these headphones are junk . They have about as much base as a worn out pellet gun . They 're comfy and stay on well while running , but you would honestly get better sound from a pair of speakers plugged into your ipod and strapped to your waist . Thin , tinny sound , just awful .
 The wires wore in numerous locations in less than 2 months . The gage is too small to hold up to active use . I would strongly suggest looking at an alternative.The sound quality is good which is typical of Sennheiser , but they have to improve the materials to justify the purchase .
 I thought that the over-the-ear design would be the way to go for a pair of gym earphones , but I 've found that it 's more of a hindrance than a help . The ear buds always come out of my ears - sure , the over-the-ear arm keeps them sitting ON my ear but without the buds being right into your ear canal , you get no bass . This results in a very washed out , tinny sound.If you hold them in your ear -LRB- or if you 're not moving -RRB- , then they sound great - but unfortunately , my experience -LRB- over about six months -RRB- is that they just do n't fit properly . The over-the-ear arm puts the ear buds at the wrong angle , which makes them pop out . I suspect the twist-to-fit MX75 ear buds - Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones - would be a better purchase.I would not buy these again .
 I tried these out for the sole purpose of running - terrible fit . I spent half my time running trying to get them to fit securely and comfortably in my ear . The feel like they 're constantly going to fall out of place . The sound was okay ... until today when the left earpiece completely stopped working , after all of 2 months of use . They are going in the trash today !
 I just bought a pair of these and took them out for a run and I could n't get them to stay on comfortably . I have pretty small ears and have trouble with the over-the-ear style but I thought because these were adjustable they would work . Not the case . Sound quality would have been ok if the speakers would have stayed in my ears . The buds were also hard and not comfortable .
 Wiring became exposed within first 2 months ... to bad because the sound quality was pretty good.I would n't but these again because of the poor quality .
 Long time runner here , these were terrible . The fit was mediocre even with the so called features . Not even close to good sounding compared to a 5 $ head phone . Stay simple , skip these .
 Product would sound fine , if it would stay in or anywhere close to the ear canal . But it really does n't . The ` adjustable ' ear pieces really are n't that adjustable , only in moving the positioning up or down about 1/4 of an inch . There is not much flexibility in these things and they do n't feel that great in the ears . I bought them for running and the stay on the ear , but again , no where even near to being in the ear and enjoying what you 're listening to . Another thing , if you wear glasses , these are NOT for you . Do not buy these as they will not work at all around your ears and the frames of your glasses . Even with my glasses off , they were n't really that good . I bought the v-moda 's and have been super happy with them !
 Had these earphones for a little over 1 year . Sounded fine and held up under exercise usage . Wire covering has now split exposing the wire in 5 different parts of the wire and is now unusable . I did not cause the damage . Might not have bought them if I knew this could occur .
 poor fit poor sound outrageous color sums up an overpriced headset not as good as a $ 9 cvs headset dont buy it !
 I had these headphones for a couple of years before I finally gave up on them , or I suppose they gave up on me . The sound is noticeably better than the standard iPod headphones , but the iPod volume had to get turned up . The looks are a bit odd at first but pretty soon you do n't care . I found they fit well but after extended use their shape would hurt my hear . They 're slightly adjustable vertically for different ear shapes . In general , the shape suits its purpose
 These are possibly the most disappointing headphones i 've ever had -LRB- and i 've bought a lot of headphones -RRB- . I was really excited when i saw sennheiser has a sport headphone -LRB- and green is my favorite color ! -RRB- , since i 've generally been impressed with sennheiser in the past . These things did not live up to the reputation for a few reasons :1 -RRB- they sound OK , at best , in a quiet room , without moving anywhere , but when you 're in a noisy gym or running outside , or even just walking around -LRB- going to class -RRB- , they sound way too tinny , and do n't deliver any of the deeper music notes .2 -RRB- they dont handle sweat AT ALL . when you exercise , the screen covering on these headphones stops delivering middle notes of sound with even a little bit of perspiration , then you have to turn the volume up , so they sound even more tinny , to the point of really rattling your eardrums . I 've found myself give up and listen to nothing while on the treadmill numerous times with these earbuds3 -RRB- the cord design is TERRIBLE . no matter what i do , it always retains a circle shape , so it flaps up and down everywhere when you try to run on the treadmill4 -RRB- the adjustable sliding thing is not good for people with smaller ears . you end up having to choose between the earbud falling off every few minutes while you 're running , or it pinching your ear -LRB- which gets to be painful after 30 minutes of running -RRB- Overall , these things are a huge disappointment ... i 'd recommend something else
 Definitely a mistake picking these up . Audio quality is good for the price , but the earbuds WILL NOT stay in my ears . I have determined that this has to do with the fact that I have a pronounced Tragus . If you 're perplexed right now search for it on wikipedia . It 's the flap of cartilage that hangs over the opening of your ear . If yours is large it will prevent the earbuds from properly fitting in your ear canal and I suggest you find a different pair of headphones .
 We owned the DCS-760 in our pro photo lab . The camera was great . Then , kodak came out with the DCS-14n as a replacement . It was a huge mistake . The DCS-14n 's sensor is simply of lower quality , shadows sometimes come out magenta . There is also a flare issue . Grey gradients , depending on the density come out green or yellow . And there are other issues as well , but you get the point . In conclusion , the DCS-760 was a far better camera.Kodak recommends the use of a good lens with the DCS-14n to eliminate flare . We used the same lens to test both cameras , and the tests were performed under the same conditions . The results were very clear to us
 I ignored the other guy 's review about it getting stuck and bought it anyway . It immediately got stuck in my brand new Canon XH A1 . It was lodged so tightly that you could n't even get a tool around the sides of it . I finally got it out by tilting the camera all the way back on the tripod so that the battery door opened to the floor . I then took a vacuum cleaner hose and taped it around the battery to make it airtight , turned it on , and sucked the battery out of the camera . It was crazy . PLEASE spend more and get a battery that fits . Google this battery and you 'll see it is a problem .
 Stay away from this Battery . It got stuck inside the Canon A1 camera . It 's too big for the camera . I tested it when I got the camera and it got stuck . Barely got it out .
 I received the charger and the light indicator was broken where you can not tell if its charging if plugged in . Useless
 I wish there was a zero-star option but I had to give this a 1-star rating . I ca n't review this product ordered almost six weeks ago because I have not received it ! It was not the box with my other item and I have had no response to my inquiries as to it 's whereabouts . I have not received the credit I asked for either . Very disappointing .
 I bought a third party charger on ebay for 2.50 , it works just as well as my canon charger did before I lost it and is approximately the same size and weight . Canon does not have a monopoly on this product so they should n't charge monopolistic prices .
 The batter charger for my Cannon camera battery was ordered from ANS Digital just before Xmas . The item came about 4 days after xmas . As soon as the item came , I tried it out . It would not charge the battery . I went out and got a new battery charger . The battery charged on the new charger.Knowing that the item shipped was defective , I immediately asked the ANS for a RMA # to return the item and get a refund . Thanks to great customer service , everything else went smoothly . I got the refund within a week . The item was a dud but customer service saved the day . Therefore , I would probably not hesitate to purchase again .
 Product works fine - it charges the canon battery NB-4L . However , amazon took over two weeks to ship this product which was listed as `` in stock '' . Do n't buy if you need this anytime soon .
 We lost the recharger to our camera . It is still lost . We ordered one through Amazon.com which came quickly enough for us to use the camera on vacation !
 I have still not gotten the product and the UPS shipment tracking says it is in Phoenix . How do I get some help to deliver it again ???
 I got sent the actual battery instead of the charger , even though i ordered the charger . I dont need the battery so did i just spend my money for nothing ?
 I was charged for this product and provided a tracking number that says it was delivered but I never received it . The company that shipped the product said they would `` Open an investigation '' and let me know within 7 days what they found out . It has been almost a month and I have heard nothing . I will never order from them again .
 This is actually a replacement for the original which mysteriously stopped working after 3 months of minimal usage . Way too complicated to go through the Canon warranty process being that I bought the Ixus 70 in France and am now in Australia for 6 months . This one works , so far so good .
 I tried to order this item in January . It is now March and despite the fact that the item says `` usually ships in 24 hours '' it still has not shipped . If you need this battery charger I suggest buying it elsewhere . I 've been in touch with Amazon Custom Service to no avail . I 'll post again if anything changes .
 I lost my battery charger to my canon camera . Amazon had the lowest price , yet I still think they rip you off . I ca n't use my camera without it .
 I ordered this battery 2 weeks ago , until now it did not arrive . Please contact me back asap.Thanks
 It 's small size and easy to take with you to charge the battery . However , I did n't realize it already came with the camera package , so lost money for s/h to return it .
 I thought I had ordered the original charger that came with my camera , but it turns out this one has a power cord plug-in , not the flip-out AC plug . That would be fine , except they did n't include the cord with my order !!! So all I received is the little blue box with a strange cord adapter hole and that 's it . Not very useful . Turns out my printer AC power cord works ... at least , so far . I would have had to return it had I not had this cord . It is going to be bulky to use the cord plus the charger , but oh well . Not satisfied .
 This camera battery charger was defective . Very disappointing , since I needed it for a trip I had planned.Now I have to deal with the hassle of returning it / paying shipping & handling in order , hopefuly , get my money back ... sooon.I ended up going to Best Buy to buy a new one .
 You had the wrong battery charger in the correct packaging . Your packaging says Canon CB-2LV , but your battery charger is the Canon CB-2LZ . NOT IMPRESSED . I will order directly from Canon and never use these guys again . If there were an option for zero stars I would have chosen that one .
 The batteries do n't quite fit in it ... they are loose and one has to set them inside `` just so , '' in order to get them to charge . I 'll bet the bread & butter money that these replacement chargers were Made in China , and Canon put their name on it . Why else would they be a slightly larger shape ? Do n't these manufacturers actually check their product ? Not worth the $ $ . I 'd buy it at Best Buy instead .
 Canon CB-2LV Battery Charger for the Canon NB-4L Li-Ion BatteryI purchased this item to take for my trip to California to see my son get married . And when I put battery to charge and when I left to go to church for wedding to take the pictures the battery was dead . The prongs in the charger do not stay out and if the do only one might show . I accidentially threw away info on charger and when I returned from California on the 12th on November I did not have any information on the seller . I had remembered that I purchased thru amazon and I was going to email you today when I received your email . I am very disappointed that I could not take pictures of my sons wedding with my camera . The battery also does not fit tightly into charger as my last one did.Just very disappointed in this product .
 The hard thing about buying anything online and used is that you can not see the product before you buy it . And the pictures can be misleading . We bought this charger , but it quite frankly does not work . We ended up going to another store to buy another one . It was all a frustrating process .
 I needed the battery charger for my CANON S95 so I typed in the search box `` canon s95 charger '' and this one came up . Whatever they sent me was the wrong one . Now I have to return it -LRB- which I do n't know if I got approval for returning the item or not -RRB- .
 $ 40 for something that cost $ 3 to produce ? Just another way companies make money by selling a product cheap and then charing ridiculous prices for all the accessories . Marketing at its best .
 The product is perfect . The company which I purchased the battery charger from is far from perfect . I paid extra for expedited shipping and it still took more than 3 weeks to receive the item .
 I purchased through Savings 365 -LRB- aka ANS DIGITAL CORP -RRB- , but fulfilled by Amazon . This is a cheap clone , for the following reasons : * No security screw -LRB- just two standard Phillips screws -RRB- * Loose battery pocketing * Wimpy battery contacts -LRB- thin wire -RRB- * Cheap molding * Packed in a plain white box with a sticky label for IDYou pay for what you get . I would not leave it unattended while charging . If I had n't found my OEM charger I would have checked the voltages during a charge , but at this point it is not worth the effort .
 I bought this as a replacement as I had lost ours on a vacation to England.Pros : I must say it did arrive very quickly.It did `` work '' technically.The packaging was minimal which I like.Cons : It arrived smelling a little funky - like burning plasticIt had marks -LRB- scuffs -RRB- on the main face in 3 areasWhen I plugged it in and left it for 30 mins -LRB- kept an eye on it due to funky smell -RRB- I took it out and the smell had become a burning one . Immediately unplugged and packaged to return tomorrow.I am all about reviewing the actual product and only ever give 1 star for service -LRB- unless it 's absolutely atrocious -RRB- , but in this case I can not really review a faulty item and it lost two stars for trying to pass off a very obviously second-hand , faulty piece of equipment.When I get my replacement , if satisfactory , I will adjust my rating and review at that time .
 opened up the box and plugged it in and it made a loud crackling sound constantly , then after a minute it stopped never charged the battery . Sent it back ! If I 'm going to pay for this charger , battery and shipping for 50 dollars , I may as well buy a new camera . Which is what I 'm going to do and get everthing in one box new and up to date !
 Product was said to be new and was not , also battery does not securely stay in charger . With that being said it works and price was good that 's about all .
 The charger that was sent is broken . I need to get instruction to send it back
 I got the defective item . The charger did n't chagre the battery , the light was n't on . Have to return and order a new one .
 The product I received was in a cheap paper packaging it comes with nothing else just that carger . I questioned it because the way sent it out and the way it was when I received it . Was n't happy with that would suggest you buy it from someone else
 Charger did not work at all . It would n't charge my battery so I thought maybe the battery was just dead but when I tried to charger it on my friend 's charger it worked . Waste of money . Do n't get it .
 I bought this charger thinking it would work for sure because it looks exactly like the one I displaced . IT DOES N'T WORK AT ALL . My camera battery wo n't charge at all and the little red light insists on coming on but never turning green . Even after 24 hours of charging.I 'm very disappointed with this seller.Canon CB-2LV Battery Charger for the Canon NB-4L Li-Ion Battery
 Product was non-functional when delivered . Sounded like something was loose inside . It was n't worth it to me to RMA the item , so I opened it up and saw one of the wires was broken where it was soldered . I re-soldered the wire to the circuit board myself , but would not expect to receive a product this way .
 Be wary of purchasing this from Alfatronix . The one I received had a slightly different model number -LRB- 2B-2LVE -RRB- and was an obvious fake . It even came with a second-hand dusty power cord . The charger had scratches on it and its construction was very crude . Definitely , not like anything you would expect to come from Canon . The counterfeit job would probably go unnoticed to someone with poor eyesight , but to me it was obviously crude with its poor molding , gaps between the plastic , and cheap prongs -LRB- the ones the power cord connects to -RRB- . I did n't even try using it because I 'm certain it would have either damaged the battery or started a fire.So why 2 stars ? A counterfeit item should receive ZERO stars but ... I called Amazon and , right away , the customer service rep issued a refund and apologized for the inconvenience . Amazon is amazing in that regard . That 's why I 'll always be a loyal customer !
 Small interior for the devices it is meant to protect . You insert SD600 CANON inside , the mode switch always comes out at a mode different . The slide key is changed by friction . The interior is also hard , not soft for such devices .
 This case is a tight fit on my sd600 . I put a PDA screen protector over the LCD screen of the sd600 , and the case was so tight that it eventually peeled off the edge of the screen protector after the third use . I eventually solved the problem by leaving the handle of a fat screwdriver in the case overnight . The next day the case was stretched out enough so that there was some leeway between the case and the camera . Now it works fine . The case NOT soft leather . It is somewhat sturdy and firm -- good protection against soft knocks .
 This one is hard leather with sharp corners and does not feel comfortable in my pocket .
 I purchased a black PSC-90 case and my experience was EXACTLY the same as Gabriel 's . Just so it does not get disconnected , here is gabriel 's review below the **************** line.I heard -LRB- and yes , this is heresay -RRB- , that Canon licenses their brand to different manufacturers . It is possible that the manufacturer making the black case got the wrong specs than the people who make the Red case . I do n't think the fact that Gabriel and I getting cases withthe same dimensions is a one-off . I have returned my case and am looking for a more form fitting case since this one IS NOT form fitting . The outside dimensions of the case is almost 1.5 '' thick !!! Like Gabriel said , that 's almost twice the thickness of the camera . BTW - If that does n't matter to you , the rest of the case is very nice . ********************************** I ordered the PSC-90 because I wanted the best fit for the SD300 which I bought to have a slim camera that felt comfortable in my pocket . The case I received is almost 50 % larger than it should be to fit the SD300.Dimensions : SD300 cameraExterior
 Looks good , but barely fits the described cameras with no room for xtra memory cards . I had hoped to use w/Cannon SD700-Not a chance !
 I ordered the PSC-90 because I wanted the best fit for the SD300 which I bought to have a slim camera that felt comfortable in my pocket . The case I received is almost 50 % larger than it should be to fit the SD300.Dimensions : SD300 cameraExterior
 This case has no place for your extra battery . That is the biggest reason to bother with a case . To make things worse , you are expected to feed your camera 's strap through a hole in the case flap each time you place it into the case .
 The advantage of buying a great small photo camera is spoiled by the size of this case . I did n't like the leather also .
 I was expecting to get a case similar to the one I got for my SD110 which was quite nice . This case is cheap cheap cheap - Made in China crap . The leather is one step above plastic . The snap to close it scratches the camera . This is not worth it . I am so disappointed . It spoilt the enjoyment of getting my new SD300 .
 I guess in the porduct detail it does n't specifically say it fits the SD550 , but I thought they were all the same size , guess not ???
 despite the item description , this case does not fit the canon sd410 . you can jam the camera into the case , but it will not close .
 I bought this item instead of a competitors less expensive model due to the reports I read concerning the matching of the coloring . Also , the manufacturer claims that their wiring is superior and stays connected . I had the power lead pull out during the initial install , another came loose 6 months later and the rear window defroster still is n't wired since three of the four wires were off in the packaging when received . I emailed the manufacturer who said they had no diagram and were unable to assist me in getting them on the correct pins . I would have been better off paying less for the competition and taking a chance on the coloring and texture matching .
 NO instructions mile long wires I put a deck in my 2008 ford fusion in 2 seconds . . This looks messed the messed up .
 I received my AVR147 in late August . I took about a week to get the components all set up . Then I tried to run the microphone auto setup , called EzEq . It did not work . Long story short
 I 've had this receiver for about 2 months now . It has been a disappointment . I would rather have my old Yamaha receiver . Here are some of the reasons :1 -RRB- The unit emits a big scratching sound when you pause a DVD and then restart .2 -RRB- The remote control ca n't turn on and off my Sharp TV . Also , the remote gets into weird modes where nothing works . I have to turn off the receiver and turn it back on .3 -RRB- The surround-sound setup proceedure with the supplied microphone did not work when the microphone was where my head would be . I had to put the micrphone where my feet would be . Even then , the proceedure was very simplistic compared to the Yamaha tune-up proceedure.The unit sounds about the same as other receivers I have used . Others just work better .
 I 'm still having problems using their EZ Set/EQ speaker set up . For something that is supposed to be easy , it is n't . My surround sound still does n't seem right . If I had to do it over again , I would have kept my old Sony .
 Based on some other reviews that claimed space was somewhat limited in the bag , I expected it to be relatively compact -- which is exactly what I was looking for . Unfortunately , when it arrived I discovered this bag is huge -- even though it says it fits up to a 15.4 '' laptop , I was able to fit my roommate 's 17.5 '' laptop inside the padded pouch easily with room to spare . I thought it might be a mistake , but the tag attached to it says the same thing , `` fits up to 15.4 inches . '' Materials do seem to be very high quality though , unfortunately I was n't looking for a small suitcase .
 Dont By this product if you want to use it with SLR it is not replace the wide angle lens . . I use it with 18-70mm nikon with filter 67mm to 72mm step up but its show round picture frame instead of normal ... its give wide picture good with zooming but wrong reading focus . . just you can take it if you have semi slr camera or normal digital camera its will be god for it ...
 The fact that this is $ 50 is absurd . It should cost $ 30 at the very most .
 I was looking for a battery charger that plugged into the camera rather than having to take the battery out everytime for a charge . In thinking that , I ordered this adapter and found that it would not work when it was n't plugged in . Well only after calling Canon did I discover that this was not intended as a battery charger but an optional power source . Why would you want to restrict your walking range to 6 feet while taking pictures at the family bbq ? Amazon was nice enough to accept the return of this item and give me a full refund , -LRB- 5 stars to Amazon for that -RRB- .
 if you are shoting kid at the swiming pool , it 's ok . but , if you are the open water diver , please do n't buy it . i try it yesterday , it will not work after 10m/33ft , it will show the red screen and count down timer , it scare me . and i miss a lot of shot for yesterday 's dive . it 's really disappointed to me .
 I just purchased this item for my upcoming trip to Maui . Amazon claims that it will work for the Canon SD450 . To be honest , yes it can BUT it 's not ideal . The buttons are located to line up with the Canon SD300 , a vastly different camera than the SD450 . You can put the SD450 in the case , turn it on , zoom with it , and take the pictures , but if you want to use ANY of the other features -LRB- like turning the flash on and off - which is important underwater -RRB- you ca n't use them because they are n't lined up properly for the SD450 . Do NOT buy this case for that camera . Buy the AW-DC50 instead . Do n't make my mistake because I 'm going to Maui in less than a week and I have to pay out the nose to make sure the correct case gets here in time .
 After using the AW-DC30 for less than ONE WEEK the'O ' ring gasket which makes the waterproof seal had stretched and WAS NOT LONGER USABLE . The case comes with only one ` O ' ring and replacements are NOT READILY AVAILABLE which means your $ 100 + case can now be thrown in the garbage ! Incredibly bad design by Canon .
 this much money for a shell that wo n't even take your camera to the deep end of a pool is crazy . Very frustrating , since all the other Canon shells go to more than 100 ft. , which is more than enough for anyone with a basic open-water license .
 The SD300 looks like a great little camera . I was thinking about upgrading/replacing my S300 -LRB- 3yr old 2 Megapixel -RRB- with waterproof case -LRB- 100ft -RRB- , but since ca n't even get to 10ft it would be pretty useless for SCUBA diving .
 I bought this camera for E-Bay listings , and I am greatly disappointed . If you have to take a picture of anything closer than three feet away , forget about it . For close-ups , the manual -LRB- and HP -RRB- recommends using the zoom feature and cropping with the included photo program . Trouble is , the zoom looses so much detail , the close-up is a waste . I have an old I/O 420 that blows this camera away , and it 's ancient technology now . Regular outdoor pictures are ok , but why bother if that 's the only thing you can use it for ? I 'm also in the process of finding out why Amazon.com only refunded 1/2 of the purchase price when I returned the thing after two weeks for a refund . My recommendation is to spend an extra $ 30 to by the Olympus D-390 at chiefvalue.com It 's a vastly superior camera in every respect , for just a little more money .
 Camera link to computer will not work on Dell computers due to problems with Dell 's USB port - port lacks adequate power and you can not down load pictures from this camera to a Dell computer - see HP online help for further details .
 Too many cons , so few pros :1 -RRB- Very slow `` bootup `` 2 -RRB- You can not take photos from a moving car . It complains that that image has to stabilize . -LRB- I want to take a picture when Iam ready , not when the camera thinks Iam ready -RRB- 3 -RRB- No lens cover4 -RRB- Very bad at handling low-light conditions5 -RRB- Lastly , and most importantly , HP is now charging for their drivers . ... I think this is outrageous . I can only hope other companies dont follow this example.Trust me , you can find a better product for the same price .
 Too many cons , so few pros :1 -RRB- Very slow `` bootup `` 2 -RRB- You can not take photos from a moving car . It complains that that image has to stabilize ... 3 -RRB- No lens cover4 -RRB- Very bad at handling low-light conditions5 -RRB- Lastly , and most importantly , HP is now charging for their drivers . The only company which charges $ for the driver , in case you lose the CD which comes with the camera !! I think this is outrageous . I can only hope other companies dont follow this example ...
 On the surface , you 'd think this would be a great camera . 2.1 MP , takes SD cards and has a great price when compared to other 2.x MP cameras . The problem is it takes fairly poor quality pictures and handles low light senarios poorly . Ontop of that -LRB- a minor irritant -RRB- it is impossible to attach the strap . I tried for about and hour and then gave up.Previously I had borrowed a Sony . DSC-P51 from a friend to test and was quite happy with it . Stay away from this one . It 's dud .
 Buy this camera and you 'll be sorry.HP is in the wrong business making cameras . they should stay focused on printers , their forte .
 the camera works OK . The wrist strap is impossible to put on . I need it since many users need this on the go and it would save the camera from dropping.The wrist strap was so frustrating , that we wanted to throw it out the window.There is also no case.Can ' t really recommend it since it gave us so much initial frustrations .
 You ca n't download pictures from this camera if you have a Dell Computer . Dell USB port is not suitable for this camera and link from camera to computer does not work . There are also problems with Windows XP and the HP software . LCD screen is very small and images are blurred . Camera also uses a lot of batteries - I intend to return this camera and buy a Sony . HP was no help - tech support is terrible !!! They could n't care less .
 If you need blurred pictures , and very slugish response from a camera ... this camera is perfect for you!you 'll need lots of batteries too the LCD eats all your power up quick .
 I own a 2005 Toyota RAV4 and 2007 Sienna . The issue I have in these two cars is a high pitched line noise -LRB- which increases with higher engine RPMs -RRB- when plugging any MP3 or other sound device -LRB- GPS -RRB- into the AUX port and charging the device at the same time . Based on another review I was hoping this high quality and high priced cable would fix the issue , I am sad to say it did not .
 I have gone through 3 sets of these now ... . They serve their purpose until they rip apart at the silver metal section/from the black cord section . I have taken great care of them , but eventually , they always separate . I will not be purchasing another set , and suggest you look elsewhere .
 I bought this years ago and used it once or maybe twice . I had to keep twisting the jack so the sound would come in clearly . I do n't know if it did n't fit into my radio or they gave me faulty one . Then I bought a $ 2 cable from a local radio store and that worked perfectly . My suggestion is save your money and get the cheaper one . It does the same thing !
 !!!!!!!!!! The worst mount i have ever used !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! the mount will not stay in placespend the money for a good mount
 If you 're on a budget and are building a business machine this mobo is probably okay , but it 's pretty crappy by today 's standards . In short , look elsewhere , it 's an old card.I have one in my Visionman system which I bought nearly 4 years ago . It 's got a year or two left at most before it sees the recycling machine . Everything else in my rig is okay , the mobo is the only serious weak link , and I mean serious .
 This telephone is a piece of garbage that I will have to eat and weep , because , it started having the most horrible static imaginable , and would n't you know , it happpened as soon as the 90-day warranty expired . It is useless to me now and it is not worth the package it came in or even worth accepting if it were a free gift . Thanks a lot for robbing me of my time and money and creating a big headache for me with this crappy , piece of s *** telephone .
 This is a fine unit and does everything advertised EXCEPT : I have lost the a/v cable and can not find a replacement . Apex customer service is a joke , so that avenue is out.It 's a 2.5 mm to RCA A/V connection -LRB- the three rca male connections ; red , white & yellow -RRB- and I use this for displaying photos & video through a projector ... which worked great until I lost the cable!Now I use the iPod.I still have this thing and would like to have it as a backup but my inability to locate the proper cable has me shaking my head and looking at the unit on my desk as it keeps papers from blowing off as I sigh.If any of you millions reading these reviews know where I could find the a/v cable for this , I will paypal you $ 10 . I 'm totally serious .
 For the guy that seemed to think people unhappy with this product have ` mental problems ' , here 's my review of the product and not some cut & pasted review from some guy that was probably paid to give it a favorable review . Below is not a `` false statement '' - I actually had this product and tested it.Music playback - you ca n't make playlists and can only play from a folder you put on it . Not only that , but a lot of the songs I put on it sounded bad - they would speed up and slow down during playback , which I found really annoying.I condensed a couple movies to put on it to see how they would act , and those seemed okay - not the problems I had with the music playback . However , the picture itself is rather grainy , -LRB- including the built in menu items -RRB- and not nearly as sharp and clear as I 've seen on other handheld mini media players.As for the FM tuner ... could n't get a station to come in at all.AV input - it would n't record for the time I specified , -LRB- 150 minutes -RRB- cutting out at around 45 minutes . What it did record looked okay , but what good is only half a movie , or losing the end of a TV show ? I would n't depend on it to record a show I did n't want to miss.AV output - the audio output worked great , but there was no video , so again I wonder what good that is.The unit itself seemed pretty sturdy , and it 's a nice size for holding in your hand or even putting in a pocket.I think if I only paid $ 100 for it , I might forgive some of its problems , but at over $ 400 , I 'm returning it.I read a ton of reviews on competing PMPs before deciding on this one , and after this experience ... I think I 'll wait for awhile before I decide to buy another one .
 Apex Digital products often fail within the first year . They have horrible customer service , false advertising , and fail to honor their warranties . Please check www.labbb.gov -LRB- Better Business Bureau -RRB- and search for Apex Digital to see the F rating the better business bureau has given them . Saving 10-15 dollars is not worth the hassle they cause .
 Nowadays manufacturers of dvd players in general seem to care less and less about quality , and this unit is certainly the summit of such phenomenon.Right out of the box , the unit feels too light , make you feel it is fragile and flimsy . Every touch on the unit -LRB- like pressing any button on the player -RRB- would almost surely make it move . You can feel the unit shake when it plays the dvd.The quality of the video output certainly is not the best even if you use s-video output . I had a Panasonic dvd player and side-by-side comparison would immediately make you see the difference.The unit does not play Windows Media format , which is also quite a nuance.The fastforward speed is 5x at maximum . Other players like my Panasonic has 100x . And the worst of all , it broke after only half year of service . Video output seems to shift horizontally somewhat , and color is totally incorrect . It finally becomes a useless piece of ... I am finally relieved though . I do n't even bother to have it repaired since I do n't think it is worth the effort and money.Please stay away from this player , or maybe the whole JVC family of players if you can . Find a better built one !
 The JVC XVN322S was a major disappointment for me . I have always been a JVC fan especially their recievers and music items . The player when working is good but it freezes and breaks up way to much on the Video . The sound I run through a Sony decorder and it is fine . I must clean the laser and DVD before and after every use and even then it is good for 4 or 5 freezes a disc . The jpeg is noting to write home about . All in all I would not recommend the player . I am very disappointed in an otherwise great company .
 I actually won this DVD player at a raffle event and it 's a good thing I did n't pay for it . Cosmetically its great , its skinny , has cool blue illuminating lights and the remote is well laid out.The functionality is horrible . The buttons functions seem delayed . Often times it wo n't open or turn off without a 10-second wait . I 've had trouble playing VCD 's and burnt DVD 's that have worked in far cheaper players . Also skips on dvds that work perfect in my computer dvd player .
 After all of the great reviews , I was VERY disappointed with this book . And frustrated . I found the ending ruined the story . There were a lot of really good passages in this book , however . But in the end the story is rendered pointless . For me the book was a pointless journey , and in the end it was completely meaningless . It made me angry that I got hooked on the story so quickly , only to find absolutely no meaning and no redeeming qualities in the end . A total waste of time . Too bad . It could have been fantastic . Even 3 years later , the waste of my time spent reading this book is the only thing memorable about it .
 I enjoyed the imagery and the insights into the circus . I did n't enjoy the dozen or so loose ends and the 10 pages used at the end to explain the previous 370 . Nor did i enjoy the cliched ` up to interpretation ' ending . The book reminds me of a talented first time directors mistake of forgetting the story as a whole . I was led down a twisting and arduous pathway and I arrived ... nowhere .
 This book has been described as an `` action novel , '' as `` ethereal '' and `` esoteric '' and `` suspenseful . '' I argue that it is none of those things . In fact , I would argue that this book is nothing more than a meandering , clumsy tale that appears to have been made up as the author went along.The set-up is great , and as far as novel concepts go , a good one
 I purchased this monitor w/TV tuner and it was a very bad decision . The TV does not recieve digital signals . I had to purchase a digital to analog converter -LRB- $ 30.00 -RRB- The speakers are tiny and I can not hear it in the boat cabin . I had to purchase a set of wireless headphones -LRB- $ 25.00 -RRB- I tried to get a refund with no results -LRB- Paypal -RRB- . The monitor looks good on the boat bulkhead but that is all that was good .
 I bought a refurbished Pyle monitor because the price was right . Usually , when you buy refurbished goods , the manufacturer makes an attempt to , at least , clean the product and repair it . What I received was a monitor with two video input connectors pushed into the bottom of the monitor case , there was tape , left over from the prior owner , on the screen and the label tape for the function buttons is falling off.It looks as if Pyle just re-addressed the monitor and sent it out as refurbished . Pretty shabby.I will never by anything from Pyle again and will make sure that others know to avoid Pyle products too .
 THis camera -LSB- does n't work well -RSB- , Is was never made leave the top of your desk , The pics were low quality and resolution -LSB- was poor -RSB- . I am glad i bought it at -LSB- a retail store -RSB- so i could return it no questions asked .
 Got my daughter one of these for Christmas 2005 . Paid around $ 32 at a local drugstore . Worked fine the first time I turned it on . Took pictures , a 30sec video -LRB- NO SOUND ! -RRB- . Was thinking I got a bargain!PROBLEMS START
 I bought this camera awhile ago but just got around to trying it out . I was able to install the software and use the camera , but when I tried to connect the camera to my computer , no matter what I did , I could not get my computer to recognize the hardware . The device manager software will not recognize that the camera is even plugged in . I went to Aiptek 's website and it turns out that this is a compatibility problem with Windows XP -LRB- even though the camera is advertised as being compatible with XP -RRB- , but I have yet to find a solution to the problem that works for me . I ignored XP 's warnings about installing drivers that Microsoft have not verified , just as the Aiptek site suggests , but that only crashes my computer . Aiptek 's customer support staff has yet to respond to my email about this issue . I have read two other reviews that reference this problem
 I bought this product a year ago , and it really is good while taking still photographs and it worked quite well with online chat with windows 98 . But lately i have downloaded the windows xp o/s ignoring the warns , And when I connected this product again to my computer , the computer fails to recognize the product . I am sending this review to give me solution and not just to print it to your customers review column . This product is quite impressive but after this problem I have degraded it .
 I love this little camera , to a point . You can take pictures , videotape ect . . `` As long as you have the EXTRA STORAGE '' , I can record voices -LRB- not like a tape recorder but good enough -RRB- but I can only download my pictures and such I can not use any of the programs with it , my computer is VERY NEW and it will not except the camera -LRB- I have another one INTEL `` I use it as a web cam , that shows up on my computer but I can not get the Pocket DV 3100 to load -RRB- Web cam ??? Forget that ; Do n't bother with writing the company via E-MAIL , they wo n't respond ! We have been trying for weeks now and still we are waiting to hear back ! We have three different cameras by them and none work as a web cam ! Good luck if you purchase this product .
 bought this last night but would not work with my home edition windows XP . `` Software not digitally signed by windows '' message kept popping up promting to stop installation . So , although i ignored the message the camera never worked .
 I bought this mainly for the video aspect . I wanted to take the video and burn it onto a vcd and play it on a 20 inch tv . This camera performs very poorly . If it were 30 bucks , maybe it would be worth it , but it is n't . Every time you play video , you can see the pixels . Also the colors are VERY bad . They all have a redish tint . Also i decided to check out the photo qualities and realized that they are also very poor . If you move it slightly , the image becomes blurry and grainy . This really is n't even good for anything . Nowadays for this price of 60 dollars , you can get 1 megapixel cameras . Which perform MUCH beter than this camera . It 's going back to the store .
 This was an awesome WiFi card with Windows XP . There is no way to use with Windows 7 . Shame on Cisco/Linksys ! Any other reputable big name company would have made the effort to support their customers . No driver means no support .
 Would not suggest this laptop , oblivious to the tech specs the laptop has no support for any non-xp OS . Sony plays the role of a Compaq-like scum bag and makes the drivers . exe-install only with the . ini 's associated compressed and encrypted . For 2000USD + I wo n't play that game . This laptop gets the worst rating because it forces you to use the worse modern day OS -LRB- XP-series . -RRB- Sony needs to halt their continuing progression towards complete and utter crap . The new 04 ' laptops , do n't even come with recovery CDs , that 's right they cut that as well , making the laptop 15cents more profitable for Sony . Instead now because all 04 's come with CD burners installed , they require you to make your own Sony-proprietary recovery CDs -LRB- 9 of them -RRB- with CDs you have to buy !!! -LRB- I ca n't think of anything I would rather do right after I finish charging my dead new-from-factory battery then burning CDs for 90minutes -RRB- Other complaints are the crappy hinges connecting the lcd to base , and the crappy archaic and obsolete speaker system -LRB- Sony makes better sounding headphones from 5ft away . -RRB- This is a real pitiful purchase ; excluding Trinitron monitors , headphones , and smart-shoot cameras I feel Sony 's future is extremely bleak , there other products fail to compete in price , they fail to offer even minimal product support , and they just barley run par to the competition 's specs . -LRB- 03 's entry model has wireless lan , 04 's does n't - the only manufacture that has n't made wlan a barebones requirement -RRB- The real kick in the ass is the gizmos no one will ever use on the laptop . Like a phone modem , the memory gate port , or even a smart card slot on an all inclusive 2000USD laptop ... All that waste and all I want to do is run Windows2k OR Linux.As one more side note Intel 's flagship chipset - Centrino , fails to support Linux natively as well . The only free solution is using ndiswrapper around the Centrino xp drivers . Hooray for two companies which I 'm quickly loosing respect for .
 NOTE
 This computer is awesome when it comes to power , mobility , and exterior design . At 4.7 lbs. , it is very light . Of all the centrinos out there , this is definitely the most eye catching . The only problem is that it can destroy the eyes as well . The native resolution for this computer is 1400x1050 which is great if you are a graphic designer . However , for those of us that use a computer to surf the web or type up documents , the resolution is unreasonable since text and graphics are almost 50 % smaller compared to other 14.1 '' screens out there . Sony should have kept the native resolution at 1024x768 like most other computer manufacturers ... this would prevent one from having to squint at the screen . One can manually change the screen 's resolution to 1024x768 but since it 's not native , details get blurred and text becomes fuzzy . I will return mine and wait till Sony releases a lower resolution version for real world users ... I really wish I could keep it , but squinting at the screen can get tiresome .
 I 'm not quite sure . I 've bought one in China -LRB- Why ? cause I live there -RRB- . Different model which is called PCG-Z1VCP with WinXP Professional Edition . According to the detail specification and pictures out there , I 'm quite sure it is exactly like this PCG-Z1VA in which the ` A ' refer to America as I supposed . And the price is 17,888 yuan RMB , quite like this one too.So the problem here is that I found the screen colar is frustrating . No matter how I adjust it , the black is never black , the red is never stunning . Espesially , I found it almost impossible to watch DVD movie on it , cause the black is always grey and the contrast is poor no matter how I adjusted the Overlay , when it come to dack scenes , it just big pieces of black which I mean gray . Yes , you can tell who is who.Honestly , this 's my first notebook computer . So maybe it 's always like this for all the notebook LCD out there which you ca n't compare with Desktop monitor but I do , or it 's just for this type which is not very probable consider it 's a `` Sony Style '' product . And the most frustrating possibility that most worrys me is that this type of PCG-Z1VCP -LRB- made in Chine -RRB- which I bought is not really like the PCG-Z1VA series which sony made for USA . The same specification and appearance is just a hype and sony made some cut down in qualities which you ca n't find out through specification -LRB- whenever did a notebook produce , besides screen size and Resolution , list a detail specification about it 's LCD screen like Brightness , Contrast ratio , Color and frequency . Sony by cut down qualities make profits in China while still built up their brand in USA . That 's very tricky , but it happened before .17.888 yuan for a monthly income about 3,000 yuan -LRB- that 's about 350 dollar -RRB- is not a little amount . I really want to figure out if my money is paid worthfully . As I 've not see any piece of review concerned the screen problem I have . I 've be very appreciate if someone who bought this produce can tell me about it . It will be very relief to know the turth .
 We purchased two SIIG PCIExpress serial cards ; one double-port , one single-port . Just like every other multiport PCI or PCIE device we have tried , we experienced difficulty with the dual port model . We returned it . Thus far the single-port SIIG PCIExpress card has worked well .
 Product was great - at first . Then it died - spewing smoke and all ! But things happen . So I contacted Audiobahn - and that is when it all started . They will not honor their own warranty unless you buy from one of their `` authorized resellers ' . This was buried in the product 's manual and not even mentioned on the warranty card that I filled out and returned when this was first purchased . Many emails over a month long period provided no solution . The responses that I received from the `` customer service manager '' demonstrated that they had no concern for my business . I will go so far as to say that they were curt & rude in their responses . At no time could they come up with a reason for not standing behind their product . I refuse to do business with a manufacturer that has such little concern for their customers . Look elsewhere for a quality product that has a reputable manufacturer standing behind their products !
 I just got this earphones and I 've realized that it was the greatest waste of time and money of my life . I can not use them on my phone and not even on my laptop . The cord is TOO SHORT . They have to be used ONLY on arm bands . I tried to cut the neckstrap off the cord and it damaged it . I am throwing it away . I do n't even know how it sounds . It was just ridiculous .
 I did not do my homework . This cable most certainly does not work with the Touch or iPhone . The only cable that works with these devices is the expensive AV cable from the Apple store.As for the quality / construction of the retractable cable - it is very flimsy and cheaply made . The cables are thin and the spring loaded retraction is tempermental.Save your money and get the real deal unless you have an older generation ipod device and you are just using this for occasional travel applications .
 This thing does n't work with the latest ipod classic -LRB- 6th generation -RRB- . It does not transmit any video signal to my TV -LRB- and it 's not my TV . I do know how to set up my TV -RRB- .
 Very poor quality item for this price , also did n't work with iTouch , Ipod Classic or Nano 3g . Do n't waste your money
 It does n't work ! Even on an iPod Nano 3rd Generation . Do n't buy it no matter what !
 did n't work with my ipod . maybe i bought the wrong one - but the whole description was confusing as hell . its NOT composite even though it talks about composite , and it did n't work on my color screen ipod nano .
 it dos not work with a i pod.becase i buyed this and it did not work with my i pod i tryed my dads i pod and it did not work.so DO N'T BUY IT !
 this does not work with my brand new 80gig ipod . only the sounds comes through . ITS NOT A DEAL WITH KNOWING HOW TO MAKE IT WORK . its about apple wanting more money , you MUST buy an apple product to connect video to you tv . i have bought many different cables just like this one and only the sounds comes through on all of them .
 Did n't work with my IPOD nano generation 1 . The generations have something to do with compatibility .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA WARNING !!!!!!! The front door that is used to turn the power on to take pictures breaks too easily -- Olympus customer service will do nothing to help . If you look on the web multiple people say they have the same problem which equals a design flaw and they will not help . The $ 300 plus I paid is in the garbage and Olympus wants $ $ $ $ to fix it and will do nothing to keep a customer . As far as I am concerned I am running the camera over with my car and NEVER BUYING AN OLYPUS AGAIN .
 I own an olympus e-20 , an amazing camera . I bought this one as the accessory to the larger brother and for my wife.well it 's a piece of junk.outdoor pictures were great ! indoor lower than reg . lighting pictures were awful ! if I was n't within 5 feet of the subject , then the picture came out far too dim !!! could n't even fix on my ibook.it 's going back within a day or so , when I have time.sorry , will try the new nikons for point and shoot and see how those rate .
 I paid $ 125 for this camera . It was malfunctioning when I recieved it . The zoom lens would not open , thereby rendering the camera useless . I returned the camera to buyjfgoods@aol.com . That was 17 days ago and have not received a refund . So now buyjfgoods has my money and the camera . Be extremely leary with purchasing anything from this company . It is so unfortunate because I had an Olympus Stylus 400 for years and it was a very good point and shoot . Unfortunately Olympus no longer sells this model . I have many accessories from my first camera and was hoping to find a replacemnt . This experience , unlike any of my previous purchases from Amazon was extremely disappointing ! I will never again buy from BUYJFGOODS and would discourage anyone else from doing so . VERY DISAPPOINTED ! Glenn Smith
 Being a fan of Olympus I had high expectations for this camera . So I was just astounded by how horrible this camera was . I owned a 3.2 megapixel Olympus C-3020 , which broke , and I decided to replace it with this sleeker , smaller , and sportier model with a slightly higher megapixel count . Big mistake.The pictures out of this camera were blurred , colors were completely washed out , and the flash did n't reach that far indoors . Outdoor pictures were slightly better , but colors still appeared dulled and had no vibrancy . This was especially shocking , since I have taken extraordinary photos with my C-3020 , which has a lower megapixel count than the Stylus . My father has the SRL Olympus E-20 N which is also an remarkable camera . I assumed that all Olympus products were created equal . Alas , they are not.Because of its compact size , I kept opening the camera 's battery compartment door while handling it , and the camera actually felt too small and cramped in my hands.After less than a week , I packed it up and returned it , deciding I 'd rather spend the money to have my beloved C-3020 repaired.Since then , I 've had the opportunity to try out the C-5000 , which is an updated , sleeker version of my C-3020 . It 's as good as the C-3020 and boasts 5 megapixels . If you 're looking to buy a good Olympus camera , stick with the C-series and stay away from the Stylus !
 The Stylus 400 is attractive because of it 's 4 megapixel resolution , the weather resistant case , and it 's small size . All very attractive if you enjoy the outdoors and want your camera with you.However , be aware that the low light sensitivity means that you will often be using slow shutter speeds and will need a tripod or other support . You also might expect that a camera with this price and pixel resolution would have some more advanced features . However , this is a point and shoot camera only.Compare to the Canon S50 at a similar price .
 This camera takes good pictues in well-lit , close-up situations -- a good point & shoot camera.I have a major complaint with Olympus ' failure to honor the 1-year warranty on this product . A plastic component of the USB port broke , rendering the USB port useless . Olympus refused to honor the warranty for this repair , despite repeated requests from both me and the camera shop where I purchased the camera.Also , the `` metal body '' description of this camera does not apply to the media door -- it is plastic , and prone to breakage.I own about 15 cameras . This was my first Olympus , and based on their failure to honor the warranty , it will be my last .
 Nice design and good looking . -LRB- Although not yet stylish as Canon Elph 's . -RRB- Good battery life but the extra battery costs a lot . You ca n't put in AA batteries in this one.Average image quality indoors . Good outdoors . Slow to focus and has annoying shutter lag . No manual features and many photos need to be tweaked in photoshop . Video mode is junk.Uses propreitary xD cards ... Back to the camera , its a good attempt by Olympus but still way behind Canon , Sony , Pentax , Nikon and Minolta ...
 This may be OK for taking snapshots of your friends or kids around a birthday cake , but it does not perform well in most situations .1 -RRB- The cameras sensor is not very sensitive to light , so photographing indoors out of the flash 's range is impossible -LRB- blurry images -RRB- .2 -RRB- The video mode has no sound AND does not allow you to zoom in at all . Even if you zoom-in all the way , as soon as you put the camera in video mode it zooms back out .3 -RRB- Even if you are unconcerned with shutter speeds , apertures , and ISO levels , you should still look for a camera that has a way to have a bit of control over these things . For instance , many consumer cameras have a `` sports '' mode for fast moving subjects . This mode sets the shutter speed to be fast , and therefore eliminates motion blur . THIS CAMERA made blurry pictures of Moneen onstage at the Warped Tour even though they were in full sunlight . With a setting like the one described above , I could have had some great visual memories of the show .
 the small peg on the media doorca n't handle the `` press to open `` action & -LRB- on my camera -RRB- broke aftermaybe a dozen presses .
 I am seriously disappointed with the durability of this product . For a product whose primary feature is it 's water resistance , you 'd expect more outdoor ruggedness . The clasp failed after a couple months light use and now water can freely enter the media ports.Also dissapointed with the . mov video format . Would have preferred the choice to record . mpg or . avi . -LRB- anything that doesnt use a proprietary codec -RRB-
 After purchasing this camera I found out how poorly it shoots indoors or close-ups . When not using the flash , all images are blurry , even when mounted on a stable surface . For those photographers that do rely on manual controls this camera is not right for you . I 'm still upset that I spent this much money on a camera that ca n't take decent pictures .
 The design of the camera , the metal case , size , weather-proofing are excellent . It 's still my favorite . However the quality of pictures both indoors and outside are horrible . The camera over compensates for dark or light situations . A beautiful day with a nice blue sky is captured by either making the sky very white , or the subject -LRB- trees , house , etc -RRB- very dark . The camera is being returned because of the poor quality . It 's a real bummer because I like everything else about the camera.Updated 10/21/03 -- Purchased the Canon Powershot S400 to replace . What a great camera !!!! The Canon takes excellent pictures right out of the box . About the same size , but no weatherproofing . Much better camera for the money !!
 I recently bought one of these - It was to be my third digital camera from Olympus.it seemed a perfect fit for me , since my last camera died from me getting it wet.To start with the positive : The form factor is great , and it really feels solid.But the negative list is a bit longer : The controls are VERY basic , with only some static modes -- moreover it does n't have a hardware switch for modes like the d-40 or 740uz . You have to use the LCD interface to do it.But the real problem with this camera was the indoor photo quality.I actually returned this camera , as I was VERY disappointed with the quality of the indoor pictures.Even self timer shots from a tripod were blurry!I got the 740UZ instead . it is WAY bigger , but at least it takes decent pictures.If you are going to buy this camera , make sure you buy it from amazon or another place with a good returns policy !
 I bought this dvd player 2 years ago to replace a cheaper model . This dvd player will play most anything on a disc . Now after 2 years of normal use it started to act extremely tempermental . Frequently it will say reading when a disc is loaded , and wont play without the disc being reloaded several times . Disc have gotten stuck inside this machine several times and it has scratched the discs . I would not recomend this player unless you only plan to use it for about a year .
 This DVD replaced an older unit that was starting to have problems . It 's an inexpensive unit that has the basic features , but not much more . For just playing movies it 's okay , but somewhat disappointing . It is advertised as having a 10 disc memory , but that feature does n't work reliabily -LRB- or at all most of the time -RRB- . When you eject a disc and put it back in , the player forgets where it was in the movie . It also has a hard time reading discs when they are first inserted , and often requires several door opens & closes to properly identify a clean , new disc . It has even more trouble with slightly scratched discs , and it ca n't read some movies at all that played fine in my older player . The features are a little odd , and not intuitive . For example , when you are paused , and then hit the forward button several times , it steps forward slower with each press -LRB- instead of faster which is the normal method used by most other players -RRB- . It does have a nice look and a cool lighted tray , but overall the features and performance are disappointing , and it 's akward to use .
 This product does not fit into a 1995 Mazda Miata . Fortunately , I only really wanted it to fill in the huge space below the radio , so I only used a small piece of the product , and I ended up damaging the piece I did use since the tabs are so thick . It is easy to break the brackets since the tabs are real thick and hard to work with . You also need to grind off the edges since they leave jagged edges .
 I purchased this for my 92 Miata so I could have the lower din pocket . At first I thought the brackets had to attach to the faceplate that covers the center console b/c the aftermarket radio was installed that way , so while I was struggling to figure out how to attach this thing , I saw that the mounting screw holes in the dash opening lined up with the ` B ' retainer clips on the kit assembly.Well , that was just the beginning of my troubles . After assembling the entire bracket with the radio , I found that it would not fit in the dash opening . There is zero clearance on the sides , and the dash opening on the bottom is rounded , where the assembly is squared off . First , I had to do some dental work to square off the edges of the opening -LRB- plastic -RRB- . It was still too wide at the bottom , so I cut the bottom horizontal strut of the assembly -LRB- hidden -RRB- and removed 1/8 '' of material so the two pieces could compress together when installed . That worked , until I went to slide in the assembly . The countersunk screws attaching the side plates of the assembly stuck out just enough so it would n't slide in all the way . I marked out where the screw heads hit the dash opening and did some more dental work with a file . Finally success was achieved , but not without some frustration and yelling in my hot steamy garage ! Look elsewhere for a solution or get ready to do some serious modifications to your car and this POS.All this being said , I did use a Metra product to install an aftermarket radio in my 2004 GMC Sierra , and had no problems at all .
 I bought and owned this camera for 3 days had to send it back defective ! Battery problems I took 14 pictures and the NiMh were dead so the camera said ! Recharged the battries installed them turned on camera it started but then died the green indicator lamp came on flashing LED battery icon reads full but camera will not turn on , installed new fresh NiMh batterys same problem called Minolta twice they said send it in to be repaired , no it will go back to Ritz camera for a full refund hopefully ? The pictures I took were not impressive , beware this camrera sucks-up batterys , Minolta sends u 5 batterys knowing it uses up batterys ! I think there is a issue with batterys on this camera but Minolta will not admit it ? I have 2 other dig camera Sony & Minolta I will buy another Sony 5 meg pix camera if I get my refund back ? Beware of this camera , battery issue , I know all dig camera use up batterys but not like this one , good luck !
 I 've spent 5-6 hours trying to get my computer to recognize the camera but it wo n't . I have Windows XP Home Edition 5.1 and when the software installs , it ca n't find the driver which Minolta supplied for the original operating system , or the one that appears on the CD . I should clarify to say that the software does n't recognize their own drivers , as they are on the CD and my hard drive for me to recognize . Tech support for Emachines , Microsoft and Minolta have each been thoroughly useless and passed me along . I 'm ready to return the camera !
 I would love to be able to recommend this item . However , I never received this item . The seller , sent the wrong unit and then said I 'd have to pay for new shipping and re stock fee . Leaving me $ 14 . out of the nearly $ 50 -LRB- incl . expedite ship -RRB- . After my last 3 purchases from Amazon , I would recommend that no one buy any auto or electronics from Amazon.com . Instead , go to a reputable company that will offer some customer support . Amazon sides with their sellers . They can have their Amazon Card back as well . Amazon sucks . This product ? Who knows ? I never got this product , instead , I got the shaft .
 Product was great - at first . Then it died - spewing smoke and all ! But things happen . So I contacted Audiobahn - and that is when it all started . They will not honor their own warranty unless you buy from one of their `` authorized resellers ' . This was buried in the product 's manual and not even mentioned on the warranty card that I filled out and returned when this was first purchased . Many emails over a month long period provided no solution . The responses that I received from the `` customer service manager '' demonstrated that they had no concern for my business . I will go so far as to say that they were curt & rude in their responses . At no time could they come up with a reason for not standing behind their product . I refuse to do business with a manufacturer that has such little concern for their customers . Look elsewhere for a quality product that has a reputable manufacturer standing behind their products !
 Pictures were never as great as expected . Finally , after 2.5 yearsit died due to the `` sliding cover failure '' syndrom .
 Great little camera ... for a year . We bought this for our kids to use , but ended up using it ourselves . We liked the compact size , that it was all-weather and it took decent pictures . We stopped using our better , larger camera ... until we started experiencing the dreaded slider issue . Just after the warranty ended the camera started turning off at random -- we discovered that any little bump or nudge to the slide cover will shut the camera off . And it 's nearly impossible to hold the camera without touching the slider . We were quoted a price of $ 89 . + tax + shipping for an authorized Olympus repair , but we 'll probably opt to purchase a new camera without the slide cover .
 Loved the camera ... until it broke ! This was my first digital camera purchase and I bought Olympus because I 've had good experiences with the brand previously . The camera takes good pictures , is lightweight , looks good and I enjoyed it for about 18 months when the slider broke . I am not hard on equipment so believed this to be a manufacturers defect and called Olympus who stated they will fix it ... for $ 150 . Great ... I 'll get it fixed and then have it break again 18 months later ? Not a real good deal . What I 've got now is an expensive paperweight . I 'll put my money where it 'll do the most good ... in another camera and probably not an Olympus ! It does n't matter how good something is if it does n't work . Anyone want a real pretty paperweight ?
 I bought this camera in Thailand for a friend of mine who lives there , deliberately paying the higher price so that she would be protected by the in-country warranty.Well , the camera failed after two weeks , and it 's been with Olympus for two months , and they 're estimating yet another month for spare parts delivery , and refusing to provide a replacement despite her repeated complaints.Clearly , quality is a thing of the past with this company , and customer service is way down on the list of priorities . Steer clear of this camera ! It 's clearly poorly made , and a product Olympus is not willing to stand behind .
 Bought the camera to take in my kayak . Nice and small , put in a baggie , handle with wet hands , splashes , etc. . Great idea and size . I think the camera is very hard to hold still . Many photos are blurred all over , moving subjects are almost always blurred . I think it must have the shutter speed of an instamatic - about 1/30 of a second . I think the problem is with the shutter release . Getting the focus is easy - the extra push to take the image is hard . On a tripod using the timer , touched by no hands , the camera works perfectly . Otherwise it 's a challenge and a big disappointment .
 I bought this camera specifically because of it 's advertised `` Water Resistence '' . Recently , my camera was splashed , wiped dry and put into an encloseded bag . Condensation formed on the inside of the camera causing it to malfunction . I sent it to olympus who would not honor the warranty and charged me $ 186.00 to repair my camera which they advertise as all weather and water resistent . Beyond that their customer service manager , Vince was rude and sarcastic over the phone and made several degrading remarks during my call with him . I am elevating this up the Olympus management chain but I think people should know that this camera does not perform as advertised .
 I had a Sony P-7 from earlier this year . Bought this Olympus for my sister . She liked that it was smaller , had a solid feel and weather-resistant buttons . Also , the guy at BBuy said `` Olympus makes cameras . Sony makes camcorders . `` I did a side-by-side comparison , taking pictures of the exact same scenes , day and night , near and far . Sony is far superior . In low light situations , the Sony AF Illuminator shoots a red light towards the subject so the AF can lock onto it . Perfect pictures . Olympus , on the other hand , can not `` lock '' onto the subject , and you always end up with blurred subjects . Another bad result - since it can not determine how far the subject is from the camera , it floods everything with the flash . So aside from blurred , the subject is whited-out . In daylight , the Sony also was superior . Colors were deeper , and edges were clean . I took a picture of an orchid , and with the Olympus , the outline of the petal was jagged . I tried this with different resolution settings on both cameras , from 1Meg to 3.2 Meg , and Sony was still better.I ended up returning the Olympus to BB and ate the 15 % re-stocking fee . Bought the Sony P-8 instead .
 This is our first digital camera and , if the lighting is good , the pictures come out beautiful . Unfortunately with children , we do not always have the opportunity to adjust the lighting to get a great picture . When this happens , the pics ALWAYS turn out grainy or blurry -LRB- and the flaw is n't noticable on the LCD screen . Only after you download or print is when you see it -RRB- . It really is disappointing because we have taken many pictures that would have turned out great if not for this problem . My parents have a Canon Powershot -LRB- not positive on the model -RRB- and they never have this problem -- always beautiful pictures . I would definitely suggest that anyone in the market for a digital camera look at a different brand , or at least a more recent model .
 I am so mad I purchased this camera . The design is really bad . The slider is a pain , and from reading these reviews ... I am just on egg shells every time I slide it open to take a picture . It is not a very simple camera to use . Sometimes it takes good pics but usually you have to hold it perfectly still to get them perfect . I definatley prefer my mother-in-law 's PowerShot by Cannon . I wish I would have spent a bit more and purchased that model ! Hind sight is 20/20 ... Take my advice and tons of others ... Skip this one .
 I was actually quite happy with this camera for the first few months . It went everywhere with me , was compact and took what I thought were pretty good photos . However , the slider began to loosen up after nine or ten months , just before the 12 month warranty period expired . I checked around to get an estimate on ` tightening ' the piece and found that minimally it would cost at least $ 100 . As Olympus advertised a customer satisfaction trade in policy , I e-mailed them . I waited a few days for an answer , and e-mailed again . When I still did n't receive an answer , I phoned . I did this a number of times as I could n't seem to get around the voice mail system . When I finally did get through to a human , the folks there did n't seem to know who I should speak to . I was put through to voice mail again and left another message . I did this three more times , and of course , never got a call back , and my warranty expired.I finally did get through and explained my story . I was told that I could trade in the Olympus Stylus 300 , which had cost me just under $ 300 , however , the only trade in I would be allowed would be to a singular , more costly camera and that for another $ 350 , Olympus would `` trade '' up and I could have that model . When I said I thought that was ridiculous , I became subject to quite a tongue lashing , along with attitude from the Olympus rep. When I told him I was not pleased , and that any additional money I spent would go towards a different camera from a manufacturer other than Olympus , he became abusive.I am now shopping for replacement cameras , and have been to two stores , neither of which stock Olympus equipment . When I asked why , I was told that Olympus ' lack of customer service and failure to honor warranties were the reason.This is the first review I have ever written , and it 's fair to point out that I was quite happy with my little Stylus for the first nine months , however , owing to the manufacturer 's lack of concern , snarky reps and failure to honor printed guarantees , I can say that I will never again purchase anything Olympus.Buyer beware ...
 I gave my Nikon digital to my daughter when I purchased the Olympus because I wanted a camera that was more ` weatherproof ' . We spend quite a bit of time at the beach and involve ourselves in some watersports -LRB- kayaking -RRB- . I did not feel comfortable with having the Nikon even near anything wet . Upon examining the Olympus , I suspected that its ` weatherproofness ' was pretty weak . The hatch covers for the battery and usb port are quite flimsy and way too easy to open accidentally . Although the covers do have ` o ' ring type seals , it was obvious these will not hold back nominal splashing water . Also , the lens slide is very vulnerable to sand -- so taking the slide off and cleaning the slide grooves has become routine . Mechanically , the camera just seems cheap -- unlike the less expensive Nikon that feels solid.Using the camera is much more involved than the Nikon . I did n't appreciate Nikon 's menu setup/controls until I used the Olympus . It drove me nuts -- and still does.On the plus side , the pics seem fine . And unlike other reviewers , I find the battery life is pretty good . I do have a couple of back up batteries that are always charged , so no problem . The chip holds lots of pics.I have had many regular Olympus cameras in the past -LRB- all 35mm -RRB- and have always thought highly of Olympus quality . Olympus just did not meet the standards I expected when it came to this camera .
 My first digital camera was an Olympus c3000 . I was so impressed with the photo quality from that camera that I decided to stay with Olympus when I moved to a more compact camera . I loved my C3000 but I found I was leaving it at home because of its size.The Olympus name and the compact size of the Stylus 300 was what initially attracted me to it . The promise of being `` weatherproof '' sold me . I have to admit , although heavy , the size was perfect . Not too big . Not too small . I carried it everywhere . However , that 's where my love affair with the Stylus 300 ends . The autofocus was slow . Woefully slow . I found a majority of my photos were blurred . Yes , I know how to operate the autofocus . However , for most spontaneous shots , the autofocus lagged behind.I was willing to work around that because of its size and , again , the promise of being `` weatherproof . '' That promise was broken a couple of months ago . On our way to an outdoor concert , it began to rain . `` No problem ! '' I confidently told my companions , `` I 'll take my camera . It 's weatherproof . '' It 's not . Before leaving the car , I checked to make sure the port doors were closed properly and the camera looked as sealed as it should be . To be fair , the camera functioned for an hour or two just fine . I was able to snap a few pictures as the rains came down . But the next shot I attempted greeted me with flashing green lights . That 's when I noticed the water . The viewfinder was half full of water ! At this point , I shut the camera off and stowed it back in my rain gear.Back at home , I opened all the doors to the camera and placed it on the dresser for several days . I 'd hoped that the damage was limited to the viewfinder and that , once dry , the camera would be ok . No such luck . It has n't worked since . The camera is out of warranty or I 'd send it to Olympus.Initially , I was mildly disappointed with the picture quality from this camera . Now , I feel cheated . For a brief second , I looked at the Stylus Verve because of its size and its claim of being `` weatherproof . '' I soon came to my senses . Olympus let me down and wo n't get a second chance .
 I own this camera for about 2 years . The problem is the lens cover slider track.The metal track has just worn away just from opening and closing the lens cover.Now the lens cover will not stay on the camera causing the battery to die.This is a manufacturing defect
 I have had this camera for about a year and a half . The first six monthes I had it I loved it , its cute and takes really clear pictures , and is pretty easy to bring anywhere . After using it a few times a week for six monthes the slide cover stopped working , and I would have to try two or three times before it would open or close for me . I would recomend if you buy this camera to always carry it in a case , the images have started to become less and less clear , perhaps due to me not using one . I enjoyed the camera while it lasted , but I 'd recommend going with a different brand if you 're looking for a longlasting purchase . -LRB- but I guess for the price it 's being offered at now is more reasonable . -RRB-
 I 've had this camera since June 2003 and was so happy with my purchase ... until , last week during my precious vacation , the camera died -LRB- exactly in the same manner as described previously by someone else -RRB- and I have to throw it out of the window -LRB- or pay $ 150 for the repair -RRB- . I also did the blunder of recommending this camera to my friends -LRB- after 6 months of my purchase/use -RRB- ... now I 'm really regretting !!!! It was working perfectly until this happened , when both the green and orange lights started flashing simulatenously and the camera stopped responding . Replacing the battery -LRB- as per the manual -RRB- did not come to the rescue and I had to buy a `` use and throw '' camera for $ 10 that was far more reliable that this piece of junk !
 I bought it cause I like the remote control mostly , but I took it back cause indoors it takes lousy pictures , especially close up . I tried the Canon G2 Camera , although a lot more money , that 's the indoor image quality I expect for 400 bucks . I 'd say , if you like this camera , buy it , try it , then pawn it on ebay , but I 'd go for the Sony P72 , which I also have now . That 's quick and puts the nifty date on the pictures . Plus some sony tv 's now have memory stick slots .
 I own 3 digital cameras and this is by far the worst . Every photo i take with this camera is blurry . Photos i take with my Canon 1.3 megapixel camera are far superior . The sliding lens cover has also broken and requires me to fidget with the device to close the lens . While i love the lightweight aspect of this olympus , i think its a total waste . go for the new casio -LRB- with optical zoom -RRB- instead !
 After having my camera for less than 6 months and taking numerous blurred pictures , the camera finally stopped working all together because it would no longer turn on when opening the sliding lense protector . After sending it back to olympus who wanted 150 bucks to fix it , fat chance ! , i took it to a local camera guy who told me that this problem happens to this camera all of the time . And whats worse , olympus refuses to sell the part that is needed to fix it . Currently my camera guy is waiting for a junk olympus to come in -LRB- i 'm sure it wont take too long -RRB- and he will extract the needed part . Problem is , that it will probably have the same problem as my camera ! Until then , I wait and take no pictures . One thing is for sure though , I will NEVER EVER buy a product from Olympus , a company that treats its customers so badly and with such little respect .
 Believe the reviews that the slider will break after time . The camera worked ok for about 2 years , but now the slider wo n't activate the lens . Very poor design . The camera also is horrible at night or with low light . The battery life is realy bad . Will only last for about an hour . Now I 'm stuck with all the extra memory cards and batteries for an Olympus . Even so , I still wo n't purchase another Olympus !
 I am so disappointed in this camera . I loved the feel and ease of it . The battery life was great and all the pictures looked so good on the screen but when I downloaded them they were terrible . A few pictures were taken from a close distance in perfect lighting and they were great but any pictures that used the zoom or had lower lighting were extremenly grainy and poor . If I had gotten a cheap deal on this camera I would not be so dissappointed but I paid a little more thinking I was getting a better camera . Do n't waste your money
 The camera takes reasonably good pictures when it works , however the basic design and construction make it unreliable . Olympus markets the Stylus as a tough camera suitable for outdoors however the operating design is poor . Notably the battery compartment is where your thumb holds the camera , frequently opening the battery door and interrupting operation of the camera . The power ON/OFF switch is under the sliding cover . It is very sensitive and failed within 9 month . Olympus did a poor job with this design .
 I 'm a photo amatuer , so I purchased the Olympus Stylus 300 based on its reported ease of use ... and I have to say I was initially impressed by that and the quality of the pics . However , after about a month of use the camera would not power up after a recharge . It was completely dead , as I tested the unit with AC power . I exchanged for the exact same model , and the same dang thing happened with that one after about a month also . I returned the second one , and the technician at the store said that this was a common complaint ... there appears to be a bug in the Stylus software ... anyway , I exchanged it for the Canon Powershot S400 so goodbye Olympus
 Nice design and good looking . -LRB- Although not yet stylish as Canon Elph 's . -RRB- Good battery life but the extra battery costs a lot . You ca n't put in AA batteries in this one.Average image quality indoors . Good outdoors . Slow to focus and has annoying shutter lag . No manual features and many photos need to be tweaked in photoshop . Video mode is junk.Uses propreitary xD cards , just another way for Fuji/Oly to rip off consumers . What was wrong with standard SD or CF cards ? Imagine the chaos if every manufacturer used different memory cards.Back to the camera , its a good attempt by Olympus but still way behind Canon , Sony , Pentax , Nikon and Minolta . This camera has nothing special warrant this high price tag .
 I own another camera just like it . The seller sent me a damaged camera and has refused to refund the cost . I would never buy anything form her again .
 This camera has a great concept of a weather proof , compact go anywhere body BUT ... Beware that if you buy this , the software that comes with it to download your photos onto your computer will only let you edit and print those photos . In other words , you CAN NOT e-mail or even save them to disk without purchasing the upgrade to the software from Olympus.Also , the camera takes okay photos , but I noticed that 1 out of every 5 or 6 photos is blurred for no apparent reason . I am not a professional photographer , but this is my third Olympus digital camera and it is the most expensive and poorest performer overall . That 's not to say that it 's a bad camera , but I would have expected better for the price.Having said that , it does have some useful settings , and I love the compactness and portability of this camera . I 'm just very annoyed that they 're expecting everyone to pay for the upgrade to the software to make the photos taken with this camera share-able digitally .
 Fabulous camera for all 5 months that it worked . Now it turns on but the shutter button does not work . Olympus wants $ 125 . to look at it and probably replace it with a refurb .
 I love the security of knowing the camera is water resistant , and the battery life is so good I have hardly ever used the second battery I purchased.But ... it has a big flaw , one in common with other Olympus products . If you hand the camera to someone to take a picture ... 99 times out of 100 ... they will accidentially turn the camera off . The slide switch is annoying , overly sensitive , and very very fragile . If -LRB- or when -RRB- it breaks the repair charge is a minimum $ 125 . Flash pictures are another issue ... they always come out with wierd yellowish colors . Overall I 'm just barely satisfied with this model , and very unhappy when compared to my prior -LRB- stolen -RRB- Canon PowerShot .
 This is a great camera for day time use . It has taken horrible pictures in doors and at night . It takes beautiful pictures in the sun light though . Would n't recommend to a friend .
 I purchased this camera from Amazon in June 2003 , when it had just come on the market . I decided to buy this as my first digital camera because I had been impressed with the Olympus Stylus 80 film camera I have had for several years -LRB- and still do -RRB- . The stylus digital takes reasonable pictures compared with other digital cameras my friends own , and the battery life is excellent . I invested in the 256MB memory card and still have n't found out how many pictures you can cram on it at normal quality , but it 's a lot.I had complaints from the beginning however , about the space of time between my pressing the button and the actual taking of the shot . When you are trying to take pictures of children , the 1 or 11/2 second gap makes it nearly impossible to get the shot you were trying to get , and the good pictures I have gotten of my kids have been almost accidental . I was also disappointed to discover the limitations of the included software , which does not allow you to e-mail pictures unless you give Olympus another $ 20 for the privilege . Frankly , I thought this was a simple gouge , and I resented it.My worst disappointment however , came recently . The camera shut off because the battery was exhausted . However , when I put in the fresh battery I had -LRB- and later , the recharged battery I had been using -RRB- the camera appeared to have frozen up . The lens will not extend and the little orange and green lights next to the viewfinder flash simultaneously and the camera beeps , a signal which , according to the manual , means that the battery is dead . Well , it ` aint ! I can not get the camera to work and the warranty will not be honoured where I live . This is the only digital camera I have ever owned , and so I can not make a comparison with any others as to durability , but for cripe 's sake , I paid top dollar for this about eight months ago and have treated it with kid gloves . I expected better from Olympus .
 I bought this camera almost solely on it 's advertised weather resistance and durability ... It has underperformed based upon these criteria . I 've broken the camera and am pretty sure the warranty has expired -- and it 's only been about 3-months . Disappointing !
 I was given one of these cameras as a gift as a replacement for my beloved Sony 3MP camera . It started out well enough , this took some alright photos until I had it for a week . The camera would not focus correctly , if you zoomed in with it the picture would come out extraordinarily blurry . Some photos I took of friends had a strange hue over them and were blurry to say the least.Another problem I ran into was that the battery life in the camera wore down extraordinarily quickly . If you use this camera with flash the battery will wear out after about 10 photos.In addition when taking a picture the camera would pause for about 5 seconds , the screen would turn black , show the picture I just took for less than a second , turn black again for a few seconds and would then show what I was aiming at.Let 's just say I went back to using that old Sony camera I had ... I still ca n't belive how disappointed I was by a camera that was made by one of the best companies in the buisiness.This camera is not one for anyone who wants a reliable camera for everyday use . This is nothing more then a cheap attempt at making a halfway good digital camera . For about the same price you can pick up a Sony 3.2 MP Cybershot , which from personal experience is excellent , or for about $ 10 - $ 20 more a nice Canon 3.2 MP Powershot .
 From the day I took this player out of the box , I have struggled with it . It regularly freezes up when an item is selected from the menu . To un-freeze it , you must either open the tray or turn off the unit . It 's garbage . I expected more from JVC .
 Impossible to set up , sounds terrible . Get yourself a Squeezebox and a nice little pair of powered speakers .
 Spent too many hours trying to make this work . I was told after all that time that it may not be compatible with my Dell Lap top .
 Sony CPF-IX001 Wireless PC-Linked Audio SystemThis is the first time I 've returned an Amazon purchase . After updating the software and firmware I got the unit working and it did a good job of streaming music wirelessly . Unfortunately it does a great job of taking all the musicality out of the music . I 'm not expecting audiophile quality at this price point , only a pleasant musical experience via wireless streaming . I did some research and found that I can get that experience with the JBL Creature hooked up to an Android phone running Pandora , or an app called Homepipe that streams music from the desktop to the phone . I 've ordered a JBL Creature III and I 'm looking forward to putting it on the sun porch , hooking up my LG Ally to it , and enjoying some nice sounds .
 Beware ! Athena makes good speakers but the amps that come with their subwoofers are not entirely reliable . Mine recently lost over 90 % power while still under warranty . Because Athena was acquired by Klipsch , they are supposedly moving their service centers . I am preparing to escalate the issue with Athena , as their contractors have so far left me without a working sub . With all of the shipping costs and the hassle , and not being able to use a sub , i regret purchasing the Athena . I recommend the Bic H-100 as a quality , inexpensive alternative that seems to have good product support . If I do n't soon get my Athena fixed , i will be buying one myself . You can research more about Athena subs at avsforums .2 stars because if it works the sub is better than what you normally get for the price range -LRB- though the H-100 is much better -RRB-
 This is not an HP Proliant G3 tower to rack conversion kit as it was advertised . So it will not work .
 After 1 defective drive and 4 coasters , I would say this drive has by far been one of the biggest computer headaches I 've ever dealt with . It does n't burn at 8x even with the appropriate media . If you are planning on backing up home movies , I would strongly urge against this drive as the backups I have made freeze at the 12 minute mark . Back to the store !
 One question : How can the reviewer from Michigan say that he has had this drive for a yr . when 8x burners have not been out that long ?
 If you want this to backup your personal DVD 's it is a bad choice , I bought this thinking it would be a great burner but it stops burning 1/4 of the way through the burn , I tried using several differnt burning software programs , so I know it 's not the programs . I think im going with Sony this is going back to the store . I ended up with 5-6 `` coasters '' trying to get this thing to work before I gave up !
 IOMAGIC is not a listed supported DVD burner on the Pinnacle Systems -LRB- www.pinnaclesys.com -RRB- website -LRB- this drive comes with Pinnacle software -RRB- . No wonder , I have wasted 3 DVDs and precious hours trying to coax the software to create one successful DVD from this drive ! I have had the same problems are others in this forum - drive not recognized , burner software troubles etc. ... Please do not buy this drive if you value your time and money !!
 Bought it , and it could not burn a DVD_R or a DVD-RW disck . At my dime -LRB- no toll-free number to call -RRB- I had to sit through a long hold time , just to be told that the alloted time to wait had expired and to leave a message . Yep , they did n't return the call . So I emailed them . Nothing ! Back to calling/left message again , and in three days , they returned my call . I was told to pack it up and mail it back at my expense , though they agreed that it was defective . Did I mention all my new coasters ? : -0 Well , they sent a different model for some reason . And to their credit , they did send FedEx to pick it up , at no expense to me . Is the new drive any better ? Nope ! This one wo n't burn or erase now . Not even a DVD+R or a DVD+RW , nor any CD-R/RWs ! So back to the drawing board . Their home page is loading fine , but the rest of their site -LRB- including the page used to email them -RRB- will not . Not last night nor today . There phone system is giving me the same garbage , and I KNOW they 'll insist that I pay to return THEIR defective joke . Goody . Here I was trying to buy from a company located in my county -LRB- yes and country too -RRB- . My mistake -- Japan here I come!Update -- again ! The third drive -LRB- this they sent to me on the last RMA , which is the second one -RRB- and at first it did n't work at all . I had to re-call , on my dime , of course , and they wanted me to go online to update the firmware . First of all , the drive they sent me this time was made six months before I purchased the original drive ! So not only did they send me used goods -LRB- the DVD included was unusable , as it was all scratched up -RRB- , but they did n't bother to make sure it worked -LRB- as I had again requested that they do -RRB- nor did they bother to flash the firmware . So the first thing I had tried-again - was to go online , and I got the same thing ! Yep , it would not load any other page but the home page . weeee So the nice tech -LRB- and he was nice -RRB- emailed it to me . Now it finaly erased one disc , but choked on writing a DVD-R . I ca n't afford more coasters , as this RMA joke of a process is costing me more than this drive is worth -- and is n't that exactly what this corporation is hoping for ? That I 'll give up and just simply go away . doh?OK 3rd and 4th update ! They had to replace the drive several more times ! The last one I have used infrequently , since I am sick and tired of coasters , and even so , it has failed yet again ! It had been erasing and writing to my Memorex CD-RWs -LRB- I wo n't any other media in this drive but RWs , due to the coasters it loves to make -RRB- , though that is n't something I do too often . Needless to say , I use my newer NEC DVD burner more often , and it NEVER has a complaint ! It is also a 8x multi-format . So I am contacting IOMagic again , and you can bet , they 'll just send me another lump of junk -- as is their wont . I can say that I am permanently done with this company ! People , NO savings is worth the headaches ! I 've been burning discs ever since burners have been and NEVER with the failure rate of this drive -- NO MATTER WHICH BRAND/SPEED OF MEDIA !
 The purpose of this review is to inform customers of the poor service provided by I/O Magic . I had bought a problematic DVD drive . A technician suggested I acquire an RMA but subsequent attempts to do so were unsuccessful . After a couple of months of no replies , I decided to simply buy a new drive from another manufacturer which got rave reviews .
 Even after my collegue 's advice to go for a brand name , i went for this and paid the price . This burner stops burning after 22 mins ... i wasted 3 dvds so far and i 'm still in the 30 days return period ... i 'm running to circuitcity today to get rid of this crap ... DONT EVER BUY I/O MAGIC PRODUCTS ...
 My Dell does n't `` mesh '' well with DVD I/O devices . Although it can play movies , trying to burn DVD 's on it is a hit or miss . Driver problems plague this device and there 's no support from I/O . Name brand is the better way to go . Save your money .
 I should 've seen these reviews before I bought the drive . I still have not made one successful disc , but a lot of coasters . I 'm willing to simply throw it away !
 Tried this drive with Window 98 SE . Problems with the drive 's -LRB- http://www.iomagic.com/ -RRB- interface to windows 98 SE operating system included Pinnacle software http://www.pinnaclesys.com/ shipped with the drive no support to speak of here either with Studio Version 8 16.1 MB `` patch ? '' and Hollywood FX . Could not get the tutorials to work with drive even after download of 48MB `` patch '' . 15 + minutes on phone , leave a message . Sent an email , no response 36 hours later -LRB- business days -RRB- Live chat option under support , no responce after several hours .
 I really liked this tripod , especially the leg locks and how smoothly it all worked . Then one day I went to fold up the crank handle and it snapped off in my hand . This is a plastic-welded-on part , non-repairable . The tripod can still be used , but the elevation must be accomplished by man-handling the vertical column without the crank -LRB- jerky adjustment -RRB- and then cinching down the lock collar . Pretty disappointing , because I did n't put that much force into it . Might as well buy the one without the crank .
 This is a poorly made printer . The ink dried out in about a month and it cost about $ 40 each -LRB- yikes ! -RRB- for replacements , one of the most expensive cartridges out there . The scanner does not feed photo correctly and it is very SLOOOOWWWW . There is also the problem of not having an off switch . Stay away from this printer !
 I decided to buy the 470CX after carefully comparing prices and researching various places on the internet . I took note of everyone 's recommendations and felt confident that what I would be buying was a quality machine . It has proven to be a disappointment . I used it for 2 weeks , and ran into so many paper jams , incomplete transmissions , and annoying features . I called Xerox tech support to see if I could turn the modem volume off or make it lower in volume -LRB- the lowest volume setting is still very loud -RRB- , but was told that there is not a way to do this , that I could take a piece of paper , fold it many times , and tape it to the side of the printer to muffle the volume.Whenever I received a fax , the machine would totally startle me as it prepared the paper tray loudly . I do n't know how to explain it , but if you decide you want to buy it , you should have them perform a demo in the store !!!
 This printer reminds me that my father always told me `` you get what you pay for . '' This printer :1 -RRB- Misfeeds constantly . The paper does n't feed well , and when it does actually print sucessfully , it often prints crooked . I probably have trouble-free prints about 50 % of the times I try . Cross your fingers .2 -RRB- Has other problems . The `` ink low '' light is always on , even with a new cartridge . Also , the print driver locks up whenever the printer encounters problems .3 -RRB- Is insanely expensive to refill.I will never fall for one of the cheap printers again . It is SO much trouble that I wind up e-mailing documents to my room-mate to print rather than go through the torture and frustration of trying to make a good print on mine . Do n't buy it .
 Out of the box , it is a functional b/w fax , and a b/w copier . Once it is installed on the PC it is a decent quality , slow color printer , -LRB- 5 minutes for 1 page -RRB- . The Pagis software that comes with it is necessary in order to use the 470 as a color scanner or color copier . In order to get it to scan or copy in color , it is necessary to get into the BIOS setup . Not exactly plug-n-play . I tried using it with my gateway and dell laptops , as well as my dell desktop , -LRB- all less than a year old -RRB- , so it 's not like I was trying to install the 470 on an old or oddball computer . I kept getting port conflict errors or lock-ups . I never did get it to work well , and I returned it . I would discourage anyone from buying this product . The price was attractive , but it 's not worth bringing home .
 I had purchased Xerox 470 , and had to swap it back 3 times for a new machine from XEROX because the paper would n't feed without jamming or the rollers would n't grab a single sheet -LSB- grabbed 5 etc. -RSB- Each machine i replaced experienced the exact same problems . Furthermore the ink cartridges are a ripoff because they do not last long and even though there maybe ink left , once the machine says `` low ink '' you can not overide and keep printing . I did find XEROX support good , however this product was so poor that i simply ended up giving it away to a charity .
 Buying this was one of the poorest mistakes that I ever made . There are two basic problems with this machine . 1 . Using software , there is no way to control the fax machine like the Canons . You must sit and look at the little LCD screen and punch the little keys on the front of the 470 . 2 . The cartridges for this are ... expensive . I have had the ... machine for a year and am on my third cartridge . And I print about 2 to 4 pages a week . I used to like and root for Xerox but after buying this ... machine it is no wonder why they are no longer the great company they once were.In short , if you want to buy this product LOOK ELSEWHERE !
 I have one . It died after 3 months of use . My neighbor has one . It died in 6 months.The ink cartridges do n't last . They are n't refillable , and they are twice the cost of competing products.They did n't bother to battery backup the clock , so you have to reset the fax timestamp every time it loses power.Besides the fact that you ca n't count on Xer-smucks to keep up with demand for their cartridges . For about a month mine was a paperweight because every store around was backordered.Buy an HP printer . A Cannon copier . Or a Brother Fax . I will never buy another Xerox product .
 I NEVER write reviews so this is my first . I just felt it was my civic duty to steer you away from this machine . When it does work it is a great all in one machine for the price . The problem is it does n't worl all that often . Shortly after buying it the machine froze and would not print out . The tech center could not diagnose the problem so they sent me another one . A refurbished one which I thought was BS seeing as I bought the machine new . But that would have bben fine except after a few more months of light use it went out again . Froze again . This time it was out of warranty . I finally got it going only for it to happen again and again . I had replaced the cartridges -LRB- which are very expensive -RRB- to no avail . I was getting a `` Bad cartridge '' message . I would unplug it , leave it sit for awhile , it would print a page or 2 , and the same error . I tried everything on the website to rectify the problem . Xerox would not help me even via email . The thing will be used as a send fax machine and that is it . If you are a busy person and do n't need a bunch of headaches then skip this unit and save yourself a lot of aggravation .
 After 3 yrs of ownership I am ready to toss it out the window.Even when it was new , the print head slammed got `` stuck '' and stopped printing while spewing ink inside the machine . The ink cartridges are super-expensive and hard to find , unlike Canon refills which are cheap and available everywhere.The fax can only handle about 20 pages when scanning to memory first.The slow scanner produces low-quality images which have herringbone patterns embedded in the image.The software included is terrible , this unit is not fully compatible with Win XP.The unit always indicates that it is out of ink when there is plenty of ink left .
 After owning this Xerox printer for over a year , I am compelled to vote it a 1 star rating based upon the following : Ink goes out too fast and is Expensive!Color prints come out the Wrong Tone by a Huge amount.Often when printing from a file the Cartridge Carrier will bang on the side of the machine and stop functioning altogether.Paper has a hard time feeding correctly and WILL NOT feed with only 1 or 2 sheets in the loader .
 I purchased this printer in 2003 , and its now 2005 . Ive discovered a few things about this device :1 . The paper feeder doesnt work well at all . You can not have less than 10 sheets in the tray at all times or else it wont feed properly .2 . The Ink is over-priced .3 . The Color cartidge you can never get full use of because it dries out and you lose a color before you can even use 10 % of the ink in it .4 . I discovered that you can get a Lexmark Model 70 cartridge to work in the 470CX by prying out a little key in the reciver of the cartridge holder and tossing it in the trash . This will save you 50 % in the price of cartridges . -LRB- If you can even find the 8R7881 anywhere , anyways -RRB- 5 . The printer drivers for this are horrible .6 . The machine will scare the h * ll out of you if you receive a fax or something prints without you knowing it 's coming . It makes a loud banging from the paper feeder w/o warning when it starts .
 I have had this thing for three years . I have had several others and this is , without a doubt , the worst of all printers . The cartridges are ridiculously priced . The machine requires constant cleaning . It has now stopped printing black altogether and xerox help system stinks . They answer nothing.The machine is loud and jams a lot . Buy anything but this one . No more xerox for me or anyone that I know .
 I have the 450 WorkCentre cp . The main problem I 've had is the paper wo n't feed . The rollers wo n't grab the paper . Everything else about the machine is excellent , however this one problem makes the machine all but useless . I understand this problem is chronic on many Xerox printers and workcentres . They did fix it on warranty but now a year later I have the same problem again . The machine is really too big to enjoy sending it back and forth to Xerox although they 've always been nice about it .
 I 'll keep this brief
 I have one of these pieces of junk , and could not get it to simply play a commercial DVD . I called customer support and they said it is a known problem , but they do not have a solution to it . I can not believe that anyone would continue to sell this unit or even allow it to be in the marketplace with such issues . This is the very last JVC product that I will ever purchase .
 I have two different JVC component systems . I wanted to replace a finicky JVC DVD player with a DVD recorder so I could copy some of my old VHS tapes and things from my TiVo to DVD . I bought JVC originally because I liked the Compulink idea . In theory , this made my system smarter . If you put in a DVD an pushed play , the system would set my JVC amp correctly and turn the JVC TV on to the correct input . Easier for the wife and kids . It worked pretty well . The JVC components seemed overly complicated but worked pretty well.When I got the DR-MV5S , I was chagrinned to find out that this new device did not include the Compulink connection ! It never dawned on me to check for this , because I assumed that all JVC devices included this feature . My mistake , but it really should be a standard feature.The DR-MV5S is supposed to have one touch VHS to DVD recording capability . This turned out to be tricky to use and undependable . On many occasions , after struggling to get it going , I would return later to find it had quit for some reason.The device has a huge blue LED across the front . Kind of cool when you first turn it on , but that extremely bright blue light is extremely annoying in a dark room.However , the most annoying problem is the device 's seeming inability to play many commercial DVDs ! I have a $ 50 no name device that plays DVDs more dependably then this over priced boat anchor ! Two brand new DVDs just flat out would not play . They played fine in 4 computers , my cheap DVD player , and my Sony DVD changer.I will migrating all of my components to some other brand .
 Save your money and do n't buy it . Below is my experiences with this DVD Recorder/VCR Combo :1 . DVDs sometimes freeze while playing2 . Can not program it to record shows at various times3 . Could not get it to recognize blank DVDs4 . Initial set up was frustrating because none of the directions worked5 . Called JVC for help and talked to a kid , probably in high school , who did n't know anything about the product . He just regugitated what was in the manual
 I purchased this item through QVC and sent it back . Have 2 DVD/VCR combos and was able to hook up and learn how to run them with out too much difficulty . The unit was properly hook up and would not connect . To say the manual is confusing is an understatement . I would not recommend this product to anyone .
 My first DRMV5S worked okay for about a month , then I noticed when I recorded to DVD , the image would pixilate -LRB- I think that 's the word -RRB- into little blocks of color within the image -LRB- this was July , 2005 -RRB- . I lived with the problem for about six months , as I could still record to VHS and it played DVDs fine , and I was busy . Since I had a warranty plan with Sears , I brought it in for repair after Christmas , it spent two weeks getting serviced , I brought it home , and the remote would no longer change the channel on the DVD recorder . It was stuck on channel 2 and would n't work , so I was given a new DRMV5S at the end of January . About a month into having the unit I decided to dub some of my old VHS tapes onto DVD . I was successfully doing this , going onto my second tape , when I touched the power button , and a charge of static electricity wiped out all audio and the display on the front panel . It 's been in Chattanooga for repair for well over two weeks now . So let 's see , in the past year or so , the unit worked properly for about 2 months , not an impressive record . JVC tech support was n't much help , either .
 Purchased this unit at Best Buy and had to return the unit after it died after two weeks . The manual also required a PhD in order to figure out how to use it . Curses !! I just figued out how everything works and then the unit died . Returned the unit with no problem and purchased an 80 gig TIVO
 It took 3 days to get this set up and programed to work . It took 3 days to be able to talk to a person at JVC . They put you on hold for 20 minutes and then tell you call back the next day . My unit did not have audio on several channels even though my cable setup and TV setup were correct . I could have exchanged it for another unit , but the real problem was the complexity of use . I wanted to transfer VHS to DVD and it is incredibly difficut and frustrating to do ! It takes so many steps expecially if you want to tape only certain parts of your VHS . You can not pause the DVD and when you stop it it starts a new chapter and rewinds your VHS back to the beginning so you ca n't tape in the spot where you have just forwarded it to . The clock is incredibly small and hard to read . I could n't read any of the lighted features just sitting on the couch . The blue light is tooooo bright but I did manage to get it turned off but then the screen was too dark to read anything . When you use the timer feature to tape future shows you can not turn the unit on at all to watch a DVD or tape something else . You had to turn off your preset program just to use it ! So much for making sure my soap taped everyday . I would have to recheck it each morning to make sure that the timer was turned back on . We took this unit back and it was a shame because the recording features are very clear and very good quality . Too bad JVC could n't have created a quality product that a person with a normal IQ could operate . It was just to difficult for me !
 I bought THREE of these things over the last two years ... at least two of them from Amazon . -LRB- The actual model number was different -- XVC20U in black -- but it 's basically the same combo deck they 've been selling for several years now . Now they 've added progressive scan and DVD burner , other than that it looks like the exact same thing that I bought . -RRB- They worked fine at first , but after a while , DVDs started freezing up on them . Oddly , I have absolutely NO trouble playing music CDs in the very same drives.DVD freezing has has happened on all of them , but it is worse on the unit I have used most . It seems to do it less when the machine or the DVD has cooled down . It gets worse over time . Lens cleaning with a disc-brusher , lens cleaning via taking off the case for direct contact cleaning , and air-pressured dusting -- all do no good.Anyway , thanks to JVC I have several hundred dollars worth of DVD players that do n't play DVDs ... other reviews -LRB- under various model numbers -RRB- suggest there 's not a chance JVC will make good on them.I have had , in the past , good luck with JVC TVs and car stereo units , and I try to stay loyal to brands , suppliers and what not . But I seriously doubt I will be making any other JVC purchases due to these things . I suppose JVC does n't place much value on their brand or image or they would n't have dumped this stuff into the marketplace.It seems to be getting harder and harder to find companies that bother to make products that are actually worth what you pay for them . I suppose companies that rip-off customers and laugh their way to the bank must be part of the `` new economy '' I keep hearing about .
 I purchased this device after having to separate our file/print server from the printers by more than the 5 meter USB limit . I first tried a USB-to-cat5 adapter that was way too slow for printing , and instead of getting a dedicated print PC went for the Keyspan PS-4A because it supports all 4 of my printers.I 've been using it for a long time now , and for two of the four PCs on our network it works well . The auto-connect feature is good , although I 'm finding that users often just manually attach to a printer and forget to let go later . The auto-connect seems to only work intermittently too , and not at all for one of the computers . I 've had to periodically unplug/plug the device to reset it . The bottom-line is that after a year I 've given up and am looking for another solution . There 's just been too many headaches for a device that I should have been able to set-and-forget .
 This print server is totally unusable device . I tried to follow the instructions and nothing worked . I sent email messages to the manufacturer and got no response . I even tried to get things to work using IE and manually addressing the device using an assigned TCP/IP address . All of this failed . This device sounds like a good idea because of the bi-directional communcation . Do n't be deceived by what sounds good ! Keyspan does not make a viable product and has no technical service . Save yourself time and frustration . Do n't think of buying this product .
 The setup was not too difficult and once completed the print server refused to work continuously over any period of time .
 I installed it and its software and connected it to my ethernet router . The router could n't find it and it could n't find the router . Uninstalled everything and tried again - repeatedly , with the same results . This all happened on a weekend when the manufacturer 's customer support lines were closed . Their web site offered no usable help.I decided to return the printer server and use XP printer sharing . Probably should have done that to begin with.I repacked the server and returned it to Amazon . Amazon promptly refunded the price I paid for it . This was the only positive aspect to the whole experience .
 After 6 months of use , the print server stopped working . Anything hooked up to it -LRB- computers , printers , scanners -RRB- was not recognized . Repeated inquiries to Keyspan for assistance in troubleshooting were ignored . Very frustrating .
 I experienced several problems with the system setup and operation that caused me to return the device .1 / The setup disk that was included was marked for another Keyspan product
 I was able to only get one USB printer to work . The other 3 showed up as being connected but when I tried to print it said they were n't there . I spent almost 6 hours trying before giving up and returning the unit for a refund .
 I 'm an IT guy and consider myself pretty IT/PC/Network savy . I was throughly disappointed in this product . After reading the detailed instructions , I installed the 4-port print server . Everything according to what the manual says that my printer should be working . As I tried to connect to the printer via the keyspan utility , I kept getting that Windows found a new printer and needed to load the drivers and asked me to load the HP LJ 1010 software . I did and pointed it to the right folder on the CD to load a . dll file , only for it to come back that the hardware installation did not work correctly . After hooking up the printer directly to the PC ; no problems in installing the drivers , but still no go on the keyspan recognizing it . Ughhh ! Finally after 2 hours I gave up . I 'll buy a jetdirect print server from now on . At least it will be working in 5 minutes
 Despite what they say , the PS-4A is incompatible with XP64 -LRB- no drivers -RRB- and multifunction machines -LRB- does n't recognize them -RRB- . It is a nightmare to set up . It took almost all day just to get it running on one of my laptops -LRB- that was using XP -RRB- . Even after getting it set up , it was flakey and kept losing the settings I put in to get it to work . The set up software and instructions were useless and I had to do everything manually . This thing has a lot of promise but it 's not ready for prime time . Unless you enjoy being a beta tester I suggest you avoid this little marvel .
 I bought this camera just over a year ago and really enjoyed it.However , it broke about a month ago - just after the warranty expired . The motor that extends/retracts the lens stopped working.Meanwhile , our Canon A60 which we 've accidentally dropped a number of times keeps going strong.I liked this camera while I had it . If it was still working I 'd give it a higher rating . It took good pictures , was fairly small for a 6x optical zoom camera -LRB- by early 2005 standards -RRB- . The different modes were good , though red-eye was a bit of an issue -LRB- though I suppose that 's going to be an issue with most small form-factor cameras -RRB- . I would have preferred to have an optical view finder and audio playback of videos on the camera -LRB- the camera video mode DOES record audio - but when you playback on the camera , you ca n't hear the audio -RRB- - not a huge deal.I wo n't be buying another one of these to replace the broken one . We 're going to keep our Canon A60 as our primary camera , then probably look into buying a newer Canon when our A60 breaks or we need two cameras again .
 After reading the other reviews here , I eagerly purchased this camera -LRB- about a week ago -RRB- . I 've taken more than 200 photos , and I 've been so disappointed ! I have had several digital cameras over the last seven years , and I have read the manual for this camera cover-to-cover . I have experimented with the many modes and settings , and yet three out of every four pictures I have taken are blurry or out of focus . Even in full sunlight ! And any low-light pictures are totally unusable ! The features seemed great , but the photos are terrible ! My experience has been so different than others have described here . I will be returning this camera as soon as possible .
 I bought this camera as a Christmas 2006 gift . It worked perfectly out of the box . Took great pictures . It was the right camera for what I wanted it -LRB- carry along for snapping photos for blogs and Web sites -RRB- . Then , suddenly , the shutter that covers the lens wo n't open when the camera is turned on . I reset the camera in the hope that the problem will go away , but it did n't . So , great camera while it worked , 4 star photos . Reliability
 I purchased one last year and thought it was great , then this past May 2007 , I purchased 2 more . One broke just outside of the 90 day labor warranty and Panasonic wants $ 95 flat fee to fix it , of course that does n't include parts since that is still under warranty . The original one , which is now about 18 months old will only take indoor pictures . For some reason , as soon as you try to take an outside one , the camera goes black . The indoor pictures have lines all throughout the picutes . This one is out of warranty all together . The only one left is one of the two purchased in May . If I were able to get a refund I would . The picture quality on this camera is getting terrible . No matter what setting I have it on , they pictures look great on the computer , but if I get them printed out , or I print them out , they are grainy . Do not waste your money on this camera !!! I would never buy a Pansonic again !
 Hi , I bought this camera and it broke the first time I used it , eventhough I was very carefull to use it . While taking pictures a message of `` turn of and off camera '' appeared , I checked the manual and it said that when that happens you should take it to repair or call the dealer , because is not working properly . What I think is that they know about their poor quality that they put that on the manual . So , if you want a reliable camera stay away form this one . I got it because I was going to a cruise , but after that of course I could n't take any photo with this thing , if you can call it camera .
 I am not satisfied by this product . The calrity is not good . Also this is the most battery consuming device I have ever seen .
 I bought this camera because I read Imagen stabilization , really you can move the camera and the photos looks good , but the only problem that I see in this camera is a very slow record when you take a p&igrave;cture , I had a sony DSC-W5 and this camera is much faster than Lumix , I do n't known why the persons in the previous reviews did n't report the slow record , but for me is unacceptable this condition . I will going to resale this camera .
 It took the absolutely best pictures of any digital camera that I have owned -LRB- 4 -RRB- ... and then while taking pictures in my garden , it froze and stated that I needed to turn it off/on ... I did and it said , replace batteries -LRB- which were new that day , honest ... I had taken only 10-20 photos before it crapped out -RRB- ... It turned off with the lens extended and it wo n't focus . I called up for the one year warranty ... that is a one year PARTS warranty , no labor , so I am sol.Great camera , until it died . They told me that you have to put the exact same type of batteries in it every time . I have never done that with any electronic device before .
 Have had many computers , this is the worse . The fan noise is horrible . Slow and undependable . It 's a disposible pc for sure .
 The camera malfunctioned after only two uses . After researching it , it looks like its an error due to a lens/scope malfunction and will cost nearly $ 200 to fix .
 We love the form factor , the ease of use , the ability to take * nice * video clips , and especially the online menu ! There is some blur when taking action shots , but all in all , this is a nice camera . Unfortunetly , we have had to exchange our S710 2x due to the screen having internal hairline cracks - brand new and right out of the box . Now this one has cracked and OLYMPUS refuses to honor the warranty and fix it . Too Bad . This is a nice streamlined camera with great features . With customer service like Olympus , why would I ever buy another of their products ?
 I love everything about this camera but the image quality . Although the camera has a built in guide that not only tells you how to take the best shot , but automatically adjusts the settings to the correct mode , most images are fuzzy , especially if printing anything larger than 4X6 . This Olympus camera has so many marvelous features from the large size LCD to the slim , light shell , that it is a great shame the image quality is so poor .
 The latest trend in point and shoot cameras is the lack of a viewfinder . This makes taking pictures outdoors on a sunny day nearly impossible . If you actually want to know what 's going to show up in the picture , this camera is virtually useless in sunlight . You may not use the viewfinder on a digital camera very often but , when you need one , it 's frustrating not to have one . There are better cameras , with a viewfinder in the same price range.Indoors , the camera takes average pictures . The colors are somewhat washed out and at lower resolutions the pictures are a little blurry . On the positive side , the stabilizer works well and pictures at higher resolutions are generally clear and sharp . The included software is cheap junk meant to sell you an upgrade .
 I bought this camera back i May , and since that it has been send in to repair twice and I got a new camera . I regret buying this camera ! Even though it has more than 7 mp . the resolution is so poor . Some of my pictures come out red . Scary . I would buy a Sony or even better a Canon . Canon has more features also like black and white pictures , view finder etc. . I just spoke to Olympus for the 6th . time today , and they 're not willing to help . Take my advice , so you do n't miss out on pictures from your anniversary , trip to Europe , Halloween and so on like I did !
 I bought this camera about a month ago and I am highly disappointed with it . The quality of the pictures is very poor , showing large grain , even at SHQ and low ISO settings . No combination of settings seems to improve quality .
 We have been long-time Olympus customers when it comes to digital cameras . Our first was the D490 . Our second was the Stylus 400 . On the strength of our previous purchases , we did not hesitate to get the 710 . We have been extremely disappointed . Just about every picture we have taken -LRB- at the highest quality setting -RRB- have been blurry and far below the picture quality of the 4 megapixel camera we used previously . We sent the 710 back to Olympus because we were convinced this was a problem with our camera . Olympus was n't particularly interested to hear that we were loyal customers , said it replaced the lens , and we saw absolutely no difference when we received the camera back . Unfortunately , we have now taken 6-months-worth of very average-quality family pictures . We will buy a Cannon or Sony in the next week . Sorry , Olympus , but you have now lost us forever .
 I bought this camera because of the small size and the weather proof . My wife was asking for a smaller camera and we decided on the 710 . Pictures are great in the daytime and outdoors and even in small indoor with flash.The problems started when we noticed that we keep running out of batteries . This turned out to be because when you connect the camera to the computer via USB the camera use internal battery instead of using the power from the USB . So you have to connect it and get the pictures then get it out as quickly as you can before teh batteries die .2 nd problem is with the flash . The pictures indoors are dark so you have to use flash . the flash does not have a good range . I 'm not talking about 100 feet but more like 20 feet . Probably 10 feet is the max for this flash . If you try to use the `` available light '' feature then the shutter stay open for longer time which makes it impossible to take a good the picture without being effected by the hand shaking or the subject moving.Other than that , the camera is great and I 'll probably keep it for taking pictures outdoors .
 Pictures were grainy . Zoom was pathetic . All the camera seemed to have going for it was the compact size and its all weather advantage . Returned camera b/c of the overall disappointment .
 I purchased this camera as a backup and potentially a replacement for my Fuji F450 . It is small , flashy and caught my eye as a handy little camera that would suffice for general point and shoot photography.First I read the Quick Start and installed the software in my iMac G5 . This should have been my clue as to what was ahead . The software went in and a window came up that a software upgrade was available . I clicked to update and the window it was downloading , but then Olympus Master froze necessitating a `` Force Quit '' of the Master Software . I tried unsuccessfully at least four times to no avail . Then I tried to send an email from the program . Again , wrong . Instead of opening my default email program , it opened the OSX Mail program . I use Eudora 6.2 with all my other programs.Then on to the camra . It was then that I discovered that in order to recharge the battery , you must remove it and place it in the charger . My Fuji had a cradle to recharge and to download . The Stylus 710 must have a USB cable connected to the camera , and to the computer in order to download to the computer . That is after you realize you need a tool in order to open the little door to access the USB port . I will be nice and not mention the xd card fits flush in its socket making it necessary to have a decent fingernail to push down to lock/unlock it.Now for the pictures :1 -RRB- The quality of the pictures in the `` Auto '' mode is primitive at best . Probably OK for someone that does n't take a lot of pictures . Undeer ideal conditions , good light and a quiet subject the picture would be acceptable .2 -RRB- In semi sunlight , cloudy in mid morning , the flash goes off for a normal picture . Where is the auto ISO ? The pics were `` OK '' at best , being nice the Olympus .3 -RRB- DO N'T plan on previewing photos taken outside in sunlight . I could n't see the LED screen - just hoped for the best . -LRB- It does make a great mirror . -RRB- 4 -RRB- Indoor flash were acceptable .5 -RRB- I took a number of photos under the same conditions within 20 minutes of each other on both cameras . The Olympus lost in all cases . It was like the `` thrilling days of yesteryear '' when you took your roll of film from your trusty Kodak Brownie and hoped for the best.Needless to say , the camera is going back . I might caution anyone else looking for a `` cute , simple '' camera , this is for you . Just do n't plan on those `` oooooh '' pictures . It would seem that most of the camera manufacturers have eliminated the eye view finder , the cradle , and ease of operation . Even the new Fuji 's have gone to the larger LED screen which is also lousy in bright sunlight .
 This camera is not weather proof as claimed and Olympus will find any reason to void the warranty . I purchased this camera about five months ago , and was very pleased with it those first five months . The high resolution and many shooting modes worked well . I purchased this camera over the many , many other cameras with similar resolutions because of Olympus ' claim that it is `` weather proof . '' However , the first time I used it in the rain , the camera failed completely . When I opened up the battery compartment , there was water inside . Olympus refused to cover the repair under warranty because my camera was not in brand new condition because it has some normal nicks and scuffs -LRB- the kind that happen to anything that you keep in your pocket all the time -RRB- . So , I have to pay Olympus $ 193.00 to fix their defective camera . BE WARNED -- Olympus will void the warranty unless your camera is in out-of-the box new condition , so the warranty is not worth the paper it is printed on . Olympus has the worst customer service of any large company I have ever dealt with and the sole purpose of their customer service department seemed to be to deny warranty claims . I recommend against purchasing any Olympus product .
 I was very disappointed with this camera . The description says it has a digital stabilization mode but you could n't prove it by me , as so many photos turned out blurry . Another huge problem was its slow shutter speed , as time after time , I would lose a shot when friends using other cameras and snapping their shots at the exact same time as me got their photos.One important consideration
 Same as others with the breaking LCD screen what a bummer they should do some sort of testing with pressure placed on the screen and have to meet a minimum force to break . I like the camera other than that . Slim and long lasting battery user friendly It would have cost $ 130 to send back and replace the screen I can get a new one on e bay for that so I wo n't buy Olympus cameras any more . I am going to try Sony now .
 I thouht going with Olympus , I 'd get quality and innovation . I thought wrong . The first camera had a crack in the screen right out of the box . After returning I used for just a couple of weeks before a flash malfunction , which eliminated indoor photo 's . Photo 's were frequently out of focus and images taken with slight motion was blury.Don ' t waste your time thinking that this small camera will be a good pocket camera , it wo n't . What it will do is break and disappoint .
 i got this as a present back in october of 2006 . it broke 3 months ago !! only 9 months of limited use . i am so upset . when my boyfriend bought it , it was $ 350 !! now , it will cost $ 150 to fix and its worth $ 150 now . i called olympus and because we dont have the receipt , they wont take it in . they need a proof of purchase , i said the camera is the proof . i have the warranty card , the box , everything except the receipt . i will NEVER buy an olympus again . the customer service are extremely rude and they dont even back up their product . dont buy this camera - you will be sorry .
 I purchased the Olympus Stylus 710 brand new in 2006 . During the 2 years that I have owned it , it has proven to be a fairly dependable camera . General performance was good although the indoor shots -LRB- with flash -RRB- and outdoor action shots -LRB- i.e. kids playing soccer -RRB- could have been better . For some reason , any indoor shot with flash that involves the zoom always ends up dark and blurry , so it 's pretty much a given that if I use my zoom and my flash indoors , I will get blurry pictures . Macro shots with a flash are n't that great either . Nevertheless , I 've been fairly happy with it ... until a couple of weeks ago . While taking pictures during our beach vacation , I was appalled when my camera stopped working . In the midst of taking shots , I got this odd whirring sound , the lens popped in and out , then the LCD screen turned blue . An error message
 I bought this camera in a hurry because my other one unexpectedly broke . I do n't like going anywhere without a camera . This one is ergonomically designed in a slight wedge shape making it easy to fall out of your pocket . I caught it before it hit the ground . Whew ! Further , it is small so if you have large hands you probably do n't want this one . The pictures were quite sharp . The viewing screen often whited out in bright , contrasty lighting situations and seemed unable to make a decent exposure in these conditions . I consider that defective . I took it back and got a thoroughly excellentCanon PowerShot A630 8MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Zoominstead . Very satisfied with the Canon !
 I bought this camera after having a Casio Exilim EX-P600 because I wanted something smaller , and liked that it had image stabilization and was weather resistant -LRB- important for camping , etc -RRB- . However , in comparison with my previous Casio Exilim , I have been extremely disappointed with the picture quality - except for outside in bright , indirect light , a good 2/3 of the pictures are blurry and/or incredibly grainy . While its size means that I almost always have this camera with me , I am frustrated and disappointed every time I load the pictures onto my computer .
 I had this camera about a week . The screen broke . Olympus warranty would not cover it . The way the camera is shaped it makes breakage at the right side of the screen a probability . I went to two Best Buy stores in Raleigh North Carolina and Orlando . Both store demo units had screens broken in the same area . I wanted to buy the same camera as I had a battery , memory card , etc. . I did not by another Olympus 710 .
 I owned an older Olympus digital camera and the thing I hated the most about it was that it took forever to snap the photo . My subjects would often not be in my picture , would complain about posing or I 'd just miss the shot . I loved it otherwise and bought this one . I could n't believe that it had the same problem ! It took forever to snap ! I returned it and bought a Canon ELPH and am much happier . The Olympus did take wonderful picutes once you finally got them !
 Aesthetically and ergonomically , this is one sleek , gorgeous design . BUT to make a long story short , MANY of the photos taken with this cam are in fact ` grainy ' and ` noisy ' , and unquestionably lacking sharpness and detail -LRB- especially indoor flash shots -RRB- for what is supposed to be a 7.1 megapixel image . My wife and I actually compared the ` Olympus 710 ' pics with our 5 year old ` FujiFilm 2650 ' 2 megapixel camera 's pics , and SHOCKINGLY the old 2 megapixel cam won hands down ! Go figure . Even our much less expensive ` Nikon Coolpix L14 ' that we just bought to replace this camera , has far superior quality images . The interesting thing is that I read several posts and/or threads here on ` Amazon ' and on the net that allude to the blurry pics that the 710 often displays . Perhaps there was a quality control issue on some of these cams ? If anyone else has experienced dissapointing quality images with this cam , please comment below and share your story . Thanks .
 This camera does not support the Macintosh platform . This should be made known to any potential buyers . This is very infortunate , since the MAC is DV ready .
 I purchased this printer and it worked great for almost a year . Then suddenly it would not connect to any other device and had to be thrown out .
 I bought this with the Powershot A510 to get the $ 70 rebate for the 2 items together . I never got the rebate and after contacting Canon for a month they tell me they never got the box tabs . Of course I sent them with the rebate form . So now I have no boxes and no rebate . Very aggravating and disappointing !
 BE CAREFUL ! We ordered one Mobile Edge 13.3 inch neoprene sleeve for our first Macbook and it fit perfectly . Then , we ordered a second one of these for our second Macbook , a few months later , and it was too small . I believe this second one was for a Macbook AIR notebook , but the Amazon site -LRB- this description -RRB- does not seem to differentiate the two . Though both the Macbook and the Macbook Air have 13.3 inch display screens , they have different overall dimensions.It would be good for Amazon to work this out with Mobile Edge and make sure they differentiate on the Amazon website which one is which , and have different UPC numbers .
 The case is good notebooks sleeve . However the strap is very small and can only be used around your wrist . The strap does not have any support , so when you carry the laptop with the strap , it swings all around . Also the material inside the case , which is there to protect the zipper from scratching the laptop , is very clumsy and is difficult to pull it around the laptop.Overall , if you want this case to use as a regular sleeve with a nice front zippered pocket , then this is for you . However , if you want to use this as a carrying case , it would be better to get something which has a SHOULDER strap .
 This case seems like it would be great EXCEPT there is no protection on the inside from the zipper to prevent your computer from getting scratched . DUH!Also , the pocket on the outside is too small to fit anything other than maybe a couple cds -LRB- but no jewel cases -RRB- . This is an example of a product with good materials and good intentions but seriously BAD design . They dropped the ball .
 I recently purchased the Belkin Silver HDMI cables -LRB- 2 -RRB- 4 ft. long ones -- the connector on one end of one of the cables was at an angle rather than straight on ----- I used the one that was in good shape and went to Best Buy to replace the other . Bought a Monster cable that costs 3x as much but in this instance , I guess you really do get what you pay for . Sub-standard product . This is the second time this has happened on an amazon.com purchase , and it will most probably be the last . Z.V.J.
 I purchased one of these and it went bad after about two months . Unfortunately , I 've spent hours trying to get Dane-Elec to replace it , with no luck . I never get replies to notes sent to their techsupport e-mail address , and when I call them I always end up in the voice mail of someone who never returns my calls . I 'd suggest another manufacturer .
 Do n't buy from this company ! I was desparate and had to buy what the store had in stock . I loaded all my work files to take on vacation . When I tried to access , it said the drive had not been formatted . I 've tried formatting many times and then storing test files . Same results each time . I contacted them twice with no response.STEAR CLEAR !
 The ring fell off within days , so I had to carry it in my hand or in a pocket . The cap kept falling off as well . There are other flash drives out there that do a better job of staying intact , so I 'm buying a different one .
 I bought this to replace my old 256MB -LRB- still working despite extensive abuse -RRB- thumb drive . Well , I 've had it for about a month now and it 's dead . In the course of one afternoon it went from loading up every time I put it in a computer to being `` An unrecognized device '' in every computer I put it into -LRB- it was a gradual process over a couple hours strangely enough -RRB- . This is the first product I 've ever bought from dane electric , and it will surely be the last . Next time I 'll pay more attention to the brand name and go with a better known brand rather than price.Oh , and I 'll also toss out there that I 've been using computers for 20 years now , and have been building computers for many years , so it 's not a case of computer literacy .
 I am not a computer expert . I do use flash memory quite a lot in college , though . My last flash memory pen drive was , at 256 megs , insufficient for my uses . Needing at least 1 gig as soon as possible , I searched amazon.com for the -LRB- or one of the -RRB- least expensive flash memory pen drives.I should have been more careful and deliberate . The 1.91 GB pen did install itself automatically on my Windows XP Professional - no problems there . However , when I ordered the `` pen '' I did n't take a good look at the picture . If you do , you 'll notice that there is an extremely flimsly little ring that holds the flash drive to the provided lanyard . The lanyard itself looks like it 's made of slightly stretchable mylar blue rubber - not particularly trustworthy.So , unless you always carry flash drives in your pocket , save yourself from the inevitable pain of losing two gigs worth of data/homework/whatever . For my part , it 's too late . I gently attached the flashy blue lanyard to the little ring ... and bent the ring out of shape - without even trying!The product works well , as far as I can tell - that is , it meets my needs . I do n't have another 2GB flash drive to compare it to , though . A friend recently asked to borrow it and he found it on the slow side . Sometimes , when moving a lot of data , it 'll tell you how many minutes are left , then every few seconds it will re-estimate how long it will take to get the job done ... and you may think you 're almost done with only a minute left , and all of a sudden the number of minutes it expects it 'll take will start climbing up again . So if it 's a lot of data -LRB- say , more than one GB , -RRB- you may have to wait about five minutes . I find that acceptable , as I guess I 'm getting older for I find it incredible to be able to carry so much data in so little space !
 I used this for lap swimming and was very careful to close it exactly how they tell you to , but it only worked for about 2 weeks before water leaked in and the mp3 player would n't turn on anymore . While it did work , I loved it , but for the money , I would have liked to use my new mp3 player for more than a few weeks .
 Shuffle setting is n't random , plays different order but that same diferent order every time , the headphones stink !
 Oregon Scientific 's newer version -LRB- MP121 -RRB- is light years ahead of the original -LRB- MP120 -RRB- . Here are the improvements over this model
 I have a Oregon Scientific 120 and a 121 model , both are lacking in headphone department . They wo n't stay in while swimming . I tried the Freestyle audio and their head phones get wet and stop working . The only MP3 player that works like it 's suppose to is the product by `` Swimman '' where they waterproof a Ipod shuffle from the inside , pared with their waterproof headphones that are like using bose ear buds under water this unit is a dream and highly recommended !!!!
 What I thought I was buying was a pen desk set , not just a replacement pen . The item was incredibly over-priced for a pen ! This is third negative experience on recent Ebay purchases .
 I ordered two of these batteries and paid for overnight shipping in that I needed them for a rapidly approaching event . When I put them in my Sony DCR-TRV480 camera and tried to charge them , the charge light started blinking after about 30 seconds . The manual stated this indicated the batteries are not compatible with the camera . I tried charging the battery overnight anyways , and the light never stopped blinking . When I tried to power up the camera , I had a message on the LCD saying Sony Info Li Ion Batteries , followed by the camera powering down . When I tried to determine the charge status of the battery , the camera would not provide the requested info . I believe the camera has some intelligence that looks for a chip on the battery to tell it it is a SONY battery . If not , it shuts the camera off . Hence , this battery is not compatible with the Sony DCR-TRV480 camera .
 Just a heads up that the current list price of $ 300 + on this cable is insane ! There are various other HDMI to DVI-D cables available on Amazon for under twenty dollars .
 This product doe n't even deserve 1 star , but thats the only option I 've got . Save your money ! I bought this so that I could have a radio option for my iPod . It is useless . The reception is poor , the design is lousy and the volume control is subpar . The radio does not have a preset option and does n't show what radio station is selected . The volume control only has two settings - low and high . Even more frustrating is that the volume level will drop as soon as it is plugged into a device -LRB- such as an iPod -RRB- . If you 're thinking of purchasing this for your iPod , or for any other reasons , save your money .
 Do NOT spend your money on this product.No display for frequency means you never know what channel you 're on.Then , when you eventually find the channel you want by pure luck , it randomly switches off it for no reason . Then you get to find it again , which usually takes another ten minutes.This product SUCKS and i ca n't believe they sell it at the apple store .
 This CD player was great when it worked , but it barely made it 3 months and the CD player wo n't play . It was not handled roughly - never left the desk - so there is no reason it should just stop . I am very disappointed . Skip this item and try something else .
 the cd player didnt work but again the ups did pick up within one day of my emailing . The service is excellent but unfortunately the cds didnt work in the player
 I bought this CD player for my baby so that she can listen to music while she 's sleeping . This CD player stopped working after 3 months of daily use about 4-6 hours a day . I guess you get what you paid for , cheap price for a cheap brand ... it 's like getting a `` disposable CD player '' well I guess I 'll keep it for the radio . Will not buy any Coby brands , this will be the last purchase .
 Hi , Let me begin this review with saying that I liked this product for being portable , good looking and sound quality . My main purpose of using this was to listen the cd 's and it did well on it for few months . Yesterday it just didnt play any CD -LRB- it 's being almost 4 months since I owned it -RRB- . Now I dont know what to do with it !! I am writing this review in a hope that coby sends me a replacement for this one .
 Tried several CDs with this model and none of them worked . The CD was spinning , and the display just said `` No '' . Radio worked fine . Sending it back for a refund .
 Our kids love falling asleep listening to audio books which is why we bought this device.We looked for a cheep but known brand and COBY is one of those.It worked really well for almost 6 months , good sound quality and all but then - one day , we smelled this terrible smell of burnt plastic and realized that the device is heating up to a level of internal melting.It 's not operational anymore , completely gone and with the 3-months warranty , nothing much we can do about it.Beyond the sad ending this could have ended much worst - we consider this device dangerous and do n't plan on buying it again .
 Purchased this for an inexpensive CD player for our baby son 's room . Worked well for about 6 weeks ... now the CD player randomly skips , makes strange noises , and then eventually stops playing all together . The radio has terrible reception , but that 's not why we bought it , so I 'm basing this solely on the CD player . 6 weeks is unthinkably poor product quality ! Why waste your money?I 'm now questioning the value of purchasing these cheap type of products at Amazon . They have a 30 day policy for returns , and as far as I can tell will not stand behind the product . It would make more sense to pay a few bucks extra to buy this at a discount store locally , where you at least have 90 days to wait for it to break ! Now I 'm going to see if I can get a refund directly from Coby .
 When I was christmas shopping , I thought this looked really cute , and I figured , `` Hey , it 's cheap , and looks good . '' So I bought it . It worked pretty well for the first couple of days , and then the CD playing system on it just decided to stop working . I checked all things that I might have possibly done wrong , but I did n't find any . When you try to load the CD , it does n't let you play anything . I would not recomend this product for whoever wants to buy it , because it did not work like I wanted it to , and it made a pretty lousy Christmas present after I found out it had broken . DO N'T BUY THIS .
 Alas , it makes a very noticeable hum even when it 's OFF ! I have to unplug it if I want the noise to stop . Very disappointing.But if size matters to you , it 's worth mentioning that it 's surprisingly small , especially in comparison to other portable stereos . It is easy to carry and fits anywhere . -LRB- edit dec08 .2006
 I should have read the reviews closer myself before buying this ... mine just inexplicably quit working after only having it a few months . Dont buy this piece of junk ... there is a reason it is priced cheap .
 Sadly we received the product broken . It would n't play beyond the half way mark of any cd . In requesting a replacement the company returned the money without any comunication . It was rather strange but they refunded the money so one cant ' t complain .
 I purchased this cd player as a gift for someone , and the cd player did n't work either ! Very disappointing ... Do not purchase this product .
 I know this was not the top of the line radio , but I only needed it to play children 's cds for my infant son . The cd player part is broken it will not play cds . The radio part works . However , that is not why I purchased the radio . Would not recommend to anyone .
 Could n't receive radio signals clearly . Tuning and volume controls are on the back of the unit . While it look nice , it is completely useless . I returned mine while I still could and will try another brand .
 Very disappointing sound quality . It is difficult to tune the radio , and many stations barely come in . But , at least it looks good - oh wait thats not the most important quality in a radio ! Its cute and compact and cd 's plat clearly .
 I opened this and while it is small and compact -LRB- which is why I opurchased it -RRB- it only worked once . I opened it up and set it up in my daugther 's room . I played her baby music cd on it one afternoon and it worked fine . the next day when I went to put it on for her again it did not work . The cd screen lit up but it would not turn the CD and there was no sound for the radio either . Both my husband and I looked it over time and time agian to make sure we had n't missed something , but we could get it to work . And on top of it all I had it working once so I through out all the packaging and ca n't even return it . A waste of time and money . I wish I had listened to the bad reviews this product already had .
 I bought this CD player because it was cheap and compact . The CD player stopped playing CD 's after just 10 months . This is my first and last time buying a COBY product . Learn from my mistake , pay the few extra bucks to buy a product that lasts longer .
 I bought this CD payer for my granddaughter for Christmas and by February it is not working . -LRB- She is an infant , so only operated by her parents -RRB- . Of course the window for return ended January 31 . Not sure I would by electronics online again . Easier to return to the store .
 I loved the look of this player and the price seemed reasonable . So I happily took my new little red cd player home to learn that it does n't play burned cds at all and it skips like crazy ! I went out and got a new cd since I could n't use the music I already had and it worked for about a month before it completely gave out on me . Again , it 's a nice looking little player but do n't be deceived or you 'll be on here a month from now looking for a new player like I am right now .
 I purchased 2 of these for my children 's bedrooms . BOth of them went out after about 6-8 weeks . No wonder they were so cheap .
 CD player stopped working within a month . We only used it to play a couple of brand new CDs . We never dropped it . We never carried it with us . It stood the whole time on a side table in a bedroom . I e-mailed Coby customer services , they never got back to me . I called . No answer . I e-mailed again . Silence . I wish I did n't waste my time and just returned it to amazon right away . I will never buy Coby product ever again . They do n't deserve our business .
 I was thrilled to find this cute little red CD player for my 3 yr old son . It was exactly what I was looking for . I read the reviews and just had a feeling I should keep searching when I read the comments about the `` humming '' problem some were having . Well , I went ahead and bought one anyway , and I 'm sorry I did . Ours not only hums , but it makes popping and crackling noises , too . Sometimes it stops doing this after a few minutes , sometimes it does n't . Very annoying !! My son ca n't listen to his music as he goes to sleep because of this . We do n't use it much and will be looking for another better quality player . Though very cute , the Coby CD player we purchased truly is a piece of junk .
 I 'm a teacher who bought this for my Sensory Room . I have had it for a month and have had nothing but trouble with it . The antenna broke off the second day when I was trying to tune in the radio . The CD player would work for a few songs and then would just start skipping . Today , the CD player quit altogether . I do n't even want a replacement , just my money back . Do n't buy it !!
 I bought this CD player specifically and only to play CD 's . I purchased it on October 22 and by January 26 the CD portion of the unit stopped working . I emailed Coby and they responded to send it back and include a money order for the return shipment . They also state that their warranties are for 90 days . This is just outside of 90 days . So in summary , just a bad experience all around . Do not buy . Spend a little extra on a quality brand .
 this was the worse purchase i have ever made and it was a gift to my best friend . It broke the third time she used it couldnt get it to read the cds not even after having it a week gravely disappointed . would definitely not endorse .
 the radio reception is bad and does not play mp3 . the reason i purchase this was to play mp3 . this product sits inside my closet .
 I purchased this for my daughter 's room . She 's been using it for 2.5 months and the CD player is ALREADY broken . And because I bought it in advance of her birthday , I 'm past the window to return it . Do not buy this piece of crap CD player . Total rip-off .
 This product did n't last long , stopped playing CDs had to toss it . It had poor sound quality when it actually worked .
 Purchased two CXCD240 units for my boys for Christmas . Within 6 months , BOTH have battery corrosion - ruining spots on our carpet . Both had Duracell batteries and Coby refused to accept responsibility and replace units . Wish someone had warned me before wasting my money and ruining carpet .
 Daughter open present for Christmas and Plugged it in and check the radio and it work . Try to play cd and it would just spin and would not play . Sent it back for refund .
 I have the blue player . Pretty color . I use it in my office , but not everyday . I must have used the CD player maybe 4 times and now it does not work . So I can only use the radio now .
 I just wanted a cheap cd player so we could play cds for my 6 month old daughter . After only a few days the sound just stopped working . The cd player still worked as far as I could tell -LRB- the numbers lit up on the screen and changed like it was going through the songs -RRB- but no sound . I put in a return request through amazon and they immediately sent me a replacement . I just received the new one and so far its working fine . Im just worried this one is going to break as well after seeing all the other bad reviews for this product .
 For about $ 23 , you get the same one with same price at walmart , cheap it is . the first time i opened it and put a cd in , it ate up my cd . created a lot of scratches and was n't playing the songs right . even my 3 year old was asking , `` what 's wrong , mom ? '' so , i removed the cd and placed it back in , it sometimes play a bit , but the sound quality is poor . then sometimes you ca n't even hear the words of the song . so sad , what a waste of money this was . quickly returned it to the store .
 Great size , easy to use ... only worked for a few weeks . I bought it to use in my baby 's room , and this has a repeat function which is what I was looking for . First , it started skipping , then it would stop completely and give an error message -LRB- it did n't come with a manual , so I did n't know what it meant -RRB- . Then , it died . Piece of crap . I returned it for a refund .
 This CD player began being unpredictable -LRB- sometimes worked , other times did not -RRB- , then stopped working completely after less than 4 months of light to moderate use . Very disappointing .
 I do n't know how ? It 's already broken ... sad ... I only used one to two months.When I want to return is over 30 days . So
 It is dissapointment , had it for 2 weeks . Playing fine , then last week the CD 's -LRB- New ones -RRB- started to skip all over the place . I tried restarting it and put another CD in . Played first 2 tracks , then it started skipping again . But you know what they say `` You get what you pay for '' . Dissapointed because this CD was just the right size . One plus , it pick up radio stations well and good sound .
 The CD player broke immediately after use and I am going to have to toss it out and get a different one . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY !!!! GRRRRRRRRRRR
 Have used this cd player for less than 6 months and the cd player function no longer works . Cheaply made .
 Worked as it should for 2 months before not reading the disc . Radio works just fine , though . Should 've listened to other reviewers ' advice and not purchased . Waste of money .
 CD player stopped working within weeks . While this is a lower priced item our expectations were higher . I would n't even give it 1 star . Do n't waste your $ on this - you really dont even get what you pay for .
 This is a terrible product ! I bought this recently July 2011 . It will no longer play cd 's after three weeks . I purchased this for my baby 's room to play a white noise cd so I am the only one that has touched it . It made a funny noise after two weeks and completely broke after three . Also ... on the instruction booklet there are warnings everywhere re
 Purchased on July 9 , 2011 ... it worked less than 30 days ... CD wo n't play anymore , with the player not recognizing it ... must pay $ 10 shipping fee to return and get a replacement . Paying $ 10 on top of the original purchase price to get a replacement CD player for my brand new CD player ! I might consider this IF I felt it was a fluke , but in reading the reviews I 'm afraid it 's not -LRB- my husband purchased this one without carefully reading the negative feedback -RRB- . I kindly suggested they offer me a credit and I could look at other products in the COBY family . That was denied so I guess I 'm stuck with a radio/CD player which does n't play CD 's and writing COBY a negative review for their poor customer service .
 Quit playing a week after I received it . would not recommend this product.Should have mailed it back but could n't find box it came in . I really enjoyed it when it worked .
 I bought this to get a cheap cd player , instead I got a non-functioning cd player . Thanks for wasting my time , money , and energy .
 I bought this for my daughter . It broke after 18 months from approximately 1 hour use a night . The break was faulty power . The plug only powers it when jiggled a little bit out of the wall jack ; that trick no longer works . Buying something else and doing a search for non-Coby products .
 The Pros
 Bought this for my daughter and like many people said the cd player stopped working about 2 months after we purchased it !
 Bought it 10/ll . Worked fine till 3/12 . Now it either wo n't play at all or it will play 2-3 cuts , then die . I 've used a disk cleaner and cleaned my disks with water and a sponge . It does n't help . Their troubleshooting guide suggested that maybe moisture is the problem so leave it on for 2-3 hours to dry it out . Did that . Did n't work . Called them and they said ship it back to them with a money order -LRB- not a check -RRB- for $ 10 . By the time I get it packaged and ship it , I could buy a new one . Aside from that , it does n't remember where you last stopped so you have to search for it . -LRB- I listen to some audio books , not just music . -RRB- That 's not easy because you can only go forward one cut at a time -- there 's no slow fast forward . The volume control is on the back of the unit which is also inconvenient , especially if you use it in a dark room . Moral
 The warranty from Coby is only 90 days and it broke a month later of course not under warranty anymore . It worked for 3.5 months and then just stopped playing and the screen glitches . It is a waste of money and Coby will no longer get my business or my support . They are rude on the phone and told me to get a cd cleaning kit and that was all they could do for me . What has happened to customer service these days ????
 Bought this about 10 months ago because the price was good , but now the CD player wo n't work . it sat on a counter and was never moved or abused . If you want a cheap product and do n't care if it lasts long , buy this one .
 Let me preface by saying I am not the type of person to submit reviews ... . However , I felt this one was justified.I read some of the reviews and was skeptical of this CD player , but purchased two of them anyways for each of our daughters . From the first touch of the buttons you could tell this thing was extremely low quality . Both , I repeat BOTH -LRB- ! -RRB- , stopped functioning properly after 2-3 uses . You had to press the play/pause button 4-5 times for it to register the function , CDs would not play through their entirety . Incredible . Returned immediately . Do n't bother .
 came broken -- did not work at all -- which was embarrassing as it was sent as a gift . We sent it back to amazon and gave the recipients a gift card .
 Update
 This radio is horrible ! The CD player stopped working after 4 months of use and the speakers were constantly fading on it 's own !!
 This item is horrible . Makes weird noises when CD 's are playing . If I did not throw out the box , I would have returned it .
 I bought this cd player because the color went perfect in my sons bedroom ... after 2 days it stopped working . It would no longer play cd 's . I would not reccommend this product .
 This little unit was perfect for the space needed but did n't recognize any of the CD 's I placed in it . Something 's off since there are other reviewers who have said the same thing . I would think Amazon would stop selling something that was dysfunctional for so many users . The plus side was an instant refund from Amazon . I was able to find something similar although more $ $ $ at a local Target .
 ordered this item a month ago or so to use in the nursery . I tried the radio and it worked fine , but I just found out that it will not play any of the CDs I tried . I will try to return for a refund .
 I bought this as birthday gift for 9 yr old grandson . It refuses to play CD 's !! I can not return it because box was thrown away with party clean-up . I am so mad - and grandson was very disappointed ! Do NOT buy this ! It is junk !
 This is our second attempt with this CD player . The first version skipped after a few minutes and then Amazon shipped me a replacement . The replacement arrived today and did n't even detect the CD . Do not bother buying this CD player . I must say though that Amazon has been very helpful throughout this process .
 My daughter received this as a gift and it worked for over a year . Then the CD 's would spin and spin without playing . It kept skipping too . It 's too bad because it 's cute and compact in design . Between my experience and other reviews on this product , it seems that it 's not a good buy .
 I returned this item and I am still waiting for a refund . It has been almost 4 weeks and I ca n't get a hold of the seller.Frustrating !!!
 I tend not to buy cheap electronics , but purchased this from buy.com for about $ 30 on 10/12/2009 . Well , it is 10/24/10 , and the CD player and the MP3 USB input are both dead . The USB input was the first to go , maybe 6 months into its life . Now , it wo n't read CD 's . I guess the radio still works.Pretty useless , spends an extra $ 35 and get at least 2 or more years out of a Sony product . Oh , the COBY warranty is only 90 days !! BWP
 Even at low prices this radio is a disappointment . 20 some dollars in 4 months ... not worth it .
 Colby CX-CD241 Portable CD player and RadioAlready there are hitches in disc play despite all attempts to rectify , . The radio qualityu is mediocre . The antenna broke off with a single turn without force . I would not buy again from this accompany , feeling fleeced and disappointed , and would nbot reccommend the product . If I had the time to waste on warranty stuff , I would seek and expect reparation ; it is of very limited use
 I bought this for my newborn 's room , used only a few times , lasted less than a month . Called Coby , customer service rep was very rude !! Called back to speak w/a manager , was on hold for over 15 minutes so I hung up !! Will never buy their products !!
 It 's an alright CD player . I got it because I 'd been palying my afternoon music , CDs in my DVD player and tray was getting wore out . So I bought this CD player but soon found out it did n't play burned CDs , CD-Rs and since it did n't I bought one that would and gave this one away .
 This product works well for personal use . I have tried to use it with a crowd of preschoolers and it is just not loud enough to overcome the noise they make . Other players I have used work better .
 I got this CD player two months back and the play and repeat buttons are not working any more . I ca n't use it any more . Even though it is cheap it is not worth even that much . Try to find another decent CD player . I am not at all satisfied with this .
 I 'm replacing it less than a year later . It wo n't read CD at all . I 'm going to spend more and get something better quality this time -LRB- hopefully ! -RRB- .
 I ordered this CD player to play bedtime stories and music for my children . We used it once a day for less than two months and it broke . I wrote to the manufacturer who refused to respond . I would not buy this brand again .
 We play a cd in our daughter 's room every night on repeat . This cd player had gotten questionable reviews but I went ahead with it . Big mistake . Lasted 3 months before the cd player burned out . We have an Insignia cd player that has lasted more than 1.5 yrs playing in another room . Shame on me for buying a cheaper one .
 We used this CD player for playing radio and the other day it just broke down completely - when I plug the power cord , there are no lights , no response from it . It was working OK before that and we only used it for a few month before it broke down . I wish I have bought a more expensive one in the first place , cause now I 'll have to buy it anyways , and the money spent on this one are lost : -LRB-
 Nice little unit until it stopped playing CDs after only two weeks . Returned.Sound was good . Compact . Easy to use .
 I have bought four of these players the first two lasted a few months the third one lasted a month and the last one lasted a week . I will never buy another one because it is a piece of junk.My advise to new buyers do n't buy it you will be dissapointed.I gave it one star because I had no other choice , if it was up to me I will give it a big fat zero .
 I bought this to sit on my daughters dresser and play her classical music at night . I have gone through 3 Of these Boombox 's . They work good at first but after a little bit they just stop working . They wo n't play any CD 's I put in . I am now to the point of frustrated and I will never buy this CD player again .
 Beware the warranty . You 've got only 90 days . Within that 90 days , you pay to ship to Coby -LRB- it came out to $ 12 for me -RRB- and a $ 6 for Coby to ship back to you . In all , you pay more to get this garbage serviced than you pay upfront . This is the case for all Coby products . Check Coby USA 's site for the bad news on warranty costs.Save yourself some time money and spend the extra $ 10 to get a good product from a reputable brand , with a regular 1-year warranty , and not this crapola-knock-off garbage .
 I purchased this product 2 times ! The first CD player worked for about a month and quit playing CD `` s. I returned and recieved a 2nd CD player-lo & behold this one quit working within 2 weeks ! I foolishly thought `` I 'll just get another CD player-could not happen twice ! So . . at this point I can not return , I did not send back the 2nd . CD player within a month . -LRB- Family emergency -RRB- Now who wants a : Coby CX-CD241 Portable CD Player with AM/FM Stereo Tuner , Black-that does not play CDs.Just for your information , I am not rough , or abuse the products , I have listened to books on CD for years-so this was very surprising to say the least.Thank you for letting me vent!Sincerely , Lari Nickens
 This is my 2nd one for my babies nursery to play lullabye cd 's , 1x a day at night . One works fine , the second one I ordered Sept. 8th -LRB- it 's now Nov. 11 -RRB- and a couple days ago it stopped working . CD reader is not working . I am attempting to go through the Amazon channels to return this , but beware of return policies before you buy . I 'm not sure I 'll even be able to return it . I do n't have the original packaging and Amazon says I 'm past my return window . Seriously ? For something I bought barely 2 months ago that is a manufacturer defect ? I hope this is not the case , but if they do n't take this back , I will be so p * ssed after all the money I spend here . Beware ...
 This item worked great for about 2 months , then the CD player quit working . We only ordered this to play CD 's in our little boys room . Wish I would have taken heed to the other reviews ! Do n't waste your money on this if you need a CD player , but the radio still works : -RRB-
 I wanted to find a small , lightweight cd player/radio for my 2-1/2 yr old grandson for Christmas to go with the earphones I got him . This was not a good choice and was a waste of money . However , my grandson loves it still . The cd player has never worked . I thought it was just my lack of skill - if it plugs in , I probably will need help to get it set up , so I told his parents the problem . Sure wish they 'd let me return it ! When setting it up , I explained different parts to my little guy . Like the antenna - here it is , it works like this , be very careful , do n't bend or break it . Yes - that 's exactly what I was talking about ... and now you 've snapped off the antenna . The radio still worked fine according to him - he still listens to it with his headphones and feels so grown up . Since I was n't `` making do '' and had bought a brand new one , it would have been nice to show him how to play his cd 's . He much prefers ` real ' versus pretend or overpriced plastic name brand kid toys . Maybe I will look at walkman types next time , but this was definitely a total waste of money , even if he does still use the radio -- hey , any plug in electronic toy that still works 7 weeks later is maybe not all bad!I do n't recommend this - primarily because it did n't work out of the box , but it did n't hold up long enough to repackage and return it either . Had the cd player worked to begin with , I 'd have given it a better rating .
 Product came without a power cord . Disappointing , this is normally a standard item in all electronics . Paid extra for power cord and not to mention the inconvenience for the elderly gift recipient .
 I bought this radio as a Christmas gift for my seven year old son . The CD player did not work . It was a bummer . Also , when I bought it I did not know that is was a refurbished unit .
 We purchased 6 of these for our elementary school classrooms . The trigger that pushes down the sensor that tells the unit when the CD lid is closed seems to be microns too short , and you have to slam down the lid to make this sensor actually sense . Sometimes it will think the lid opens while playing a CD , which is a nuisance . If you need it for the radio , this should do the trick , but if you want to play CD 's , you could probably find something better .
 The buttons does not work after a month or so . The sound is very tinny ... but that 's what you get for a small cd player . However , the buttons not working is really bad thing -- you can not use the play button properly -- have to press it several times and then maybe it works.Do not buy it ...
 I bought this item in the hopes that it would do two simple things . 1 . allow me to use the radio and 2 . play a cd . I have had problems with both . It is almost impossible to find any fm channels and when I play a cd it starts clicking . The seller sent the item quite promptly which was the only good part of this transaction . For a bit more money , get something better .
 The CD player just stopped working after only a few months of use . It is n't expensive but now I have to buy something else . Do n't waste your time .
 I purchased this item to use for one purpose , to play cds for our baby during bedtime . We kept one cd in the player , and rarely ever changed it out . I mention this to highlight the fact that the player did not undergo a constant changing out of cds or pressing of various buttons . Despite this , the player stopped playing cds after three months . It was kept in a stationary position , used only once a day in the evening and yet it did not hold up . The speaker quality was average at best . It now sits in the garage gathering dust , and will most likely be tossed out with the garbage .
 I bought this for my 6 year old son for Christmas last year . I did n't want to spend too much since he is so young . Holy guacamole ... what a waste of money . For $ 10 more I could have gotten something that worked . The radio capabilities are abysmal . Not one radio station comes in clearly . I have no idea why this is as we live in the city and our signals are strong . The sound quality for the cd player is poor , but at least it does n't sound like the speakers are blown . The antenna broke off within the first 2 months . Partly because we could n't get any reception so the antenna was moved frequently . I do like the shuffle , repeat . All in all you 'd be better off spending a few more dollars . We 're tossing this and getting him a new one for Christmas .
 Worked for a week and then started having issues . Stopped altogether after a month . Landfill special now . Bummer .
 Very disappointed with the sound quality . -LRB- Am not a fussy sound quality person . -RRB- The footprint is also very large . The price was excellent but not worth it . I purchased it to listen to audio books .
 Great looking product at a fantastic price ... but , sound quality is just ` ok ' , and , when in ` CD ' mode , it has an annoying hum if nothing is playing or if the volume is low . Also - my 19 month old son was able to snap the antenna off in a matter of seconds ... you get what you pay for ! I am extremely disappointed & will not be buying another Coby anytime soon !
 Purchased this from amazon on 4/7/11 and the cd player completely stopped working on 6/5/11 . Not even 2 months from the date I ordered it ! I only purchased it for my son to use at night for his cds . Very unhappy with this product . Called Coby today and they will give me a replacement cd player but I have to send them $ 10 plus pay for shipping the product back . Not sure if I want to spend more money on this product . Do n't buy it !!!!
 We received the item in a timely fashion ... that was the only plus ... We called the vendor . We were told that we could not receive a refund ... If we wanted to have the item inspected , return it on our dime plus send them a $ 6 money order , no check , and they will consider what they might do ... After the 10 minute lecture we decided what we will do . THE ITEM IN QUESTION IS NOW SLEEPING WITH THE FISH . This is thefirst failure of Amazon . `` fool me once , shame on me ... fool me twice ...
 Add me to the growing list of people who bought this item and had it work as advertised for a short time then come to a rapid and sudden halt . Bought this to play music in my kids room at night and it worked for about 8 nights then suddenly would n't play anything . We tried switching CDs a few times , going to battery power , going to FM then back to the CD and nothing worked . RMA back to Amazon . Big props for Amazon customer service but not for this item .
 Sadly the antennae on this broke within 2 weeks . It never had extreme wear , it just fell off.It ran through batteries quickly . The only way we could use it was being plugged into the wall , which kind of defeats the point of purchasing a portable radio.I ended up giving it to my daughter to play CDs on for which it works alright . The sound is decent.Wouldn ' t buy again . I would spend a bit more and purchase something higher quality .
 right after receiving the CD Radio , i tried it out and it couldnt play any CD music that i have , and guess what , it is brand new . I hope Coby will review their product before they sell them out to the market
 I purchased this in August with a bunch of other items from Amazon but did n't give it as a gift until just recently . It barely worked initially and now after 3 or 4 uses it has stopped working altogether .
 I did n't want to pay a lot for a CD player and got what I deserved - a CD player that did n't work well from the start until it finally started skipping so much I could no longer use it -- just 5 days after purchase !! I learned my lesson and got a CD player for twice the price . So far so good .
 I purchased this because it was cute and little , perfect for my daughter 's bedroom . I RETURNED this because it had very little volume control and the sound quality was AWFUL .
 I did n't want any fancy features , just a CD player and radio with built-in speakers . The sound quality was decent for the price . Unfortunately , the CD player would intermittently stop working . I had the item for less than 30 days and returned it . I do n't expect such a low price item to last forever , but would expect a lifespan greater than 30 days .
 Words can not describe what a waste of money this CD player is . Mine stopped working properly only 24 hours after I bought it . I now get an `` error '' message every time it plays one or two songs and then it shuts down . A week later it started skipping -LRB- and I know it 's not my CDs because I 've tried multiple -RRB- . I 'm going to spend a few more dollars and buy something else that lasts !!
 I was not impressed with this CD player . It has a tinny sound to it and the volume is limited . Would not be good for the outdoors , where I bought it for . The CD player skips , so I know this is a defective unit thus far . The radio reception is also sub-par . Some of the markings -LRB- decals -RRB- are rubbed off and the unit had some scratches on it like it was a return or refurb . Will most likely return it to Amazon .
 Do n't waste your money . I purchased two for my kids and the CD player on both just stopped working . One died in a year , the other in less than two years . I 'm upset because this is an item that should last much longer , my kid 's both want new ones and I 'm just not made of money to run out and replace . This product should be taken off the market . I was forced to give it one star . It deserves no stars .
 The radio part works great.But , the CD part does not work at all.I called tech.support and they said send it to them.Forget it.I did not pay that much for this item.I will take it as a lost.And i will find another one .
 The DVD/Radio only worked in part . The DVD player never worked , no matter what we did .
 Broken when I got the product . The company it came from , AmericanRX , outsources thier customer service and the emails back and forth are not readable . The player was only $ 18 and they want me to pay shipping both ways to have the defective item replaced . I will make sure I only order Amazon products from now on .
 It 's hard to review something that does n't work.It never has and it now has a new home in the recycling plant.Thanks COBY !!!
 I bought this item for my wife . She open that box and take it out and kept on her table . Lateron when she wants to use it she turn it on . Noene of the items works . Nor CD or Radio works . I tried to return the items but the return date expire . DO NOT BUY cheap items . DO NOT BUY DO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDO NOT BUYDo n't waste your money
 I was only able to use the CD player once , and could never get it to work after that , then I started having trouble with the radio and finally threw it away !! I wil NEVER order electronics off the internet again !!!
 The CD Portable player broke after having it for 2 months . CDs do not play anymore . Had to throw it out ... Waste of a electronics .
 Purchased in February , started skipping cd 's in April . Gets really hot and the disc under the lid is loose . Ca n't return now due to Amazon 's short return window ! One star because the FM radio plays . Considering I only play cd 's at night , this was a waste of money , time .
 I have purchased 2 of these players now . I purchased one last summer for my daughter 's room -LRB- only worked for 4 months -RRB- and then a second one to replace it , as it was out of warranty and I thought the player was relatively inexpensive . The second one I made sure was out of my daughter 's reach so that I could be sure that we were gentle with it , and it only lasted 6 months . While the sound was decent for the price , both of the players just abruptly stopped working one day and the only time I used it was for soothing music at night before she goes to bed .
 I bought this because the price was good and it was nice and small , fit on my counter . I used it an average of two times a week to listen to a few chapters of books on CD while I was in the kitchen doing cleaning that would take a while . It lasted from October to April . Now it is too late to return it and the darn thing will not play any CDs , even brand new CDs or CDs that play perfectly well on other CD players . This is cheap and poorly made . What a waste of money .
 Bought this for my sons ' room . They only listen to cds when they go to bed and the cd player quit working after 2 months . We bought one for my daughter 's room as well and the cd player makes the cds skip so bad that it is not worth having the music on . Very disappointed in the item . We should have just spent more money and gotten a better more reliable music player for our young children .
 Purchased two CXCD240 units for my boys for Christmas . Within 6 months , BOTH have battery corrosion - ruining spots on our carpet . Both had Duracell batteries and Coby refused to accept responsibility and replace units .
 This radio just do n't work for me it plays but do n't come in clear at work . I gave it to a friend for her to take on vacation with her .
 This CD player is not only cheap in cost , it is cheap in workmanship ~ I could play CDs on it for one day . That 's it . After that I would have to turn it on , off , it would spin but rarely play . Then , once it would play , it would error out about halfway through the CD . That was such a headache that I finally gave up and I guess the machine gave up to , since it does n't play any CDs now . The radio is a cheap one but nothing that I did n't expect . It works and I use it sometimes , but gets in very few stations.I tried a variety of CDs , and even brand new ones right out of the packaging . Nothing worked . What a waste of my money . Now I am back on Amazon trying to find another CD player .
 I never leave reviews because I 'm usually very happy or at least satisfied with things I purchase , however , this item is really a waste of money for what I needed it for . I purchased it for my 5 year old so that he can carrying it around and listen to his cd 's . The cd player does not work well if I can get it to work at all . I have to slam the cd door several times for it to turn on and sometimes , I just give up . Unfortunately , with my busy schedule , I did not have time to return it so we just use it to listen to the radio ... a waste since he already has a larger radio .
 i ignored the reviews that stated this portable cd player was a piece of junk . Well , surprise , surprise ... it is a piece of junk . Broke about 5 min . after i unpacked it ! Played three songs on a cd and I heard a pop sound and the smell of an electrical fire . YES , I said electrical fire ! I should have known something was up because before each song played , it made a honking sound . Thought it was the CD , but apparently not.DON ' T WASTE YOUR TIME and MONEY !
 Now that I 've looked through all the reviews for this CD player , I 'd like to kick myself in the pants . I wish there was a `` no stars '' button . I bought it because it 's cute , sleek and easy to carry around the house with me . When I finally received it , I was thrilled with the appearance , but when I went to try it out the CDs would n't play . I tried several different Cds and it whirrs them around for about a minute and then gives an error message . Now I get to go through the hassle of returning it and claiming a refund . DO NOT buy this product , spend a little more cash and get something that will actually work !
 Actually , it 's more of a hum . Volume is OK and radio reception is fair but just turning it on your stuck with this annoying hum so you really ca n't enjoy music if you play with the volume low .
 Before beginning my search for a third radio in less than a year I want to warn consumers about this radio . When I received it the tuner indicator did not work . Rather than go through the hassle of returning it , I decided to live with it . Unfortunately it was n't long after that that the radio just quit . After purchasing two multi-function Radio/CD/MP3 players under $ 50 on Amazon , I 'm disappointed . When purchased these items had mostly good reviews . The experience has led me away from Emerson and Colby products and to buy single function products , e.g. , a radio , a cd player when shopping for a device under $ 50 .
 It 's easy to use , and my daughter loves having it in her room . However , when there 's no music playing , you can very easily hear the sound of electrical wiring buzzing throughout the room . It 's an incredibly annoying sound ! We decided to buy another CD player that did n't make such a horrible noise .
 I used this for 3 days and all of a sudden it stopped playing CDs and tried to tell me there is no CD in it ... It was a new CD I just bought for my daughter with no scratches or dust on it but it still refused to play it ... I returned it right away .
 We bought this unit for my daughter 's room -LRB- she 's a year old -RRB- . This unit has a loud hum ALL THE TIME even when it 's off . As long as it 's plugged in it 's humming ! We 've been using it for about a year and it 's already broken ! Very disappointed in it .
 I purchase this radio in June and the CD player was DOA in July . Save your money and buy another product .
 Just bought this a little over a week ago to play nursery rymes in my babies room . It has already stopped working .
 please do n't buy this piece of junk . it never worked new , right out of the box . it is the cheapest piece of plastic garbage i have ever bought . do n't be lured in by this low price like i did ... sometimes you do get what you pay for . what a piece of CRAP !!! amazon should pull this product off their site .
 I bought this to play CDs in the baby room , but that feature broke within a month . It wo n't recognize that a CD is in . It is now used to listen to NPR occasionally , but the radio reception is not great either . While it was not broken , I enjoyed its portability and small footprint .
 Bought this for my mom to take to another country , and CD did not work . We forgot to try it here in US before she left . Now she is using just for the Radio part . Too much hustle to bring back to US to send it for a return . BUYERS be aware about the CD problem .
 I bought one of these for playing CDs . After a month or so of ordinary use , it stopped working . I had made the mistake of buying a second of these Jensen CD players right after purcasing the first one , to give to a friend , but I began using it myself to replace the first , now defunct CD player . In even less than a month it , too , stopped working . The CD plyer will not read the CD . I replaced the trashy Jensens with an equivalent Colby player nearly 4 moths ago and the Colby still works fine . Jensen is now on my `` BEWARE '' list .
 All of the major adjustment controls -LRB- volume & radio station -RRB- are placed so far back that it 's very hard to use . I hate the placement of the controls and the fact that it has no bass . Good for books on tape , but not music . I hate having to reach around it to find the volume and station dials . I always have to pull the whole thing toward me . Weak speakers . See how the speaker goes all the way ` round to the back ? Well , the volume and the radio station controls are at the back of those speakers . Too far back !!
 I have used this cd player for about 3 weeks for 20 minutes a day -LRB- played a cd before my baby went to sleep -RRB- . It broke , so I tried contacting the customer service . It took 6 times -LRB- about 20 minutes each time ! -RRB- before anyone even answered !! Man that I spoke with was probably the most rude customer service person that I have even meet in my entire life ! Told me to send the product back to them AT MY COST and they will review and replace it . Did n't give me a reference number ! I was so annoyed that I only asked if I mail it to the address on the COBY website . He said yes ! I waited about a month , was on hold again for 20 minutes . When I finally got him on the phone again , he said they never received it , that I sent it to the wrong address . I am so frustrated with the whole situation . It 's not about the $ 30 , but about a company that does n't stand behind their product ! I have lost money that I paid for it , plus shipping ! very dissapointed !
 Do n't waste the money . My cd player quit after 6 mos and customer service refused to replace it . When 1/2 of a product 's reviews are 1-2 star then buyer beware . Coby makes junk electronics . Spend your money on Sony , Toshiba or something reputable .
 This is a piece of crap . Do n't buy it . The two we 've gotten have both had their internal gearing fail . We bought a second because we thought the first was possibly a lemon .
 I purchased this for my 19 month old who loves to listen to music . This player was rarely ever moved from where it sat . I think we relocated twice for about an hour so there was hardly any handling . After two months of using it a few times a week it started skipping and now it has completely stopped working ! The sound quality was not very good to begin with but she 's 19 months so it was easy to look past that but now its completely useless . Total waste of money ! Very disappointing .
 I have used the boom box for about a month and it works fine . I use it for approximately 3-12 hours per day . So far I have only used store-bought cds . The black and silver machine matches my kitchen and looks attractive.EDIT
 Worked for a week and broke . Not reliable at all . Decided to go with a different brand . There is a lack of a smple and reliable boombox in market after all small digital media players have invaded the market .
 Had this for less than a year , and it received VERY minimal use in the first couple of months . I recently started to use it nightly to play lullabies at bedtime for my infant , and after about 2 weeks , the CD player just stopped working - in the middle of a song . -LRB- and no , it was not the CD - tried various ways to see if it would work -RRB- It was a cheap purchase , so I guess I got what I paid for . However I really would have thought it would have lasted a little longer . Now I will be getting another cd player but will spend more for a product that will hopefully be better quality . Should have done that in the first place . Buyer beware of this cheap , poor quality product .
 This is a cheaply made and poor quality product which failed 4 months after purchase just outside of the warranty . I would not recommend it at all
 This portable CD player was purchased for a teacher to play standardized audio tests to K-12 students . The CD function stopped working approximately 6 weeks following Christmas . This was one week longer than the Amazon return so I am left with a portable radio I do n't need and a non-working CD player . Of course the CD player was tested when it was first opened and packaging materials discarded when everything tested as working . This unit is made in China where quality control is a known issue for some items.I called Coby and was told the unit has a 90 day warranty but they want $ 10 for return shipping . Who would trust them with more money when the unit failed ?!
 I ordered this cd player for my baby 's room . After 2 months of listening to a cd each night before bed the player stopped working completely . I missed the return window -LRB- only one month -RRB- . Do not waste your money on this piece of junk .
 only a couple of weeks and it 's broken - skips and scratches the CDs . also annoying , arrived without power cord . do not buy this products . it 's a waste of money ! volume does n't work . radio works . that 's it . not even worth 1 star
 My husband bought this for our 6 year old daughter . She was thrilled , but within weeks the CD player stopped working . She is very gentle and never had a problem with her previous CD player , so I think this unit was faulty .
 CD player died after 4 or 5 uses , this product is a waste of money !!
 This CD player is nice when it works , but sometimes the CD just spins and I get an error message on the screen .
 Got the Archos 504 for my granddaughter wasted hours and days trying to make it work properly , mind you I own an Archos 705 and the new Archos 7 , they both work great , the 504 though is another story it freezes most of the time and the internal speaker is raspy , this unit is not worth your time you will hate it , do yourself a favor and buy the 705 or the new Archos 7 you will love them and thank me . I wish Archos would recall the 504 it 's a stone age annoying clunker .
 The plastic cracked on me . . not while I am installing it but it got cracked over time . . did n't even run that long . . I am glade I opened my case to do regular check up and I found a lake under my VGA card . . I am glade my computer survived ! Guys get a better brand . . the installation was n't smart and it was n't effective . . not hard to install but it could been better .
 I bought about some of these from ebay but since ebay does n't have a good product review system I decided to post here . They will work perfectly fine at first . Mine worked for maybe 8 months before they started to degrade and crack . Thankfully my servers were using different water blocks so it was never an issue for those computers.They WILL CRACK EVENTUALLY . When they cracked finally , they were n't even installed . One was in my closet and one was in the garage , both crumbled upon picking them up .
 Title says it all . DVD drive worked fine from when I bought it AUG 06 until it stopped spinning discs SEPT 09 . This is the industrial world we live in and can not expect anything to last very long .
 I had high hopes for this device -- sadly it is useless . -LRB- One star is too good for this product . This system would not let me select zero stars -RRB- Thank goodness it was cheap . My first clue was the arm band -- it was mis-sewn with the velcro on the wrong sides to meet properly . Not really a big deal , but Coby said I had to pay postage in and back to have it replaced ! 2ndly and more importantly , the reception is awful -- Almost shockingly I ca n't receive ANY radio stations -LRB- AM or FM -RRB- in Chicago and only a couple in Minneapolis , among others . I 'd have more luck trying to tune in radio stations with my teeth wearing tin foil on my head . If it is a faulty unit , I will never know -- the company wants me to again pay postage in and back to get a new one , though under warranty . That will basically cost as much as a new one , and I do n't want to waste more money on a likely useless product . I will not be buying any more Coby products .
 The radio has very poor reception . Really I do n't know if I would recommend , but the product os not so good ...
 Although description does not mention TV tunning , the image is misleading since it shows `` TV '' besides AM and FM . Future buyers should know ; what you see is not what you get . I will have to buy another unit with TV tunning for the gym .
 I have ordered this Coby CX-96 arm band radio about 1 month ago . They sent to me first time damaged Coby CX-96 . I informed amazon.com about this problem . Than amazon sent to me new one Coby CX-96 for free , I was vary pleased BUT after that they request to send back the damaged Coby CX-96 . I wrote that in our poor country we have not such a service and I could ' t send back Coby CX-96 and I ask them not to charge my credit card because it was their mistake . BUT they did not foresee my trouble and my request and charge my credit card . They have the worst service I have ever seen . BE CAREFUL NOT TO HAVE SUCH A PROBLEM WITH AMAZON !!! I AM VARY ANGRY !!!!!!!!!!
 The ear phones broke the first week I purchased the device . Do n't waste your money .
 We bought this for our GYM time but this has got a really bad reception and sound qaulity . Not recommended .
 What makes a radio a ` Sport ' radio ? Does the mere fact that it will fit in your pocket or come with a terrible armband -LRB- which broke after 10 days -RRB- qualify ? In my mind a ` Sport ' radio must have one very important feature
 Got this for the gym to listen to the TV broadcasting ... did n't work at all . Every station was completely staticy ... sent it back immediately for a refund !
 For the price , I got what I paid for , it does n't receive stations very well and does n't sync with TVs at the gym
 Was looking for a good , digital AM/FM radio of minimal size . This one 's features looked great . I had good luck with Coby products in the past but this model was a letdown . It was a bit bigger than I hoped . The digital tuning feature works good but it 's a little too battery hungry for my taste . A BIG drawback I see though is that the print labeling on the soft touch-pad type controls started to wear off within 2 weeks of -LRB- not heavy -RRB- use . For the money , look elsewhere . This one will not hold up .
 Bought this because one reviewer said it picked up distant stations . It does not . I normally use a Sony personal radio that I wanted to replace , the Sony was better .
 I had one of these for several years and it performed fine and met my expectations . So when it died , I just ordered another one . Well , the replacement never even powered up out of the box - just sat there no matter how many new batteries I put in or buttons I pushed . Just figured it was a `` lemon '' and used Amazons excellent exchange system to get another one . Well , the replacement for the replacement worked fine out of the box , BUT when I wear it while I 'm working for more than a couple of hours , it just suddenly stops working - NO SOUND , BUTTONS DO N'T FUNCTION , NOTHING ! I do n't know if its the heat -LRB- approx . 90 degrees outside here -RRB- or the continuous use or a combination of both . If I let it sit over night , it works fine again in the morning , BUT THEN QUITS AGAIN after a couple hours use !!! I can wear it for an hour while I play basketball , jog , etc. . No problem ! But if i try to leave it on for several hours while I 'm working outside , it just decides to quit !! Maybe the very first one I had for years was the exception . I am looking at more expensive and hopefully more reliable clip-on radio - I hear the Sagean 's are a good brand ??? I 'm done with Coby !!
 I bought this radio primarily to be used during my hikes . The reception goes from pretty bad to awful as we go farther into the hike.The mechanism used to attach the radio to the armpiecs is flimsy and the radio keeps getting disengaged from the armband.Avoid this model .
 I just listen to AM Sports Talk radio to and from work . This does not pick up stations well at all . Spend a little more money on something better , you will be happier .
 There 's not much more I can add to that , except to provide some details . Principally , it it ca n't provide a clear signal for powerful stations in Boston . For instance , WGBH is has such a good signal that you can get it 50 miles away in your car , but right here in town , the Coby can barely pick it up , and if you run by a building , the signal fuzzes out . Most annoyingly , the Coby randomly switches bands on its own so that for instance you 'll have it set on WGBH -LRB- 89.7 -RRB- , and it will just switch you to 89.6 , again causing the signal to deteriorate . It 's pretty much the worst radio I 've ever encountered .
 I bought this little radio because the gym that I go to broadcasts their TV channels over FM radio , so I just wanted a simple radio with an FM tuner - nothing fancy . This device did n't even meet those standards , which I thought were pretty low to begin with . I have used this less than 20 times and have already had to replace the batteries once , and it 's to the point where I ca n't read the display at all so I have no idea what station I 'm listening to . The only time I can read the display is when it 's turned off . I consider myself to be pretty decent when it comes to programming devices -LRB- VCRs , TVs , clocks , etc -RRB- but I really could n't figure out how to set the memory channels . I will be throwing this away today because I 'm absolutely tired of fighting with this thing . Do n't buy . Spend $ 5 more and get something that 's worth the money .
 I was happy with it initially , but the tuning started to go out intermittently . I discovered that tuning problem was due to the unit getting warm . This is a serious design flaw since the unit is black and gets warm in the sun . Being a `` sport '' device , it should be able to function outdoors .
 I purchased this item to listen to the game on AM while at the gym . I was not able to get the local station to come in at the gym or at home . I tried while camping as well . I was not able to get any AM stations to come in anywhere . The FM side seemed to work great , but that is not what I bought it for . Other negative points are that you have to scan through all 10 preset to find the one you want , the volume is a little loud on the lowest setting , and the arm band is a little goofy at first to figure out .
 There are a number of problems with this radio . It 's as if someone just slapped this together without any fore thought . For instance , the arm band has all the velcro on the same side . This means that when you wrap it around your arm , you have to twist it , or you end up with velcro on a smooth surface . My main problem is with the controls . In order to change channels , you have to cycle through the whole 10 presets in order . In other words , if you 're on channel 2 , and want to get to channel 1 , you have to go from 3 through 10 , and then to one . There is a button for the band , and you can just switch between the same two AM and FM channels , but if you listen to more than two , it takes an effort . If you 're jogging or bicycling , it takes away from the fun . The sound is n't too bad , but nothing to write home about .
 The radio works fine , but the armband is worthless . The sewing of the velcro is incorrect and does not attach !
 I 'm having a hard time saying something good about this radio . The earbuds area joke . The reception was n't very good on any station , and I live in a major metropolitan area . The volume levels are not very sensitive , it 's either too loud or not loud enough . The process of setting the station presets is fairly complicated . I only had mine for about two weeks , before I was fumbling with it -LRB- awkwardly trying to change stations while on a run -RRB- and dropped it on the sidewalk . When I turned it back on , all I could hear was a loud buzzing sound . Fed up , I tossed it in a garbage can and continued on my way . The only thing I miss are the batteries . The only good thing I can say is that the armband works great . You just have to to have a loop of velcro through both ends of the radio -LRB- there will be a closure on both ends with the fuzzy side out -RRB- . All things considered , it 's still a cheap radio ...
 I was looking for a less expensive radio to pick up AM channels for sporting events and what I ended up with is a very poor product . First the ear buds stopped working , then the whole radio stopped working . It was not worth the box it arrived in .
 I purchased the Coby CX-96 to use for local broadcasts in my gym -- basically to hear the broadcasts from the TV monitors . I figured , despite the criticisms I read here , that it would be good enough for my purposes . It is n't . My gym broadcasts on three channels . This unit picks up only one of these and it receives it over a wide range of its different digital channels . I 'm still using it as the sound is okay and the one channel it gets is useful for me , I guess , but I am basically shocked that the product is as poor and ineffective as it has turned out to be . I 've also found the arm band to be completely useless . It 's not strong enough to hold onto my arm . If you tried to make a bad product , this would be it.It 's not a good value at any price . If you get one for free , you might consider keeping it .
 Radio could not lock on to a very strong FM signal for more than a few seconds at a time . ANY movement broke the signal . Even when the signal was locked on to the reception and volume was not was useable !
 bad design for the attach belt , it is o way to work out to attach on arms.plus FM radio quality is not acceptable
 Worked great for the first two months , then the tuner quit functioning . I would change the channel and the station numbers would change , but it had no effect on the actual reception . I would just get a mix of random stations and a lot of static . It is now useless.I strongly recommend not to buy .
 I do n't often complain , but this Coby radio did not work in two ways and had to be pitched after the first session in the gym . First , the velco armband was sewn together incorrectly with the velco on backwards so that the elastic band would not stay on my arm . I had to duct tape the band together since the velco closure had the sticky and smooth sides oriented incorrectly . When I took it to the gym , it broke after the first twenty minutes . The volume control , on/off button -LRB- as well as all other controls -RRB- completely failed to function . I had to remove the batteries in order to turn it off . Since I paid only $ 16 for this piece of junk , it was not worth the effort and time return it . Look elsewhere for a workout radio .
 Price is cheap but so is the performance . I stopped listening to AM stations because of the constant fading in and out . To my disappointment FM had the same problem . If you 're standing still it works fairly well , but walking or jogging will drive one insane . The radio size is a bit on the large side and the strap would possibly fit better if I had a larger arm diameter . I will say that the UI is very easy to use and presets are nice way to skip the radio commercials . One last note
 I bought three Viewsonic monitors over the past three years -LRB- PS790 , GS790-2 , and E771 -RRB- , and man , what a huge mistake ! They are all dead now while ten-year old Dell monitors are still kicking.Don ' t expect it to last long , if you buy one . I will never ever buy any Viewsonic brand in my life time !
 This product does not do what I needed it to do . I needed a cable to go from my laptop to project the screen onto my HDTV because my laptop screen is no longer functioning . This cable was recommended to me for this purpose , but the only thing I see on my TV screen is black . The reviews were all over the place in that some people got it to work and others did n't . It would be nice to know which laptop models work with this cable and the true use of the cable .
 should have read all the reviews because if i had , i would not have bought this junk . will think twice about using amazon to buy cables . not sure who is to blame , amazon for listing this junk even with all the bad reviews just to make a buck !! or the seller for giving bad details .
 After finally hooking this wire from my projector to my DVD player the only color I get is green . There is a problem with the red and blue coming through . Terrible wire ... I would not purchase it
 If you are looking for a simple way to connect your laptop to your television then do your homework . Do not buy this product , otherwise ... like many other reviews , I feel like another sucker with a POS wire with no discernible purpose .
 Does n't work tried it on three different tv 's and got weerd lines with all resolutions tried interlaced and progressive scan .
 Since i bought this cord i have been trying to connect it from my laptop to several RCA Tv connections and i could not find the way to get it work ! if somebody did it please help me on this matter cause i bought a cord that ca n't use at all and i fell that i loose my money as i live outside U.S. and i ca n't claim a money back reward . my email is as juliopenab@hotmail.com thanks
 Purchased this cable for viewing TV on my Viewsonic projector . Great picture when I first hooked it up . Next day I got horrible picture with lots of distortion . Had to remove it and put my old cables back up . I guess you get what you pay for with this one . Spend a little more money on a better cable . Searching for an alternative .
 I was trying to attach my projector to my laptop , the laptop has the connection ports but the only ports in the projector are AVG , I thought this wire was going to work but it didnt . Either im doing it wrong or for some reason this is not working . Can anyone offer some insight into what I can do or would need to hook an AVG projector to my laptop ?
 LA NOVEDAD ES QUE TE ENV&Iacute;A OTRO PRODUCTO QUE NO TE SIRVE , LA LONGITUD O TAMA&N tilde ;O DEL CABLE QUE DICE 25 PIES O 7.62 M NO ES VERDAD NO LLEGA NI A 5 .
 Hooking this up to your splitter , DVD player , equalizer , or TV does nto work . Do n't be fooled . Not sure what you need to hook up Netflix and Hulu etc from your PC to your TV but it is most definitely NOT this thing though it seems like it would work to the layman .
 I was attemping to connect a laptop to my HD-Plasma TV . I was unable to get the laptop video signal to the TV .
 I purchased this product to use with my laptop , for displaying presentations on a television w/o a projector . Unfortunately , I was not able to get it to work . There was an image , but it was shaky and not clear at all . Changing the image or screen resolution did nothing to solve the problem . Now I have a cord that I basically ca n't use . Disappointing .
 VGA is analog , whereas RGB is digital . This wo n't work for connecting video from monitor to monitor or tv . From what I was told this cable does n't even have an applicable use without a converter . I read the reviews and thought the negatives were n't as tech saavy as I. Well , look at me now . I 'm not asking for a refund because a tore the cable apart and spliced it with a digital end , as the cables inside are RGB , so this guy stuck a VGA end on a Digital cable . Do n't buy this unless you want a digital cable to splice .
 This cable does not convert VGA to RCA -- what it will do is convert your component -LRB- like maybe on a DVD player -RRB- output to a VGA input . I feel like I got ripped off here . I wish I had read the other reviews more carefully .
 Like many , I simply wanted something to connect my laptop to an HDTV and purchased this -LRB- foolishly -RRB- without doing much research because it was cheap and seemed like a simple thing to do . Now I realize that you ca n't really go from analog to digital in this manner , although it is possible to go the other way . Which leads me to my problem with this product
 I 'm not sure if it is just my luck or if this item is useless but it does not work . So I suggest that BEFORE you buy it you think very hard if its going to work . I would say ask the seller for guidance but in my case I think my seller was based in Asia so the communication skills that I found was rather disappointing.Good luck to you and take care .
 when i got this wire , installed it , it worked for a few minutes then color on projector turned green , i touched wire , it turned back to normal , after a while it turned green again , bad construction ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS , IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY !! I tried this cable withtwo laptops and neither one worked . The seller blamed it on not havinga dedicated video card , but one does . The seller did offer to refund mymoney if I would send the cable back , but I doubt that would happen plusit 's not worth the shipping . I will never buy anything from this guyagain .
 i bout this item to use with my tv , since it dosnt have an hdmi port . apparently this wire is made for projectors but that should be said in its description ... so DONT get this wire for use on a tv .
 Tried the cable on two different HDTV 's and two different laptops . It simply did n't work . The TV 's went blank and said they were n't receiving a signal . Ended up buying a Belkin VGA to VGA cable and it worked perfectly .
 Do n't buy this product unless you plan to use it on an HDTV set , I tried using it on a standard TV but all I got are a black and white picture and scrambled . Not worth wasting the money .
 the zippered access areas in the back are badly designed and make it nearly impossible to get to the battery leads to hook your charger up too . also it would have been nice to have the round ice transducer &#34; cup &#34; built into the base of the unit for storing one of those . otherwise it was easy to set up , and i like the quick disconnect for the transducer cable .
 There were crucial parts missing for the mounting base . I 'm contacting Humminbird to get those parts . This was a Christmas gift .
 This camera has a VERY slow shutter response . It is impossible to take action pictures , but works well for stills . The pictures are good quality . The lag time appears to be 20-30 seconds . Imagine being at a birthday party and having to wait 30 seconds before taking the next shot every time . This camera is a battery hog . Also , HP does not repair their cameras , nor will anyone else touch them . They offer either to 1 -RRB- give you the same camera refurbished or 2 -RRB- give you an upgraded version of a similiar camera refurbished . In the case of the Photosmart 945 , the camera has been discontinued and they will only offer option # 2 . My `` upgrade '' offer was for a $ 220 refurbished camera .
 I was excited to receive the photo studio in a box , for a great price . But , I had to return it because the lights gave off the worst chemical burning smell . We had to air out the whole house . The lights were not sturdy and I feared they may be a fire hazard . The felt fabric that it came with had creases in them and made for unattractive photos . I learned that you get what you pay for .
 sold w/out any way to charge or load music . apparently that is now considered an accessory . recently found a charger for a whopping $ 1.19 . would have been happy to pay that or even a little more to have something that was usable upon delivery .
 The product arrived as described , with headphones and in good aesthetic condition . However , when I hooked it up to the computer -LRB- windows -RRB- , it was not recognized . A green light on the iPod indicated that it did in fact work and was on/charging . Maybe it 's because the iPod is so old or something else I 'm unaware of , but I was thoroughly disappointed that it did n't work as expected . I visited apple 's website and tried the suggested troubleshooting but to no avail .
 It did not work from the start . Went to the Apple site for help , which was very good , but the shuffle did not work after using the help ! Aarrrrgh
 I dont think this is worth the cost and u can find better product for this cost.No feature to see which song its playing , no option to move to desired song -LRB- just press next , next . . in sequencial and in random u just have to listen whatever is plays -RRB- , no drag drop facility have to use itunes , itunes tied to specific pc , just 1gb , etc , etc and i can keep on listing.The two star is given for its compact , sound quality and if you pause and switch off in middle and start again it resumes properly otherwise 1 starI may suggest this for $ 5-10 not for $ 45 ...
 I used to have the more expensive Nano , but moved to a shuffle , because after replacing 2 Nanos I decided the price tag was too high for something I would need to replace every year or two . At one point in time iTunes would autosync my Podcasts and Books on Pod . At this point when I try to sync my free podcasts I get the message
 I thought this was a very neat product . I bought it in September of 2008 . It 's now dead . Wo n't charge . It was really a very nice design for working out . I used it everywhere . My only complaint really is that you have to use the Apple Itunes product to synch it up , and that 's kind of annoying . If you have wma files , then Itunes has to convert them.You get decent battery life per charge . I 'd say at least 8 hours.But here 's the deal
 The iPod works fine , but it was advertised as being unused -- it had been used and the old music had not been swiped when I got it . It also took forever to arrive -- about 6 weeks .
 After loading some songs for my granddaughter , her mother could n't add or delete using her computer . I tried to find out what the problem could be , but the Itune software was corrupted and after reloading -LRB- which a lenghty process -RRB- I still had problems with the ipod . So I did n't loose any of her songs I tried to backup to disc -LRB- -LRB- dvd -RRB- , all I got was a ruined disc which could be read . I spent too much time now on this , I probably have to call the 800 number and talk to some guy in Singapur . The online help pages are useless , very unorganized ... their main interest is to sell you some I-Tunes .
 My husband and I both could n't get this to download all the music we wanted . The ones that did download were cut off in the middle of the songs ! It was very frustrating . I wound up going to the Apple store at our local mall and buying the 2GB version . THAT one works just fine .
 I have now purchased TWO of these and cant get them to charge via my USB connection . The ITunes Assistant has NEVER appeared when I plug it in , so I cant set it properly , anyone have any ideas ?
 I bought an i pod , from amzon , recently.But i am not vey happy with the product.Ofcourse its working properly , but the packing was not great.There was stains on the box , and inside the box as well.The item was having a smell of a disinfectant.The stains looked like they are from some kind of gum.Altogether the appearence gave me an impression as if it has been used for a couple of months and was packed in adequetly and was shipped in that status.To addd , this is not a complaint , this is my opinion , and i wish amzon would take this positively.I hope to purchase more stuff from amazo , and looking forward to future hoping that they would be in good shape.Sincerly , Preethy jacob
 I 'd love to tell you about this product I ordered on Sept 9 and today is Oct 4 . I 've tried contacting this customer 4 times without response and I still do n't have my product . Amazing how they immediately charged my credit card and ca n't even call me back with my concerns . Soooooooo , if you have money to toss around and time to be patient and even ignored then I 'd suggest going with this company since they 're so customer oriented . Oh and Amazon , what a friggen joke , I was not only continuously on hold to place a complaint but the person did not speak American English well enough for me to understand anything they said . Everytime I asked if I could speak to someone else they 'd continue talking as if reading off a script ... so really , I do n't even know if I 've been issued a credit back to my credit card . I 'll keep you all posted .
 I only had this product for a year and used it at the gym 3-4 times a week . Only 15-20 songs are downloaded on . One day it just stopped working . The product is rubbish and not worth buying .
 I bought the device new and a year later -LRB- just after the warranty expired -RRB- the battery stopped recharging . If I had been using the device every day this might have almost been excusable , but I used it only occasionally , it was essentially brand new . I 'd gotten about 50 hours ' worth of listening time in on it before the thing died . I will not be replacing it with another one .
 The first one I bought I loved . It lasted about 1 year and then suddenly started to die as it would n't turn off . So I figured I 'd buy another one . 3 months later it did the same thing . Sorry , I 'm not getting fooled into buying another one . I 'll take my chances on something else that does n't cost nearly as much .
 The reconditioned Shuffle I purchased was great - for about three uses . Then , in the middle of a song , it went ` clunk ' and stopped working completely . When I went to the seller 's website I found that they do not accept returns after 14 days from purchase . Since I was only using the device about once a week , that period had already elapsed , so I guess I am out of luck . Buyer beware .
 You can buy a ipod shuffle for around $ 48 brand new . They only guarantee the battery for a year and then you can pay $ 49 plus $ 6.95 shipping to have it replaced ! Buy another brand !
 I dislike ipod shuffle when I found this on their web site.Note
 It would appear most have success with this product . Unfortunately , I did n't . Simply put , I ordered two of them for my family and neither one works . iTunes shows both of them as having corrupted hardware . I am returning both of them to Amazon . I will probably purchase directly from an Apple store or buy an mp3 .
 Well we bought one of these things for my fiance 's birthday -LRB- because it was cute ... as all Apple products are -RRB- and within 20 minutes my computer was completely inoperable . Following the super simple installation directions downloaded the required software , installed it on my XP Pro machine and everything seemed fine . I plugged in the ipod and began getting a nagging `` USB Device not recognized '' message . After a reboot the thing seemed to work . I copied a couple of songs to it and -LRB- safely -RRB- ejected the device and was able to listen to the songs . Great success ! But after I returned it to it 's cradle I again get the message about the USB blah blah blah.Could it be that I have to reboot the computer every time I want to use the stupid iPod ? That sucks . So then I reboot again . After the XP splash screen I get ... nothing . That 's right ... nothing . I reboot again . Nothing . And again and again . I remove the ipod from the USB port . Same thing . Safe mode wo n't boot . ERD commander does n't find anything wrong . I finally get it to boot into VGA mode of all things . I manually remove all -LRB- this was the only USB device I had -RRB- usb devices from the registry and reboot . It is noteworthy that with ZERO usb devices detected I am still getting the flashing `` USB Device not recognized '' error every 2 seconds or so . Moving right along.The machine comes back up and begins detecting the USB Root hubs -LRB- as I expected -RRB- and then ... USB DEVICE NOT FREAKIN ' RECOGNIZED ! So after a few hours of trying to fix this computer I decided to re-installWindows . I 'm in computer support and fix Macs and PC 's all day long . I should have known to expect this kind of crap from apple . It really makes me wonder why these Apple Zealots are so high on overpriced garbage . I picked up a creative stone instead . And guess what ? It works like a charm.If I have convinced 1 person to shuffle on past this POS I 've done my job .
 The shuffle is the perfect size to use while running and that 's why I chose it . Unfortunately its a horrible player.It does n't allow use of a standard mini-USB cable to upload songs . It requires the special base that you will need to tote from location to location to access the player and you have to use iTunes software rather than just simple drag-and-drop . Also finding a song can be a pain - you may have to click and listen , click and listen ... . over a hundred times to find your song . I prefer my previous mp3 player that is also very small but allows you to drag and drop , uses a standard mini-USB , does n't require a special base , does n't require proprietary software , and has a small back-lit display to help find specific songs and has an FM radio and was cheaper.I can only recommend the shuffle if you like iTunes software and only need to access the player from one single computer where the base is located .
 Not very happy with my Shuffle purchase . The Shuffle stopped working after 2 months , pretty frustrating . The headphones are fine but the battery wo n't hold a charge . Have had a few other iPods with good experience but not this time .
 I bought this as a replacement to my other shuffle that was accidentally washed . I figured I would purchase the same one because I liked it so much . I got this in the mail and it looked like it was in good shape , but upon use the battery life only lasted about 1.5 hours where my old one would last almost a day without continuous use . Since apple has now put out a new model of the same thing , I recently bought one . These things are tanks otherwise , I use it when I hit the mountains .
 I just tossed an iPod Shuffle -LRB- 2nd generation -RRB- in the trash , after less than a year of light use . Problem ? It suddenly stopped working . Every time I connect it to everybody 's favorite software - iTunes - I 'm told that it is in `` recovery mode . '' iTunes demands that I let it restore the unit . I do , and a few seconds later get the same message - over and over and over . A helpful blogger suggested that I change the drive letter assigned by Windows , which I did , to no effect . Another said to reformat the iPod as a drive . I tried that , and still nothing . Why did I resort to following advice from bloggers ? Because the Apple website was no help whatsoever . I guess the 2nd generation Shuffle is just too old for Apple to bother to stand behind . Oh well . I just gave my daughter the Sandisk Sansa Clip . Almost as simple as the Shuffle , no proprietary software requirement or dock . And I was able to load almost 4gb of music in less than 15 minutes . Oh - it has a radio . You can store non-music files . Wow ! My advice ? Bail on Apple before Apple bails on you !
 The good
 We purchased two of these from Amazon based on the reviews . Loading the itunes software , buying tunes from the itunes site and moving stuff off our existing cds to the ipod were a breeze . Everything was great until we wanted to synch to a different laptop . Then we realized that itunes on the new computer could n't see the contents of the ipod at all ! Sure itunes itself could see what we purchased from the site , but all the other stuff we downloaded from our own library was essentially non-existent . There is information on how to move songs from one computer to another using the ipod as a harddrive but you need the old computer and new computer at hand to do that . If I had the old computer to synch with I would n't need to synch to the new one now would I?I ca n't understand why when you have itunes loaded on two computers you still ca n't move the ipod from one computer to the other and see what songs are loaded on the ipod . These ipods are rated very highly but more than likely from users who have one computer and never change to another computer . I would n't buy these again . I 'd stick to the MP3/windows devices that work off of standard computer protocals . This Apple stuff is very quirky to work with unless you are 100 % apple . They definitely march to their own drummer .
 broke within 2 weeks -- I gave up and no longer listen to music when I run -- went thru 4 shuffles in a month -- not sure if Fl humidity -- now using Ch Running technique and metronome ... wasted my time and money !
 So I got this as a Christmas gift and nobody really knows how much I hate the thing . Why anybody would want one of these is beyond me . You have exactly 2 choices . Option number one is click forward or reverse until you find the song that you want to hear , on a 1GB mp3 player that holds somewheres around 256 songs , you could be clicking up to 128 times -LRB- if the given song you want to hear is at the furthest point from where you currently are and if I am really good at math -RRB- . Your other option is shuffle . Hence the genius name iPod shuffle . `` iPod shuffle '' does sound better than `` iPod press forward a hundred times '' . The other thing that really sucks is the difficulty involved in just adding a song . Its not like a normal mp3 player , where you just open the folder after you plug it in a click and drag songs in . No , you have to use iTunes and have an iLibrary and stuff . What a hassle , I just wanted to add a couple songs before I went out . Whats with all this work involved , `` No I do n't want to update iTunes now I have a job to go to . '' Sometimes I just want to add a song or change something around real quick but its impossible . This whole process is nearly as time consuming as going to the DMV . On the plus side the iPod shuffle comes in a variety of different colors to match the sweater vest you probably put on your dog .
 I have tried everything to see if it is my charger but sadly no . It turns green after a few hours of charging and then I will try to use it and then it suddenly dies .
 I bought this item for my wife so she can listen to music at work because she loses things and this was cheaper than a big new iPod . When I got the item it looked ok but it diddnt even come with a charge cord , how do you do anything without a charge cord . I looked past that because I had a spare one . The iPod would charge but would not sync to iTunes or to the laptop so we tried resetting it , using 3 different computers , two different charge cords , and updating iTunes . NOTHING worked so the item is crap and I am very dissatisfied with my purchase and I discourage anyone from buying from this seller .
 THE GOOD SIDE : The smallest and lightest mp3 player available.THE BAD SIDE :1 . Ridiculously expensive .2 . No radio .3 . No screen .4 . No equalizer .5 . No way to select any options on the player .6 . No way to select what song you want to hear .7 . You HAVE TO have iTunes installed in order to use this player at all .8 . Can only be used with one computer at a time .9 . Plug it on a different computer and all your music will be erased .10 . Cheap earphones with no covers that will start to deteriorate months later .11 . Only 2 play modes
 When you consider the Sansa Clip 4GB has twice the storage for the same price , trading the OLED display for an Apple logo makes no sense whatsoever.NOT recommended .
 I have had my shuffle for over a year now . It plays well , and I love the size of it . However , it has a major flaw . After I had it for a month , it quit connecting to the computer . I am under the impression that if I was near an apple store they could fix it -LRB- however , I am not driving 400 miles to do so . -RRB-
 The name of this products makes certain inferrences - mainly , that thing thing can shuffle songs . Oops . It does n't actually play anything in a RANDOM order . It just sort of shuffles everything ONCE , then continually loops through that playlist it generated . This playlist is also extremely poorly shuffled , with songs from the same artist frequently playing one after the other . How random.Save your money and buy a real mp3 player , not this thing that ca n't even do what it is named for .
 Not only did I purchase the IPOD Shuffle but paid fpr shipping . It did not work and now I have to pay to ship the thing back ? Not great service and really bad product . Wo n't be doing this again .
 I wanted an Ipod 1 gb shuffle but got a knockoff that was an mp3 player . This is why when I plugged it inot my computer the itunes did not recognize this mp3 player . With some reasearch I saw many knoockoffs online that were made to look like shuffles but had the workings of an mp3 player . I reformatted the mp3 which rendered it usless abecause I did n't know it was other than an aplle product . So they gave me full refund but I was dissappointed just the same . Now I am a little apprenhensive to order used items .
 Bad service . First of all it WAS NOT an apple ipod shuffle . It was a knock off . I bought it for a gift for my daughter for christmas . I decided to down load music on it so it would be ready . It does not work . It will not do anything when plugged into the computor . The computor does not even recognize that a device is plugged into it . I went back and read the reviews and they are all like the one I am writing now . I tried to contact the sender and he is not responding back . Spend your money on someone elses products . I am red flagging `` johnnybravo 234 '' from any future products . I did not even want to give him any star ratings but you have to give at least 1 star .
 I will say people who like this one are Apple lovers or have simple brains.This one is durable and has long lasting battery , but all you can do is listening the musci from the beggining to the end . That 's it.I forgot , you can stop and pause music too.If you think this is good because of low price , then YP U3 might be better .
 ending up returning item . I purchased it for my son for Christmas , knew he would be diappointed with the size . very misleading picture and description .
 I love the Apple Shuffle ! Unfortunately , it arrived in a crushed box and would not hold a charge . I was so disappointed
 I wanted to buy a no-nonsense mp3 player to keep me company while running . No video , no funky display menus , no labyrinthine software to work with . If I wanted to spend half a day getting my music in order I 'd shell for the 80 gig iPod.So I got myself a Shuffle , by far the sleekest small pod in the market.But boy did I regret it.After the one-time registration and initialization -LRB- which is not optional -RRB- the lemon would n't get the songs on it , thanks to the infamous `` Disk not found error '' . Googled for it and discovered websites that are brimming with untended complaints ; I 'm on Windows XP , but the glitch seems to pervade operating systems.Spent a day battling with the idiosyncrasies . Downloaded and installed an extra utility that Apple 's Help site recommends . Enabled the Shuffle `` for disk use '' . Reset it to factory settings and tried all over again , five times . And I 'm a fairly persistent tech-savvy one . I did everything that 's needed and more , but the stupid thing will still not remember the settings , will not let me change songs , and so on.Tired with all of this rigmarole , I got a Creative ZenStone Plus . It 's a little larger than the Shuffle , but you can see why -- Shuffle does n't have a display and it uses the same jack for charging and earphones so you can only do one of those at a time . Stone Plus on the other hand connects through a small non-spaghetti USB cable , comes up instantly as a new drive on your PC , you copy the mp3 files from your music folder to this drive , and you 're done.I was up and running in 5 minutes flat . Ca n't help kicking myself for having fallen for the iPod luster.Without becoming any clunkier in any meaningful way -LRB- both the doohickeys are pretty small -RRB- , Stone Plus shows me the song that 's playing , which I do n't see on Shuffle . Stone Plus has an FM radio , a voice recorder , a timer , and a digital clock -- none of which the Shuffle has . It charges in 5 minutes , which the Shuffle does n't . I can use iTunes or any other tool or even nothing at all , but with Shuffle I am in an unhappy marriage with iTunes . The Stone Plus will hold about 1000 songs in comparison to Shuffle 's 200 at the same bit-rate . Because this is Creative , the company known among geeks for its speakers , the ear phones that come with the Stone Plus have a fabulous combination of bass and treble that will please the most fastidious connoisseur . After hearing them Shuffle 's white thingies sound tinny and childish . I got my Stone Plus with a clip that makes it much more practical for running.And all of it at 60 % of the cost of a basic bare-bones Shuffle.Sorry , Apple folks , in the small-mp3-player market Apple is simply the beautiful blond bimbo who trips on high heels at ten paces . If you 're in the market for a nifty little mp3 player , skip the Shuffle . Even in the 3rd generation it 's a 3rd rate contender .
 Quit working after only 4 months ! While it comes with a 1-year warranty , you have to pay $ 30 shipping to get a replacement . Four months is a pathetically short lifespan !
 I bought my wife a second shuffle after the first one failed at around a year . They were so cheap I just got another . The second lasted about ten months . Apple claims a one year warranty . This means they will send you a refurbished replacement . I have just sent the third replacement back as they have all failed . I do not believe there are humans that are concerned about my problem at Apple . Spend a few more dollars and get something that will work .
 I got one of these as a gift and it worked good for a few months . Then Itunes stopped recognizing it . I reset it and reinstalled Itunes , but it did n't help . This is one of the best selling MP3 players and I can not understand why . It does n't work with Windows media player only Itunes which is more difficult to use . Bottom line
 i bought this item as refurbished . well they never fixed the problem . i ended up calling apple to try and figure outr what the problem was . the confirmed the problem . on the plus side the company i bought it from was very fast a replying to my emails on what they are going to do to correct the issue . less then 24 hours to get backto me on my emails .
 The product which is shipped does not have resemblance to the image displayed here . It has a black display on top which makes it look really ugly and also it has iron wires propping out which can be cause injury .
 When I purchased this item I thought it would come with a charging wire or stand . All I received was the ipod . Without the charging wire - I can not charge the unit or conect it to my computer to download itunes . Therefore , it is worthless . I have it in the junk drawer now .
 I loved the concept and have run many miles with this little thing attached to my shirt . I would give it 5 stars if I was not on my third docking station which is again beginning to falter like the previous two . I am out of warranty and do n't want to throw good money after bad !!!
 I have purchased three of these 2nd generation shuffles . All three have had the same , exact problem , and none of them work , even though I 've only owned them a month . I bought them for myself and my two kids . They worked at first , but upon charging , updating software , and adding songs , they inevitably had some sort of software problem and quit working . I searched Apple 's support area , and although I 've now spent countless hours trying to fix my particular problem , I have been unable to even find the problem listed on Apple 's website , and I am unable to actually speak to a human being about the issue . I will NEVER buy an Apple product again . They have lost me forever .
 I dont even like that much music and this stupid thing cant hold even close to all of it , plus if you want to find a specific song ... think again because that is bacically imposible , you can put it on shuffle but mine manly suffles through the exact same songs over and over again i would not recament this for anyone who likes a lot of music or someone who likes to listen to something specific on a certian day .
 I 'm generally very happy with Amazon 's service and shipping times , but this was flat out frustrating . I ordered the iPod on September 5 and when the ordered was confirmed , I noticed a far away shipping date of late October . Still , it was at a good price , and it was n't a terrible rush . 2 days ago , I received an email saying I just was n't going to be getting the iPod because `` We are sorry to report that we will not be able to obtain -LRB- it -RRB- `` This is obnoxious . I mean really ? Why is it even still listed here if they are unable to obtain it . It needs to be marked as UNAVAILABLE . Total amazon fail .
 I placed the order a month ago and I 'm still waiting for the item . I was told that it would take anywhere from a few days to a few weeks . It 's now entering the second month and I do n't have the my ipod shuffle . I 've sent a few messeages to the company to get the status of my order and I have not received any correspondance -- this is not good . At this point I ca n't recommend this company
 For the price I paid , I could have gotton one at Walmart for $ 10 more , brand new . The one from Amazon -LRB- O$ CAR -RRB- did not come with headphones or a docking station , and was dented in . The Ipod came in the mail by its shipping date . I had to go to the store to purchase headphones and a docking station separately for another $ 28 . I could n't get the Ipod to upload music from my computer . I became frustrated , wrote an irate email to the seller , and found a similar item on Craigslist for $ 35 , with headphones and docking station , which has performed perfrectly . I returned the items I purchased that did not come with the Ipod I bought from Amazon to offset the cost of the device , I have been reluctant to make any further purchases from Amazon .
 this product was so small , does n't work with other ipods accessories . I wish I would not have gotten this produc at all ... Go to store for th amount of money you spend on this product
 This is the worst piece of crap ever put out . Lasted less than a year ! Apple should be ASHAMED for ripping off the public with this turd !!! But then again , what do you expect from CHINA ????
 I will not rate the Apple Ipod shuffle , it was used , do not work and I was refused a refund
 I usually have great things to say about items I purchase from Amazon.com and 3rd parties . Unfortunately , the iPod shuffel I bought as a gift does NOT work . It will NOT sync with iTunes and is not recognized by the computer . It was not opened until 2 days ago and I 'm very dissappointed . I 'm ALWAYS purchasing from and through Amazon.com and now I 'll be a little more hesitant before buying form a 3rd party again.Now , I have n't yet attempted to return the iPod , so I do n't have a reveiw regarding the ease or difficutly of returning the iPod .
 Hi , I ordered this ipod shuffle 1GB silver -LRB- 2nd generation -RRB- along with an arm band as a gift to one of my friends . The ipod was fine but it had few scratches on it . I was totally shocked after noticing those scratches as this is a new one -LRB- not refurbished -RRB- and felt embrassed as I already gave this to the person as a gift . She would think I bought her a refurbished ipod to her but it happens to be a new one and paid the price of a new one . Totally disappointed with the product . I ordered for a new product with full price and got a refurb one with scratches on it . Hope this review is helpful .
 This was my very first iPod that I had gotten last year for a gift . I was very pleased with it for a while , until I ran out of space to put all of my music on . There is no expandable memory for this iPod , and that is not a good thing if you are going to shell out 80 dollars for this product . The size of this iPod could be a good thing or a bad thing depending on how you look at it . I carry a small purse without a lot of stuff in it and I had a hard time finding the thing . The perk to having a smaller iPod is that it does n't take up a lot of space . One of my other gripes is that there is no screen there to tell you what is playing and how much of the battery you have left . All I have on this is the colors of the flashing little light to give me a rough idea . iTunes is easy enough to use but it can take a long time to load one song onto your iPod . That is why I switched to an iPod classic to give me what I wanted and more .
 I had heard rummors about the proprietary nature of the IPOD family but never understood it completely . Now I do . this is not a plug and play device like every other MP3 player i 've ever bought . This device will only work if you install Apple 's ITunes software on your computer . you can not drag and drop songs , nor can Media player see it as a device . Definately going back to the store .
 I was trying to save a little money by buying a `` refurbished '' IPod Shuffle . Obviously , the problems that sent it back in the first place were not solved . The IPod loses both all its charge and all the tunes downloaded into it after it sits for more than 24 hours . If you remember this several hours before you want to use it , these problems can be overcome ; a major irritant . I should send it back but that , somehow , does n't seem worthwile .
 I own one purchased long ago , thought they would be cheap since they are oudated and hold much less then others out . Even more with less compression and sounding better . Am i missing something ? This is 1 gig . Per gig thats 4 to 6 times the cost not trying . I 'm off to get mine now , Never really inspected it for alien plants or omniatomic gas particles . That would be crazy expensive .
 I ordered this and it looks like it was ran overand it dones not hold a chargeit was a piece of junk
 Do n't get me wrong , I love the ipod shuffle but the one I got from this company came as just the shuffle . I mean seriously , no headphones or charger . Come on !
 The advertising said this product is used but when I received it , it said it is refurb.The quality is not stable - sometimes it starts jumping from song to song every 2 seconds which drives me crazy . The pulse button sometimes does not work.I believe there is a big difference between `` used '' and `` refurb ''
 My family has had 3 of these go bad over the past year . Each time we were unable to recover from iTunes `` Back to Factory '' settings . No other way to troubleshoot this particular iPod exists . Yes , it does tell you the error by counting the blinking LED lights , but each time we have not been able to recover it . It is so cheap , that it almost makes it disposable , but 3 bad ones were enough to not recommend it.Perhaps it would be recoverable at the Apple store , but do n't feel like waiting for an 2 hours -LRB- 1 hour drive and 1 hour wait at the store -RRB- to get it fixed.Pros
 The reason the previous reviewer could not get the built in memory to work is almost certainly that there is no built in memory . Or at least , there is n't any in the unit I received . Not 128 mb , not any mb . So do n't buy this thing unless you also buy a memory card for it .
 I bought this for my sister for her birthday . It did n't work . I contacted the company , which took way too long to respond . They said the problem was mechanical . I sent it in for repair . They sent it back and it worked ... for a few weeks . Now it wo n't start up anymore.Do NOT buy this product .
 The price was great and that is exactly why I bought it . But , I got just what I paid for !!! It worked great for the first 2 weeks and then it was downhill from there . The volume turns down on it 's own ! I would lose all of the music on the player for no reason and finally the thing just died after about a month . The company was great and gave me a new player to replace the original piece of crap I bought . They did n't give me a hard time or did n't question me at all . I was very pleased with that.I still have the replacement and it 's been at least a year . It works good except for I do n't get sound into both ear pieces of my headphones unless I push the headphone slot to the side and it works . Anyways , this product is not worth the money . spend a little more money and get a good product .
 For the first three months , I was extremely happy with my purchase . The quality of screen display was excellent . Unfortunately , after 3 months of use , the monitor started randomly turning off and on during use . This could happen anytime and continue up to eight times in a row . I sent the monitor for warranty repair and was told that the main board needs to be replaced with a turnaround time of one week . It has been over three weeks and now I am informed that Sony had sent the wrong parts and I will have to wait . It is very annoying to pay a Sony price premium and experience the problems that I have encountered . Sony has lost the trust and custom of my family . You may wish to read the feedback of R.V.Hatcher who has experienced similar Sony monitor quality and service problems . His feedback can be found under the reviews for Sony SDMHS75/B 17 '' LCD Monitor -LRB- Black -RRB- .
 I just started having issues with this monitor that I have been in love with for 4 years . As I was doing inquiries and troubleshooting , I thought I would check to see if I could update the drivers since I have recently migrated my new system to Win 7 . In two emails that I have received from Sony 's Esupport system , they have stated that they will not be creating drivers for this monitor to work with Win 7 . This is the wording from the second email I received to double check that they were NOT working on driver 's for Win 7 compatibility . `` I understand that you wish to use the Monitor in Windows 7 Operating System . I 'm sorry to inform you that the Monitor does n't support the Windows 7 Operating System . Since Sony discontinued the product , the Drivers for Windows 7 may not be available . I suggest that you use the Monitor with the Supported Operating System to regain the full functionality . Please check the link provided in the previous response for supported Operating System.Thank you for understanding.The Sony Email Response TeamC2C3Antonio `` I would NOT recommend buying this monitor if you plan to connect it to a Win 7 machine at any time in the future .
 It did n't work with the computer I bought it for and the reponse I got to try and fix it was weak at best .
 I have had the printer over a year now , bought it on Amazon.The printer itself is very good for what it is - although for photos without banding you usually have to put it in best mode which is pretty * . * slow . It is also slow - like about 1 page per minute on best text with duplexing on.BUT Hp played what I consider a real BS trick on buyers of this machine.They have a `` smart chip '' integrated on the cartridge which expires after a while even if the cartridge is still full . They also make it so you can not refill the cartridge.In aiding HP to sell you more they have an annoying integrated software that pops up and tries to order supplies for you on-line . - I imagine a corporate dream
 This player is great ... for about a month . After a month the component outs died . A week later I started getting black vertical and horizontal lines when I played avi dvds , a week after that I have them on all dvds . Best Buy would not exchange it or let me return it since it was over a month . Do n't waste your money , the price is cheap for a reason .
 Unfortunately this dvd player does n't work properly after 6 months . It has a green line on the top with multiple picture distortions while it plays.Yes . I can still see hat is playing but with disappointing quality and I 'm nervous for how long more.We are looking for a replacement ...
 The Philips Compact DVD Player turned out to be a total disaster . It worked for all of one day , after which the laser burnt out and the player was unusable . Since I had made modifications of the region code to make it `` multi-region , '' based on what I thought was legitimate advice from other users , Philips said it was no longer under warranty .
 I only write a review if a product is really good or really bad . This dvd player is really bad . Did not last at least a year .
 Bought a Philips DVD player , opened the box , plugged it in ... the dvd drawer would not come out of the machine . It would constantly stick . Called Philips , spent almost half an hour on the phone with both the customer `` service '' rep and her supervisor . They told me I would have to pay -LRB- over $ 10 ! -RRB- to return their faulty merchandice to them.This in spite of their product having a `` passed inspection '' sticker on it . Why should I have to pay $ 10 + to return a $ 35 dvd player because they sent me a broken product ? I will NEVER buy another Philips product as long as I live ! You might want to consider how accommodating they are before you shell out hundreds or thousands of dollars on any of their other products . A company is only as good as their products AND their service . When it comes to Philips , in my opinion -LRB- and experience ! -RRB- , they both stink !
 This unit is junk . I had 5 DVDs in the house and it would not play any of them . It would play a CD . I tried all the troubleshooting in the manual and called customer service . They were in India , rude , and not helpful at all . I always thought Phillips products were high quality , but not anymore . I sent it back .
 I have two other cheap DVD players , but this one is garbage . It will often skip whole sections of movies on some DVDs , or it will stutter and the sound will be out of sync.This player only works well on the more expensive DVDs . The cheaper DVDs do not play well at all . Which is completely backwards for a cheap DVD player . These must be the ones that did n't pass quality control in China or something , as the cheap DVD players over there usually work better on the cheap DVDs than the more expensive DVD players.If you rent DVDs then do n't buy this player . Most rental places use the cheaper DVDs . My other two cheap DVD players play many discs fine , but this one will either skip alot or just display `` no disc `` I took it apart and cleaned the reader today . This helped a little bit , but it still skips and stutters a lot .
 Remote broke after 6 weeks . Player stopped working after 8 weeks . Philips will replace unit under warranty only if I pay to ship it back . A useless product and warranty .
 The video output on this dvd player was spotty at first . A blue screen would flicker in and out while i was playing dvds . Now , after about 6 months , the video output does n't work at all and I get a blue screen all the time .
 Very disappointing ; on/off & tray buttons do n't respond well ; brand new remote had to be replaced . Phillips very accomodating ; swapped unit with no questions asked , but as they say ... you get what you pay for . I 'll probably need to replace this within the year .
 The DVD quit working after 4 months . Completely dead . I plan to call Philips and see what they can do .
 We bought this dvd player and used it maybe once a week , it is up and away from the kids so we were very gentle with it ... two things have happened first if it was on for a while the picture would turn greenish then I would turn it off then on again to solve that problem , then one day at about 8 month point the motor just stopped ... it could never play another DVD again , I tried to contact the people that sold it to me on amazon and asked what they recommend I do and never heard back from them . go figure!if you want a cheap player and are fine with replacing it after 6 or so months then go for it ... oh one more thing there is no scanning forward really bc it hard to do and jumps from chapter to chapter which if very annoying if you are trying to find a specific part you will get frustrated !
 The minute I hooked it up and turned it on I did n't like the picture . My old vhs tapes looked clearer . Dvds that play fine on my other 4 players would studder at times on this unit sporadically . Bottom line grainy picture and unreliable playing . Not worth even the cheap price .
 After anxiously awaiting arrival of this unit , when I got it , I was highly disappointed . After going thru everything needed for the hook up , and trying to use unit to view new DVD i also bought , the door would not open to receive the dvd . i tried opening it both from the unit itself , and from the remote . Called phillips support , and finally had to send it back to Amazon . I am not gon na order another one !
 I bought this unit to play burned MP3 discs and DVD-R movies . None of them play very well . Dissapointed with Philips , I thought it was a decent brand . I have since purchased another brand and all is well .
 Maybe it is just me , but I could not get a DVD to play on this . I set it up per the instructions on a TV with built-in VHS player -LRB- is this the problem ? -RRB- Although the DVD player indicated it was running , the TV picture stayed on the selected local TV channel.Also , the DVD door opens only with some manual -LRB- ie fingers -RRB- maneuvering ; the button to open/close does not work smoothly.Maybe this would work on another set . Anyway , I am willing to try again if anyone has a good suggestion . I assumed that it would play a region 1 DVD , and that it is not set to something else .
 This DVD player does not play European DVDs . I sent it back , annoyed by the hassle . At least Amazon refunded my money quickly .
 I 've owned this player for a little over a month . The remote is very small and does not light up . The worst thing about this player is that it has recently developed a problem where it will only play certain dvds and only certain parts of dvds -LRB- ie . sometimes it will play the movie but not the extras -RRB- . I am incredibly disappointed . I had never owned a philips product before and will hesitate before buying one again .
 Well , I 've only had my dvd player for a few weeks and used it about 5 times or so , but I 've already had a few problems . . The menu loads slowly , one time the ` open ' button refused to work , whether I pressed the remote button or pushed it on the dvd player . The last time I used it , it would n't even turn on . . I had to unplug it/plug it back in , and then it worked , strangely ... the Philips brand batteries they included w / it died on the third day inside the remote , if that 's any indication . . this thing was cheap and looks nice but I do n't expect it to last very long .
 This item is simply awful ... now , yes , we can all buy an item and find that the particular one we have does not work and hey , it might be a fluke ! BUT ... get this , we have now replaced this three times as it has fallen within store return policies ... and each time the remote has stopped working - completely stopped !! As the model only has a play , stop and pause key you can not play most DVDs as they may require you to scroll to hit play , or if you can play them , you can not fast forward etc - without a remote this is useless !! Add to this , we had one that would play DVDs - but more than half the picture was covered with a big , black box !!!! Finally we had one that worked for longer than the return period ... but again the remote problem re-occured ... Philips claim the remote is on back order so they can not send a replacement , but eventually they will offer to replace the whole thing ... if YOU pay to send it back !! Which pretty much is a waste of time !! This is cheap , nasty and rubbish ... do not buy of you want an item that will work !
 This is just to add my experience to those of others who have bought this unit and had it stop working . I bought mine about 18 months ago , so I 've had a lot of fun with it , and it has performed great . Last night I put in a normal commercial release DVD . The player attempted to load for much longer than normal , then said `` error '' on the display , and the TV screen said `` bad disc '' . I tried several different DVD 's that were working fine previously , same results for all , so it 's the player . The owners manual says not to use any cleaning discs , but I 've ordered a Philips DVD lens cleaning disc to try . The Philips USA support website is less than helpful . It 's irritating , and reads as though nobody ever had this problem before , such that the only solutions offered are `` clean your disc '' or `` you are attempting to play a wrong region disc '' , so forth .
 I received this player today and used it for about an hour . When it was time to eject the DVD the player refused to . It would make a noise and then continue to load the DVD . I had to take apart the player to get my dvd back . I requested an exchange from Philips since Amazon would not allow me to exchange it for this particular item.Another complaint , the box arrived in horrible condition which might have affected the player . It looked like someone was playing soccer with it before it arrived at my house . Amazon could have delivered it in a brown cardboard box . The item was n't large at all . Shame on Amazon.UPDATEI just realized this item was delivered from `` Amazon 's Return Center '' making me believe this was used .
 First off , the quality control for this made-in-China item must be awful . Mine had a scratched frame , a dead pixel just above midscreen , and a bad flicker.Sony tech support will tell you that the dead pixel is normal for this model . In other words , they made a whole bunch like this.The flicker is harder to figure , especially since I had it hooked up to a new Sony VAIO desktop . Sony tech support said exchange the monitor for one that does n't flicker.Colors are nice right out of the box . That 's the best I can say for this.Getting it to display text sharply was tricky . -LRB- By the way , for any LCD monitor to display text sharply no matter the font size , Windows XP 's `` font edge smoothing '' should be disabled ; otherwise , the text will seem a bit blurry , especially in Word and other word processors . -RRB- Movies ? Fast video games ? Forget it . Blurry , raggedy , and jerky is what I got.I love my Sony VAIO desktop and Trinitron . What happened here?Thank goodness for Amazon 's great customer service . Without it , I 'd never have had the confidence to buy such an expensive item online .
 This unit is cheap junk as is any detector you pay $ 40 for . It 's just basic economics . No company is going to be benevolent and give you expensive technology for dollar store prices . I 've had this unit for more than a week just for fun and it 's hilarious how little it picks up . I 've passed at least one speed trap , at least a dozen state troopers , and an equal number of city police . Amazingly , the whole time I 've had only two hits . One was an X band constant on radar that any detector built in the last 30 years would have got and the other was a K band constant on hit that I did n't pick up until the cop was practically parked on my windshield . Good thing he was outside his jurisdiction and that I do n't speed.Notice a lot of folks have stopped using detectors because they `` just do n't help anymore . '' Well , it 's because Cobra units like this have saturated the low end of the marketplace and they are JUNK . Really folks , there is a big three of radar detectors , Bel , Escort , and Valentine . Whistler also makes a couple of new units that are right in the low $ 100 range and are your only hope for good detection if you are n't willing to spend around $ 300 . Go to any site that does testing of Cobras and even their priciest units just are n't worth the money . I have no axe to grind with Cobra . I wish they made better products . I had to see for myself if the low end units were as weak as I 've read . Well , they are . All this unit will do , if you 're lucky , is let you know you 're about to get a ticket unless you 're on a straight away in heavy traffic and encountering a policeman using a radar gun using very old technology . But you may not even be lucky enough for that to happen and just see flashing lights behind you .
 This piece of JUNK which I 've bought recently is not a radar/laser detector . It 's small , compact , and nice with a chain of tones that does anything but detecting speed detectors . It probably belongs to the sixties when the technology was not that advanced . In town , it goes hilarious at communication towers , traffic light cameras , even police transmissions and cars , but speed detectors are totally invisible . I 've had it for a couple of weeks and passed through two dozens of speed detectors and the thing was as silent as a brick . I am completely and totally disappointed . Do not fall into the same trap unless you really want to throw your dollars into a bin .
 This model gets a lot of hits on things that are n't police cars . I have used it on the highway only . I had to move it below the tinted strip on my windshield because it wo n't receive through window tint . Oh well - too bad since all you get in the package is a flimsy sunction-mounted bracket that wo n't hold up the unit whilst going over the slighest of bumps in your car .
 this unit was not that great . . I was suppose to be 360degree radar andon my way home from Delaware it did not pick it up.It seemed to work the rest of my travels .
 If you want to find automatic doors and automatic doors only , please buy this product . I got my radar detector today and decided to give it a test tonight , and well besides finding every store with doors I did n't have to touch , it found itself right on my list of worthless plastic . I took it through some country towns and some interstate and when I saw some speed traps , i did n't even get a blip on the machine . Then , on my return trip , I set my cruise to about 13 over to get myself home , watching the detector and praying for one little flash or beep , but magically the highy patrol lights filled the background of my car , and the radar DETECTOR did not even DETECT the RADAR when it was parked 10 FEET behind me . Do yourself a favor , do n't waste your money .
 It kept quiet when I met at least 10 police cars in the past few days . so disappointed .
 do n't buy ... I bought for 34 bucks on buy.com and it is not worth a penny !! I have seen several cops on the street and this thing rarely beeps with a cop around ... although it is sure to beep when I apprach a toll plaza !! what good is that ? what a waste of my money ... do n't know what the other reviewers who gave this 4-5 stars are smoking !
 Within a week or 10 days the detector quit working , and I do n't know how or where to send it for replacement . Can you tell me ? Thanks .
 My current radar detector has worked for 10 years . It is a Cobra . So I decided to replace it when the voice alert started to sound like the speaker is dieing . This was a mistake . The unit makes a loud sound that sounds like an hour of space invaders sped up to play in 2 seconds when you start the engine . It goes back to city mode when you start up . The volume resets when you start up . In short , this is an ANNOYING radar detector . I also noted that it was n't picking up police officers when used side by side with my old one , and it got many more false alerts . So I returned it . Do your ears a favor and DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT !!
 I recently purchased a Cobra ESD 7000 Radar Detector , for myself . I have had a prior traffic offense , adn wanted to avoid any increase in my insurance rates . Also I find dificulity in hearing safety and emergency vehicles on the roadway so I wanted a way to be alerted when I should need to pull over . well , I plugged it in and it did its whole beep and whistle business to alert that it worked . It did n't beep for at least 5 days . the 5th day an ambulance nearly ran me over with it 's lights on because I did n't hear it soon enough to get out of the way , By the grace of god I avoided an accident , but my new Cobra ESD 7000 Radar Detector , never beeped even once during the whole incident . It was at this point I got a ltitle hestitant of it 's ablities . Nonetheless I did not give up hope . I was driving home from a few hours away on a state route , and I was coming down a large hill . I was accelrating as you often would going down a hill naturally , and did n't realize I was actually speeding . Lord and behold , a police office turns around and pulls me over . al the while my new , Cobra ESD 7000 Radar Detector , never beeped . not once . I now I have to pay a ticket which is much more than the price of this p.o.c and I am going to end up with a total of 4 points on my license . I WOULD NEVER SUGGEST THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE !! IT DOES NOT WORK !!
 Do not purchase a Cobra radar detector ... their product does work at first with warnings as they promise . But , after only a few week , the detector does NOT even detect automatic door openers at Walmart and other radar `` detecting '' objects . Simply put , this product did not work for me and very disappointed ... radar detectors are made to detect - arent they ?
 I bought this dash kit to fit a Pioneer DEH-2200UB , that I also purchased from Amazon.com . While the package came in a timely fashion , I ca n't seem to fit my radio , which is a standard size , into this dash kit .
 This would have been EXACTLY what I needed - right voltage out , right mAmps , right kind of plug - except the polarity is exactly the opposite of what I needed . This Belkin adapter is + Positive Tip , with a Negative sleeve -LRB- an Important bit of information NOT mentioned at all in the description of the item -RRB- . Other than that - I 'm sure its just fine ...
 I ordered this because my puppy chewed the power cord to my cordless vtech phone base unit . It arrived quickly enouugh but would not fit into the hole because its too big . It was a waste of time and money and now I have to be inconvenienced with sending the junk back .
 Instead of Belkin 9V power supply -LRB- as advertised -RRB- , received generic supply with 14V output . Beyond ridiculous ...
 A year ago I bought a Belkin Gel mouse pad for my work at the local computer shop . I like it so much that I bought another Belkin Gel Mouse Pad for home use . This time I was very disappointed with my new gel mouse pad . The gel is much harder than the old one I bought a year ago . Obviously , they are not the same pad . My old one has a circle around the `` Belkin '' label and not on the new one . My advice to you is that if you are not sure about the firmness of the pad , buy at your local store .
 This mouse pad was comfortable but fell apart after a few months . Probably will not buy again .
 this material is not the best for mouse movement and the gel pad has a lack of gel material in it , if it was purposely designed that way , it 's a bad design .
 I thought I was buying a support for my wrist but all I got was an item that looks like wrist support that does not support my wrist at all . It was nicely packaged but not what I needed . Some items you can not buy with pictures alone .
 Gee , nothing special about this mousepad . I thought the wrist rest would be good , but it 's odd to feel it there and I do n't notice any benefit . Othwerwise it operates as well as any mousepad I guess .
 I purchased this item as a necessity for work -LRB- purchase requests and petty cash are nearly impossible there -RRB- . It worked like a charm for about two months -LRB- I 'm a film editor , so it was used A LOT -RRB- . One day I came into work , started editing , and felt something sticky on my wrist . I could n't figure out where it was coming from because my version was black . Eventually , I figured out that my wrist rest on my mousepad was slowly oozing it 's gelatinous innards onto my desktop -LRB- and thereby my wrist -RRB- . I have hairy arms , so this is an altogether unfavorable combination . So , what I 'm trying to say is
 I purchased this mouse pad to replace a paperback dictionary I was using for a - wrist support - . I use a support to help prevent wrist - strain - when using a mouse.This was advertised as being 1.5 inches in height , which is the major reason I bought it.IT IS NOT!It is only about 3/4 inch in height.So now I still have to put a book under the - pad - -LRB- albeit a thinner one -RRB- in order to get the proper - height - that I want .
 This product contains lead and other harmful chemicals in the gel part of the pad . If you are allergic to lead do not buy this product . I bought 2 for gifts and have to return them because of allergic reactions to it . It is a good buy but not at the cost of your own health .
 I simply would n't buy this product or any belkin product for that matter because most of them contain lead and are unhealthy . How can they get away with selling such products . Just because they let you know that it contains harmful chemicals does n't make it right !
 It 's not easy to find one of the `` Reverse '' KVMs that are under $ 100 . This one was the only one I could find.In fact , when googling for a reverse kvm , this model came back in the majority of the results.I really needed this scenario to work ; but this belkin unit just would not cooperate.Actually , it was only the mouse port is what would not work.I had access to several models of mice . A bunch of old legacy items.MS ball type ps/2 , MS ball type combo serial-ps/2 , MS optical-USB-ps/2 , kensington ball type , generic , dell , HP and none of them were recognized.I used ps/2 roller ball mice , optical mice , serial-ps/2 combo mice.Nothing worked.I tried to get support for the unit . What a fiasco that was . After a day or two of waiting , I finally asked for an RMA # . At least I got a reponse from the RMA dept.I tried to ask the RMA dept to give me :1 . a list of approved mice2 . troubleshooting steps -LRB- I figured we could save the hassle of an RMA `` IF '' belkin would just answer a couple simple questions . Did n't happen -RRB- . All I got was RMA instructions.What a huge breakdown in customer support.The new `` replacement '' unit arrived and I tried to get things setup.All I had handy were optical USB-ps/2 mice.But I could tell they would not work when the red LED would NOT light up.Since the USB bus can have low power problems , I looked at the power adapter belkin supplied.Then I reviewed the power SPECs : The device was using 9VDC , but only getting 600ma MAX , from the belkin supplied VDC adapter.I decided to use my own multi-function DC power adapter.A PHILIPS model PH62099The $ 30 , universal , power supply that comes with 6 or 8 tips , and let you dial voltages from 3VDC up to 12VDC . It has a 1000ma output and voltage settings for 3VDC , 6VDC , 9VDC , 12VDC . It can power toys , MP3 players , CD players , cameras , radios , game systems , and so on.In addition , the plugs can be oriented as TIP = positive or TIP = negative.Tah Dah ! I now have optical LEDs working , using my own power adapter , with the 1000mA output.Too bad the mice are still NOT working ; as far as moving my mouse pointer around the windows screen.Also , the optical mice seem to power up somewhat consistently only if you do things in a certain order :1 . you start by totally shutdown the PC , and remove the power cord from the PC 's power supply . -LRB- You can tell when power is completely gone when the keyboard 's NUM LOCK LED goes out -RRB- .2 . Apply power adapter plug to the kvm .3 . plug in power cord to PC and push soft power button to power on the PC .4 . allow PC to boot up into windows .5 . about 50 % of the time the optical mice will illuminate.Overall , what a huge disappointment and a huge time waster .2 units and still a NON functioning kvm.Time to look at an `` industrial '' KVM solution.Though that is going to cost about $ 200 + .
 shipped on time , was the right part , faulty at best . by the time i was able to bring my pedal and plug to a dealer to have them rule out variables it was too late to return the part . im disappointed that a company would send out a product without testing it first . the faulty part was where the plug meets the wire , move the wire to the left and we have power , breath on it and the pedal turns off , with a different plug pedal worked fine being shook and moved . i now have to split the wires , find the polarity , and solder a new end to this plug . made in china garbage
 The current charge for this ONE boot -LRB- not a dozen , not 50 , not a gross -RRB- is $ 7.06 . I was actually charged more - they seem to have *** lowered *** the price . When I returned it outraged , I was charged shipping for the return which was deducted from my refund for this item that is worth about 17 cents per unit . Try CyberGuys instead ! Caveat Emptor .
 This adapter did not work in my Jeep Wrangler 2003 - it plugged in but I could not get reception on the radio . I bought a different one from WalMart and then my new stereo worked just fine . Since the product is not in its original packaging and they deduct for shipping etc. , what was the point in trying to return it ? Waste of $ $ .
 there was no where to hook the neck thingy . and I 'm having a hard time grouping things ; like audio books in one part and songs in another . it shuffles them all up and mixes them up . Like a song will play and then a chapter of the book and the chapters are not in order !
 The case does not appear to have any loop . How do you attach the lanyard ? There are NO Holes on the back of this model . I have included a photo in my gallery.Don ' t buy this unless you have no plans to try to attach it to anything .
 So many problems - where to begin ? - The antenna point is week , one small bump and the plastic breaks off . - Software very buggy . Windows Defender will shut it down every time because it 's unsigned and unnamed -LRB- suspicious flag -RRB- . - Huge firewall issues . If you 're willing to KEEP your firewall off , fine . I 'm not . - Two-way does n't work , even on multi-function printers that were supposedly supported . My HP DJ 4180 is fine , when hooked up via local USB - wirelessly would n't scan . And _ PRINTING _ was incredibly slow . - Wireless discovery is awful and unreliable - put the computer program on 8 laptops and desktops around the house - half of them _ NEVER _ found the print server . - The three printers I tried all pretty much REQUIRED the printer be hooked up to each by USB for initial driver loading _ THEN _ remoted - this is impractical . Not necessarily this product 's fault , but you will spend TOO MUCH TIME trying to get this work . Just go back to printer sharing . - Linksys support was awful . First time , the guy tried for 45 minutes , then said he 'd kick it up to his immediate supervisor and I should try back in 30 minutes . - Second time I called , that support person could n't even find evidence of my previous call , and would n't let me talk to a supervisor , and wanted me to try to do a bunch of things all over again , including permanently uninstalling Windows Defender .
 I am very unhappy with this Linksys product , who I have always had good luck in the past . It has a very bad `` wizard '' interface that will not let you print any other way except using this interface . I could not connect through the wizard -LRB- despite being able to connect through the `` secret '' web interface -RRB- and was unable to use this device . I 'm very knowledgable about print servers and networking and have never had an issue setting them up before this -LRB- I have two other network servers in my house already -RRB- . I recommend a different brand .
 I purchased this wireless print server to work with a new laptop using Windows Vista . I was told by linksys that this product would work with Vista . The tech support has worked very hard with me , however after several attempts have not been able to solve the issue . I am still unable to print with this product .
 I thought I would love this product but unfortunately I do n't even know if it works ... Linksys has not written a driver for Windows 7 yet . It should have been a perfect match for my Brother Multifunction Laser Printer/Copier/Scanner but non the less , I must still take my laptop into the rooom were the multfunction is and plug in the USB cable to print ...
 After installation , the printer is having not able to printer properly . I have tried 4 different printer on it so far
 Why is it that Cisco/Linksys has taken this long to support Windows 7 customers , given that Windows 7 has been on the market for more than a year . Tech support can give no guidance to when the driver will be ready . Totally unacceptable in my view .
 After trying several things going on line at several web sites and contacting linksys come to find out this print server is will not work with Vista or Windows 7 . Linksys says they are working on it . Why then sell the thing if you do n't have it working for OS that are out there . There is no disclosure on the box or any where that I came across that says it will or will not work except here on the fed back forum . We have two computers one with Vista and one with Windows 7 this unit does not solve our problem of sharing a printer . Run away , run very fare away from this print server .
 This product does n't work with Vista 64 or Windows , and Linksys -LRB- Cisco -RRB- is not developing an updated driver . One can purchase a wireless printer for a similar price and not put up with Linksys not providing continue support .
 Windows 7 is not supported . When I contacted Cisco support I was told they are working on the drivers . They pointed me to a Cisco Webpage that no longer exists and then told me to keep checking back for the drivers to be available . This is an operating system that has been available for 10 months and Cisco does not have drivers ? On top of it all , I waited online for 10 minutes before I was able to Live chat with someone and I had to ask my question five time before they responded . They then responded with a message to check the website that was nonexistent and then would not respond to any more of my questions .
 I would strongly suggest that the description of this product on Amazon should state prominently that `` according to the manufacturer , Linksys , the WPSM54G is not compatible with Windows7 , '' because that is exactly what Linksys tech support will tell you if you contact them for assistance.Two Questions :1 . Are you planning to install this device on a machine running Windows7 ? 2 . Is your time worth more than five dollars per hour?If the answer to both those questions is yes , then I advise you not to purchase this product.Yes , there is plenty of chatter out there that says you can get this print server to run under Windows7 , and maybe you can , if you are an experienced IT professional . But even if you are an experienced IT professional , the dollar value of the time you will waste tweaking everything to make the thing work with Windows7 would buy you about three wireless print servers that will run as Plug and Play under Windows7.And , yes , if you are only an average reasonably tech-savvy consumer , you might get lucky and stumble upon the magic order of things within the first three hours after you open the box . But the more likely scenario is that , like me , after four hours , you will be starting back at square one for the umpteenth time , surrounded by the piles of the clumps of hair you will have pulled from your own head , hoping against hope that this time , maybe this time , please lord , maybe this time , you will get it to work.I do think that eventually my stubborn persistence will `` pay off , '' and I will get this thing to run under Windows7 . But before that magic moment arrives -- if it ever does arrive -- the value of my lost time will have been sufficient to have paid for several wireless print servers that will run under Windows7 . Really , if I were n't so stubborn , I would be money ahead just to buy a different device and toss this one in the trash right now with the other Linksys devices I 've foolishly purchased in the past . -LRB- Oh , by the way , even if you do get the printer to print off this device running under Windows7 , the fax and scanner functions will not work under Windows7 , so your `` multifunction '' device will be , at best , only a `` unifunction '' device . -RRB- Did I mention that Linksys support on this device is pretty much worthless , which is quite consistent with my experience with Linksys in the past.Bottom line . Do not purchase the WPSM54G if you are planning to run it under Windows7 ! The money you `` save '' will not be enough to cover the cost of your hair-replacement surgery.UPDATE
 Do not buy this item if you have Vista . Like several other reviewers , I purchased this item but not only would it not install and work , it re-wrote registry level files on the laptop . The Linksys software would not uninstall , and it disabled the System Restore function so it could not be removed . Linksys `` Customer Service '' was beyond awful !! I am not sure what they consider customer service , but after 2 dozen phone calls and emails -LRB- routed overseas -RRB- to people who are limited in computer skills and authority , I was told they would email me a software program to uninstall the program . When the promised attachment did n't arrive , I found out later that Linksys reps are not allowed to send email -LRB- from the overseas unit , though I did get one email from San Francisco that asked if I was still having a problem and never returned my three emails and four phone messages when I replied that I was definitely still having problems -RRB- , and they certainly ca n't send emails out with attachments !! So the rep lied to me !! The Linksys software corrupted the existing print driver for my printer , so now I ca n't print from it even when it is plugged directly into my computer . The Linksys software disabled the download function so I ca n't reinstall the original driver because the Linksys software co-opted the `` Administrator '' function on the computer . I finally gave up and had to buy a professional uninstall software package to remove the entire package hidden on my system . I am not a casual computer user , I work with computers for a living and I found both the program and the company to be horrible . Buyer beware !
 Do not waste time , energy and sweat ... . Only PC compatible , so if you have Macs , forget it ... . well even after i put it to work could not make it happen smoothly ... It even brought back those feared `` blue debug screens '' in my brand new Dell with Vista . I gave up soon and that was my best call . i bought a HP C7280 and now it works without any problems with both Pcs and Macs in my wireless network .
 This product is useless . I had to return back since it does not work with my printer . Their help support was not helpful at all .
 OK , it is n't really the print server 's fault , or Linksys . Just not compatible with anything but the latest multifunction printers that follow some kind of announcement protocol to identify themselves on USB.I had to reflash the access point just to connect to this thing - that was some work , let me tell you . Make sure you write down ALL the settings before doing that!Linksys phone support was unhelpful , but their web chat support -LRB- IE only -RRB- was great , and worked the problem with me until there was really nothing left to try .
 Returned it . Would n't work with Vista and a Canon MP780 and it certainly wo n't work with Mac OS X clients -LRB- note
 Dont waste your money . After several hours , I was unable to connect it to the network . The PDF manual and the instructions offer no subtantial help except for most basic issues . Waitng times for phone help in excess of an hour , still did not get it to work . From others review , it seems if it goes well is easy , but any dificulty and you are on your own .
 Just a heads up on this item . It has never worked correctly . Starts out working find and quits . You will find many negative reviews online .
 I bought this product for my windows 7 PC , and windows vista business for my laptop . DOES N`T WORK with this OS . I think that Linksys MUST launch the W 7 drivers so it could be possible to work with ... . Overall one star
 Waste many time to configure this device.Cannot.WiFi connected but can not print . Can not install second part of setup -LRB- `` Computer setup '' -RRB- . Windows 7 incompatible.I try many ways to configure remote printer manually -LRB- standart tcp-ip port , LPR printing as adviced official web site and others -RRB- . All is failure.I can not change firmware , because it changing only in `` ethernet mode '' , but I can not reach device in ethernet mode . Only at WiFi I see it 's web interface . Reset does not help.There are many problems with this device in internet I found out , but there are not decisions.Not advice to anybody.Just money to the wind !
 The Linksys WPSM54g does not work on 64 bit Windows 7 and is not supported by Linksys on Windows 7 at all . The official link from Linksys is that their engineers are working on driver , check back with their web site . But if they do n't have support for Windows 7 by now , it is highly unlikely they ever will.There are a variety of informal guides for setting the print server on Windows 7 ; none work on 64 bit Windows 7 , and , of course , none are backed up by the manufacturer.Life is too short to waste time trying to reverse engineer a product sold -- but orphaned -- by its manufacturer . Buy something else .
 Warning ! This print server is not compatible with Windows 7 and LinkSys has not said when a driver will be made available .
 Installation was much more difficult than expected . Spent over 4 hours trying to make it work.Didn ' t work with Windows Vista . Did work with Windows XP , but not with the instructions provided ; had to search the internet for alternate installation instructions.Worked with HP 960C printer . But , did not work with Canon IP6700 printer.Even after I got it set up with Windows XP and HP 960C printer , it did n't consistently work . So , I disconnected it and bought an alternate product . The alternate product worked with Vista or XP , and with both HP 960C and Canon IP6700 printers , and installed in < 15 minutes with the instructions provided , and consistently works.I would not recommend buying the Linksys print server .
 Linksys by Cisco Wireless-G Print Server with Multifunction Printer SupportThis device is very confusing to set up . There are multiple steps of `` unplug this , now plug in that , then unplug the first thing , now do this , etc. '' And they must be done in order , or you have to start over again . There 's no going back one or two steps . If you get an error message or the program ca n't immediately find your network or the router it crashes . And beware that when it asks for the WEP key and invites you to create one DO N'T , because unless you use the key already on your router you wo n't be able to connect . Then when I got through all the rigamarole finally and went to install the driver on my computer I found that apparently Cisco never heard of Windows 7 . I got a poorly translated message -LRB- must originally been in Chinese -RRB- which told me that the OS was `` no '' supported . I went to the Cisco website assuming that there 'd be an updated driver for Windows 7 , but no mention of it , only Vista and XP . So for me the device is completely useless . And anyway I was hoping to add my wife 's Mac to the server , but once again , no support . Bottom line , be VERY careful about ordering this device !
 I wanted to find out if Linksys has Windows 7 drivers yet , here 's what happened with their live chat support : Atul -LRB- 71456 -RRB- has joined this session.from Atul -LRB- 71456 -RRB- to All Participants : Welcome to Live Chat Cisco Support for Linksys Products . My name is Atul -LRB- Badge ID = 71456 -RRB- . How may I help you?from Me to All Participants : Hi I 'm asking about WPSM54G print server . I looked at FAQ and it metions XP and Vista . Are there drivers working for 64 bit Windows 7 yet?from Atul -LRB- 71456 -RRB- to All Participants : No there are no drivers available for Win 7 . from Me to All Participants : Is there an expected time for windows 7 drivers or linksys will not support win7 ? from Atul -LRB- 71456 -RRB- to All Participants : I do not have any idea about that.from Me to All Participants : How would I find out ? I 'm using Linksys router , Windows 7 and need wireless G print server for Windows 7from Atul -LRB- 71456 -RRB- to All Participants : I am not sure about that.At that point I saw not only was the support person clueless but completely unwilling to even do any amount of research or ask a supervisor etc so I just disconnected.I was totally on board to buy this product for its multifunction support . But now I refuse to and I hope you do too until Linksys cleans up its act .
 This printer server is hard to set up , has bad compatibility with printers , and is n't compatible with windows 7 , so I would avoid it
 To date I still have n't been able to get my print sever from Linksys to work as advertised . the problem lies with the print server 's IOS , and the operating systems I am using . First they do n't tell you that the Linksys print server does not work with a 64bit vista system -LRB- the main reason for my purchase -RRB- Linksys has no drivers that will work with Vista or Windows7 . So this makes it impossible for me to use it.It did state that it would work with Vista 32bit system.But when I tried to install it on the 32bit system , all I receieved were error messages , to date I still have n't been able to get it to work . I tried Linksys 's tech support . But they were totally useless . They stated that Linksys has n't produced the drivers for Vista or Windows 7 64bit edition yet . I still have two Windows XP system 's that I have n't tried yet , So hopefully it wo n't be a total loss This will be the last time I purchase a recondition product , although , I never had a bad experience purchasing a recondition unit the time factor along with the lack of information for warranty repairs left a bad taste in my mouth .
 I have a MAC and 3 PC laptops I wanted to run off of this `` printer server '' . The PCs run vista 32 and 64 bit . I inserted the disk that came with the printer server into the MAC and nothing . I called for help and was told the CD is not compatible with a MAC but they could help me install manually . They put me on hold to find the MAC expert and returned 10 minutes later with someone that said they could not help with the MAC and that we would need to install on the Vista laptop . I was on the phone for over 2 hours getting ONE , yes ONE , laptop installed . Hmmm . Could ' t I have just plugged in ? At the end of the call the rep tried to sell me extra help to install hte other PC laptops and the MAC - I would have to pay . The one she helped me install quit working the next day . I doubt that I will attempt again . And the customer service rep was very rude and not very good . Avoid this product unless you are very computer savvy and will not require help installing .
 Had this for few years . Hassle to setup . Often would not connect till fiddle with it . Now with new router ca n't get it working after 3 hours of trying everything . Downloadable update crashes . Level 1 tech support put me on hold for level 2 . After 23 minutes I gave up . Do not buy this product .
 Unless I missed it there was no mention of operating system compatability , so I wrongly assumed that it would work with 64 bit Windows Vista . The product would have done exactly what I wanted but I ordered it , it arrived , and after scratching my head as to why my PC could n't find the print server even after following the setup instructions to the letter , I finally got onto Cisco 's live chat and spoke to a rep. As soon as I told him I was running 64 bit Vista , he immediately said that none of their products were supported by 64 bit Vista . UGH ! Would have been nice to know that before buying this!Amazon , please update this advertisement to add the operating systems this product is compatable with . I have been pleased with every purchase I 've made from Amazon until now .
 A real b -- to set up ... do n't buy !!!! I still have not got mine to work !!!
 UPDATE
 Works great on main desktop PC . After trying to install on additional desktop running Vista Home Premium 64 Bit received an immediate error that the print server does not support Vista 64 Bit . I called Linksys Tech support and answer was `` We are aware of problem , but have no solution '' . I will return the print server and look elsewhere ...
 What is it with Linksys ? I am told they are the best on the market , but none of their software works as advertised ... you always have to patch firmware!Here I am day two trying to get a Mac and Windows Vista 64 to talk to this thing . `` Connect Fail '' and other meaningless messages abound.I understand that this works with Vista 32 or XP , but do not expect this thing to work out of the box .
 This may be a good print server , I could n't tell you . The install wizard could not find it , and the Linsksys help page was little help . It gave several reasons that could prevent it from being seen , but little if any resolution help . Finally got on with Linksys tech support and explained that I was not able to install a Linksys print server on a Linksys network , since the Linksys network would not issue it an IP address . After 4 hours of several questions then `` run the wizard again '' , over and over ... attempting to install using two different computers ... the tech gave up . The tech 's advice conflicted with the help page , the bottom line was it would not install no matter what was tried . I think what frustrated me most was the tech telling me to `` run the wizard again '' after we had done nothing other than question and answer from the previous attempt . If the Linksys techs are that incompetent , I will avoid their products in the future.Just sent it back to Amazon and will purchase a different brand.I am not a novice to networking and hardware installation . It should not be that difficult .
 Although I could get this to successfully print a test page from my MacBook Pro running 10.5.4 , anything else I tried to print only resulted in blank pages . This is absolutely unacceptable and this product should embarrass the software developers at Linksys , especially with the high price tag this carries . I quickly returned the product and replaced it with a D-Link print server that works great from both Windows and Mac . I 'm very disappointed with Linksys on this one , as I 'm generally a fan of their products .
 I was on the phone with Linksys for 4 hours to set this thing up with my Brand New laptop that just so happens to be on their website to be capatible with Vista . Nope , right out of the rep 's mouth and me spending 4 hours wasting my time and effort . Annoyed .
 i never got it from the seller i paid for it on 6-17 -2008 and never received it amazon says it takes up to 3 weeks for them to investagate so im out my my money and i have to look else where for the product .
 I have n't figured out how to get it to work yet . Is it necessary to have a wireless router ? I do n't have one . Does that mean I ca n't make this product work ?
 After many hours on the phone with Linksys , they finally admitted that the multifunction aspect of this server does not work . The server is supposed to allow print , scan and copy capabilities from all computers connected to the server . However the respresentative I spoke with at Linksys was not able to get these capabilities to work , or able to tell me how to get them to work , even after admitting that the printer I use is on the list of `` supported '' printers . Very disappointed with this purchase , and I will be returning it .
 The unit works well , even with a Belkin pre-N wireless router , tight security settings , and MAC filtering . Range is good , and it properly handles multifunction printer/scanners like the Dell 924 . HOWEVER , beware that the software drivers for your computer DEMAND that the computer attached to this unit be the DEFAULT printer . You have no choice ; if you change the default printer , the software will change it back to the one connected to this device.The only way around it is to RENAME the connected printer . Then , when you want to use it again , you have to name it BACK to the software-recommended name ... it wo n't work unless it 's named exactly the same thing as it was.Other than that silly software design , it works.Good documentation ... just no way around that feature .
 I spent hours on tech support with Linksys , and was told to send it back
 Would not install drivers on Windows Vista Laptop . Linksys wont support this either and blew me off
 ... because this device will not work with Apple computers . If there was an option to rate it 0 stars I would have .
 The network could n't find the print server , and tech support was no help . After a few hours of struggling with it , I boxed it up and sent it back . I think the tech support guy was relieved .
 After i installed this product I was happy with its ability to function with my multi function all in one , however this product for some reason unknown to me loses its ability to work wirelessly and i have to hard wire my all in one and shut down my network and redo the diagnostics and there is some problem with the `` printer driver '' even though my printer driver is up to date .
 Got this to use with an HP laser/fax/scanner multifunction printer to share between two computers . Do n't waste your time with this unless all you want to do is use it strictly as a print server , no scanning . Just buy another multifunction printer and save yourself a lot of aggravation and time . Even though the printer I hooked it up to was listed as a supported printer , it would not work properly as a scanner on the remote computer . Plus you need to `` connect '' to the print server manually in order to scan even if you do get it working . Tech support was useless provided only rudimentary suggestions , as is typical , and was a further waste of time.On the other hand , Amazon provided exceptional service when I wanted to return it , and processed the return in record time .
 Before you buy this product check to make sure your computer is not working on Vista 's 64 bit operating system . Seems most PCs these days are being sold with Vista 64 bit but this product DOES NOT SUPPORT this operating system.My HP computer is fairly new and after 4 calls to India , I was told `` NO DRIVERS ARE AVAILBALE FOR VISTA -64 bit '' . I wondered , `` how can a company such as Linksys sell a product that will NOT run on million of new PC 's being sold these days ? `` It 's like selling me a new car and telling me it `` runs on a special fuel that is not available '' . So what do you do with this product once you 've bought it and NO where does it say '' This product does not run on Vista 64 bit PCs '' ? . I suggest potential buyers read the LINKSYS forum regarding this product . The frustration voiced here is a `` MUST READ '' . I remain shocked that a quality company like Linksys would be so `` ill prepared '' selling a product to unsuspecting buyers with no DRIVERS available '' . The product manager should be embarassed.Buyers ... Beware ... . If you have infinite time and patience this product is for YOU .
 The setup was not difficult , and the server works generally well for my XP machine , but there is no Macintosh support . I shared the printer on the XP machine , but Mac still ca n't print to it -- I get the error `` unsupported personality : PCL '' all day long . The product does not include software for the Macintosh.It is also expensive for what it is -- a single port print server . Other users report problems with Vista.So you are better off buying a wireless printer . Lexmark makes these , and they support remote Macintosh printing . However the all-in-one models do not support remote scanning from a Macintosh , so beware .
 Purchased three new Linksys devices including this one and not one of the Wizards worked on XP or Vista . After working with technical support for two hours in chat and trying everything under the sun , never could get this unit to work . Got good reviews by many , but after this experience , I will never buy Linksys brand again . They have really gone down hill with both design and quality .
 There is no way to give this zero stars or I would!I have been trying for months to get the this piece of junk to work . In my experience I have found Linksys to extremely poor customer service , however , for the most part their products have worked or I have been able to get them to work . Not this junk.When I first purchased it I was unable to get it to work on my desktop - finally broke down and called customer service . After a few hang-ups -LRB- by them -RRB- and others techs who just did n't understand I was told for $ 10 they would remote access my computer and install . FINALLY after 90 minutes got it to work . Told I could call back in and have a second computer configured - then they would n't honor that when I did call back.Started working on it myself . Configured my laptop - works for maybe a week then nothing . I have reinstalled until I just can not do it again.NEVER worked with Adobe files - would send it into a mad printing of strange characters across the top of a page - 10s of pages.DO NOT waste your time or money !!! They have n't updated the firmware since Dec 2008 so all the features -LRB- scan , fax -RRB- will not even work on the HP multi-purpose printer I have .09 / 2009 - UPDATE ! The firmware still has to be updated . STAY AWAY FROM THIS PRODUCT !!!
 I was disappointed with this Linksys product . I just could n't get it to connect to my three PCs properly . I am not a neophyte and I thought the installation procedure should have gone without a hitch . But it did n't and I wish I had not purchased the product . I have had installation problems with other Linksys products , especially those wireless products for my 64-bit Vista OS . I did n't call tech support because I have trouble understanding the Indian techs , and I did n't want to spend two hours on the phone .
 First purchase had a broken antenna so I exchanged it.Not sure where on the Web I found it but I checked the compatibility list for my HP LaserJet 3055 and it was n't on it . The HP LaserJet 3050 is very similar and it is on the list so I hoped the 3055 would work . Wrong ! The PrintServer could not match the driver for the 3055 with the printer it detected which was the 3055 . Anyhow , I re-installed the driver several times and this product just does n't work with the LaserJet 3055 . Check the compatibility list before you purchase this product . I just ordered an HP Jetdirect ew2400 which is much more expensive but I 'm hopeful that it will at least work .
 I 've had this thing for about 2 months and tomorrow I 'm replacing it with another brand . It 's INCREDIBLY slow when printing -LRB- reduced my printer 's output rates by about 75 % -RRB- . Worse yet , sometimes it just wo n't allow one of the computers accessing it to print . No reason , it just wo n't connect to that computer . It 's often better in the morning -LRB- who knows why -RRB- . I 've become very handy at unplugging the USB cable from the printserver and plugging it directly into the front of my computer when it does this . I 've tried troubleshooting -- it appears not to be releasing from the last computer that accessed it . Later this week I 'll post a YouTube video of me lighting it on fire in my backyard . Do yourself a favor -- buy another brand .
 I do n't always give only one-star to a product , but when I do , I give it to the Cisco-Linksys Wireless-G Print Server with Multifunction Printer Support ... This product is bad from beginning to end . The setup is cumbersome and finicky . Once you plug the device , it will require constant reboots -LRB- I have one and access to two more , they all did that . -RRB- I have to reboot my device at least once , sometimes twice a day . What a horrible product . Stay away .
 For the cost , you 'd be better off buying a multifunction device with wireless or wired network capabilities built-in . While it might be tempting to want to save a few dollars -LRB- your old multifunction works great , but you want to share it -RRB- , this device will cause you more frustration than it 's worth . I set it up and successfully configured my Canon MP830 to use it , but sharing it with several computers requires you to take control of the device to initiate any action . Think if this less of a print server -LRB- which could take simultaneous requests from several computers -RRB- and more of a USB over ethernet adapter - you logically connect and disconnect from the device each time you want to use it and take exclusive control . Just a pain .
 After multiple attempts to set up the server I returned it . The software refused to identify my printer , saying that I needed to install the drivers . However , since my printer worked fine without the server , I find that a bit hard to believe . Sorry Cisco , you 're a no go .
 Item was received . It will not light up , set up will not complete and the power light will not go on . Bummer
 Does anyone see anywhere here or on Linksys ' site where they tell you that this does not work with Windows 7 ? No , you do n't Linksys will sell you the unit , and then do nothing about supporting it . You will be out the money . I 've seen a few posts on some of the forums where very technical people came up with work arounds but they are not easy , I ended up returning over 200 dollars worth of Linksys equipment I had bought because this unit will not work . Had they been upfront on their site I would not have ordered the item . As it was I felt very cheated , as do many other people.Amazon needs to give this product the boot ASAP .
 Linksys and Amazon both do a smooth job of hiding the fact that this thing is not compatible with Windows 7 . If you are using W7 forget it .
 This product only operates with Windows 2000 and Windows XP . Windows 7 has been the offering for nearly a year , and the product does not support it . Please be warned !!
 The big problem with this item is that it is not Windows 7 compatible . It may have been a great print server with Windows XP , but when you go to install the software on a Windows 7 computer , you receive a message saying the OS is not supported and , for most people , that is as far as you can go . I returned the item for a refund . As far as I can remember , I think that this is the first item I ever purchased from Amazon that I had to return .
 Is n't compatible with Windows 7 and Cisco online chat did n't seem to have another suggested product . I just bought a new printer instead !
 I called Linksys to find a wireless print server that was Windows 7 compatible . This was the unit they recommended so I bought one . Installation is a little tedious but if you take your time it goes okay . It took about 30 minutes or so to get the print server itself installed and the software setup . After that you need to setup your printer . THAT 'S when the setup program decides to tell you that it 's not compatible with Windows 7 . So I made another call to Linksys only to be told that yes ... it 's not compatible . I was told they were working on it . They have NO idea how long it 'll be but if I want to wait ... they 'll email me when the new software is done . Wow ... thanks ... maybe not . The other option is a link they gave me to a 3rd party work-around solution . I was n't going through all that so I just returned the unit . It 's a shame that I and Amazon have to suffer for Linksys ' lack of service . Maybe they should HIRE the guy that figured it out and FIRE the guys that are `` working '' on it . Obviously I was just extremely disappointed by the whole experience .
 After trying to install the Linksys WPSM54g wireless printserver without success , technical support at Linksys/Sysco informed me that the printserver may not be compatible with the Windows Vista 64 bit OS!I obviously can not review the product any further .
 I had no luck with installing this wireless print server even after contacting Linksys tech support . I am fairly computer savvy and followed all instructions , downloaded firmware for my Linksys wireless router , contacted customer service and they wanted to charge me for help . No thanks !! I returned the `` POS '' Linksys print server and bought the HP Wireless G print server which installed stress-free . It was so easy -- just install the CDROM and follow the instructions . I had all four of my laptops wirelessly printing in less than 30 minutes . BOTTOM LINE
 I have spent numerous HOURS on tech support trying to get this product set up on my network . The setup CD does not `` see '' the print server . Changes to the print server settings make the web server on the print server crash . Tech support was run around after run around . I even returned the product once and got a new one from the store and had the same issues . I would love to have a wireless print server on my network but I have to finally admit that it wo n't be a linksys print server on my network . Remember the good ole days of Linksys ? Great products , easy setup , and low price ... well I am sad to say ... . Ever since they have added the cisco label to their name , I think those days are long gone .
 Too bad you do n't let the buyer know that this device has no support for W/7 . Probably a good product but zero stars go to Amazon for performance .
 This is not compatible with Windows Vista -LRB- which was released by Microsoft in 2006 -RRB- . The box clearly states that Windows Vista is not one of the compatible operating systems for the device . I had a buddy of mine -LRB- a software engineer -RRB- fiddle with it and try every which way to force it to work , but could n't . Incompatibility with Windows Vista is a huge deal , and the seller should put that on the product info page -LRB- they did not -RRB- . The redeeming quality of this device is that , had it worked , installation is a cinch . Just plug and go .
 This did not work at all . Total waste of money . Tech support could not resolve the problem and I wasted hours of my time trying hermit working on my very stable network .
 Not worth the time or money . A pain to set up and would n't keep the printer connected . Kept dropping out of the network at random intervals . Returned for refund !
 The installation software did not work as promised , and I had to uninstall and reinstall a few times in order to get the unit setup to the point where I could do a manual configuration of the printer in WinXP . If you are not fairly adept at Windows , you are going to be VERY frustrated . Also , you will lose the Scan and FAX features of your USB multifunction printer . Apparently , you can only make those work with a direct connection to the USB port .
 This product took about an entire DAY to setup , and it is STILL not working on MOST of the computers in my home.On the first computer I installed it , it works regularly , on all of the others it works RARELY.I do not know what the problem is , and when calling LINKSYS the customer service was TERRIBLE . I got passed from one lackee to the next - I am a software engineer by trade , for 25 + years , and they go through the lame standard checkout and then finally pass you on to someone else.But the first time I called , the guy made believe he could n't hear me all of a sudden - I could hear him , and he was like `` if you can hear me please call back , your call code id is ... . saying it way too ridiculously fast . `` Horrible horrible - I 've got a million things to do , with a home and raising three children , doing what I can to stay afloat - and can you imagine I 've got to spend HOURS on a stupid little printer server ????? I bought the thing to do a simple little job , and I got RIPPED OFF not just once , but every minute I spend trying to fix it - guess I just have to face the music , that good old LINKSYS AND CISCO robbed me , and there 's nothing I can do but leave this flame message , hoping that there business goes the way it should - OUT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Let 's FIRE THEM America !!!
 I bought the WPSM54G about a year ago . Prior to that I had been using a D-link WP-311P attached to an HP Business Inkjet 2550 , which had been a breeze to set up worked well for six years with my Winodws and Mac OS-X mahcines.Given the high cost , hard to find supplies for the HP 2550 , I thought it might be a good time to consider replacing my printer . I bought an Epson CX-9400 AIO printer and initially set up the printer directly over USB . The Linksys WPSM54G seemed like it might be a good solution becasue it offered the potential for bidirectional access and use of all the printer features from any of my machines.Well , maybe if you have one of a a small Linksys-blessed mostly Canon printers it 'll work great , as ohter reviewers have stated . I think you can forget about getting full bidirectional support of most HP and Epson AIO devices.I was able to follow the convoluted instructions supplied with the WPSM54G to set up the print server on my wireless LAN . But getting the print server on the LAN is only the first part of the battle . Next , it is necessary to install software to provide a virtual USB port to fool your AIO device 's drivers into thinking they 're still communicating with a directly wired printer . I my case , no amount tinkering , cajoling or swearing was sufficient to get it to work . The Linksys configuration software stoically insisted that no print drivers were installed ; game over Dude!Just to prove to myself I was n't daffy , I tried setting up an HP 2600n color laser printer with the WPSM54G , and that worked , but was pointless since the HP 2605N has an ehternet port that allows it to be plugged directly into my router , rendering the need for a wireless box moot . I experimented a little with the WPSM54G using using the HP 2600n as a test mule , and found the Linksys virtual USB softwrare and/or the WPSM54G firware is buggy . It does n't alwasys cede control when a given PC is finished using the print server . Even the original PC winds up getting locked out , necessitating a power cyle of the print server to release the lock-out . My ultimate solution was to simply get a printer that already had Ethernet and Wi-Fi built in . For just a few dollars more than I paid for the WPSM54G I found an Epson Workforce 510 at a local warehouse club , and it works without drama with my 32 bit Windows and Macintosh OS-X machines.My recommendation is to simply upgrade your printer instead of spending hours trying to get the Linksys WPSM54G to work .
 Unless you run only 32 bit OS or older DO NOT BUY . there is NO 64 bit support for vista or Mac OSX . lynksys tech help simply blames your existing hardware and tries to sell you a pay to repair tech service . DO NOT RECCOMEND to anyone not totally tech savvy as it took three tries to install and much configuration after it did install .
 For some reason , Linksys decided not to include IP printing support for this device . What a big disappointment . That means Windows ONLY . And where do thay state that ??
 I bought this printer server partly because of the good reviews here . It works well mostly , but I did encountered a few problems that I feel worth mentioning :1 . The manual says Internet printing -LRB- LPR -RRB- is supported , but in fact it is not . The related settings mentioned in the manual do not exist in the web admin interface . I am referring to the sections `` Printer Tab -- Internet Printing '' and `` Printer Tab -- Logical Port '' in Charpter 6 of the manual .2 . A more serious problem is that whenever my printer goes into sleep , i.e. automatically powers off , the USB connection is lost . The only way to get the USB connection back is to unplug and re-plug the USB cable . This is a huge pain to me . I am using Brother HL-6050D .
 I returned my first unit , bought in a CompUSA store , because the connector attaching the antenna to the unit base was sheared . The replacement unit had the identical problem - clearly some automated process and a lack of quality control/inspection during the final boxing.So I used some cyanoacetate glue and slapped it together.The configuration of the server is done in two steps
 The Linksys WPSM54G is sold on-line only as of spring , 2007 . It is an innovative product , providing bidirectional support to multifunction printers that also include scanning and FAX . Unlike a majority of wireless print servers at the time of its introduction , it supports WPA2 authentication with AES encryption.Installation is complex but fairly problem-free . Once properly set up , connections survive power cycles and reboots . The built-in HTTP management utility provides adequate and easily used support for changes to configurations . Transmission speed is noticeably slower than wireless bandwidth should permit , compromising operations with bulky scans and with printers that perform `` in-host processing '' and transmit print images.Unfortunately the WPSM54G has two fatal drawbacks , so we are selling the unit we bought . Windows printer names are set only as defaults , and those defaults do not mean anything in the context of our offices , which have several shared printers . If one changes a Windows printer name , all communication with the printer stops without any warning . Wireless printer connections can be installed on Windows 2003 Server and they do work , as long as there is an active console session . Most of the time , however , no one will be logged in on a server , and all communications with the printer stop without warning . We asked Linksys technical support about these issues , but they had no solutions .
 As others have mentioned , it would have been great -LRB- and just good business practice -RRB- on Cisco 's part to have , at least , mentioned the incompatibility factor.After setting up the Print Server on my XP desktop -LRB- worked great -RRB- , I went on to set up my 64x Vista laptop ... I was very disappointed by the result of this . The installation disc yields an error ` Incompatible OS ' . The biggest contention I have with this is that this incompatiblity is not mentioned in any of the documentation.I was actually able to get this device recognized by my Vista machine via manual setup . But , it is very problematic . Due to the fundamental incompatibility , some smaller -LRB- text only -RRB- files will map and print to the print server . Most others -LRB- large and / or with images -RRB- only print partially w / errors or not at all . Very frustrating . Would have been nice to know of this OS incompatibility issue before purchasing this sub-par device.Thanks Cisco !!! You 're the tops !
 Ugh . One would think that in this day and age -LRB- an era where we can - supposedly - do things like print wirelessly from any computer to any printer . -RRB- a tech company would seriously consider several important factors when developing an item : -LRB- 1 -RRB- Compatibility . We Mac owners are people too , damnit . Is it really that difficult to throw in an option for us ? -LRB- 2 -RRB- Usable Documentation . That means manuals that have things in them besides `` Run the included software and continue doing the same thing you 've been trying for the past 4 hours '' -LRB- OK , that 's not what it actually says - but it might as well -RRB- -LRB- 3 -RRB- Comprehensible Error Messages . What the F * does `` PJL fail '' mean ? And why am I being told over and over that my LAN segment does not match with my computer , when it * clearly * does ? Hm , maybe I should check the User Manual ... oh wait , right , that would be a total waste of my time . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Drivers & Firmware updates . Ones that you can access and download without considering making shady back-alley-type `` free trial '' deals with creeper websites . -LRB- 5 -RRB- A Useful FAQ/Support section on the website . One that does n't drive you away to unknown forums where people constantly call you `` Noob . `` OK , so thats my rant . Bottom line - I can not get this to work between my Canon MP470 & Macbook running OSX 10.6 even when using the Crossover application -LRB- allows you to run Win programs on Mac -RRB- After spending 3 days unplugging and replugging cables , checking forums , downloading everything under the sun , resetting the device , resetting my computer , & basically rewiring my whole apt , this Print Server is going right back where it came from . Which apparently is the Black Void of Linksys 's product development center .
 Linksys technical support told me this would work with Windows 7 -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- . So , I bought it . After two hours of frustration with Cisco/Linksys technical support , the technician said she needed to consult with another technician and would phone me back in 15 minutes . She never did . This item does not work with Windows 7 -LRB- 32 bit -RRB- . Moreover , a company represntative told me that Cisco/Linksys was going out of the print server business . What to do ? Buy a new printer with built-in print server . If I could , I would rate this product at less than one star .
 I am not sure how this device works . I never got to the point with customer service to determine if it worked with my Canon Pixma MP780 AIO . I am a sophisticated computer user . But when I encountered problems with the software connecting the AIO to the router , I called customer service . The LinkSys technician -LRB- from India -RRB- attempted to be helpful . He spent two hours on the phone trying to get the print server to work using remote access to my computer . BTW , he told me to disable all firewall protection during the two hour session and at one point had me reset all of my IE settings to default -LRB- I later discovered that reseting IE is not a good thing to do unless it is not working - probably disabling the firewall for two hours during a remote session is not a good idea either . -RRB- The technician told me at the outset that I would be charged $ 9.99 for his assistance , but that I would owe nothing if he could not fix the problem . At the beginning of the session , he took a credit card number and charged my card . After he concluded two hours later that the problem might be that the LinkSys print server was not compatible with my router -LRB- there is nothing on the LinkSys site about incompatible routers that I could find -RRB- , he suggested that I buy a LinkSys router in addition to the printer server , or return the print server to Amazon . He also said he would credit the $ 9.99 charge because he could not solve the problem.Of course , no credit appeared on the charge card . About ten days later I called customer service -LRB- in India -RRB- again . After some dicussion , a supervisor agreed that I should receive the credit . About a week later - no credit . I ended up calling my bank and having it reverse the charge . Seems like a lot of trouble on my part to get the credit I was promised twice by customer service.But this is the important point of this review . If your unit does not work for any reason , simply return it . Do not bother with customer service . It will cost you more than your valuable time is worth . I finally returned the print server to Amazon . Amazon was very good , very efficient with the return .
 This product was a bad experience from start to finish -LRB- in which ` finish ' was my wife saying , `` just throw the thing away '' . -RRB- On the plus side
 Linksys Wireless-G PrintServer WPS54G - Print server - Hi-Speed USB - EN , Fast EN , 802.11 b , 802.11 g - 10Base-T , 100Base-TXAfter purchasing item , found out that it is not compatable with Windows Vista or my printer , Canon Pro9000 . Was able to return it to Amazon .
 The idea behind this is great but it does not support all printers . I have a canon lazer printer -LRB- new -RRB- and it did not support it . Call Linksys before you buy to see if it supports your printer .
 This print server is not compatible with Windows 7 . I do n't recall that being mentioned in the requirements . Perhaps I missed it ; I do n't know.The non-compatibility is confirmed by Linksys tech support . They could not predict a date when a patch might be available to use with this print server . So , I have a brand new wireless print server with no packaging that I ca n't use . No original package means not returnable .
 I bought this after a new Cisco router was installed that was not compatible with my existing wireless print server . It does not work with Windows 7 operating systems . I called tech support and worked with them for over an hour during which they tried some sort of `` work around '' . No success . So do not buy this if you have a Windows 7 system or are planning on moving to it during the next few years .
 Do NOT buy this print server . It will not work with Windows 7 -- and Linksys will not help . Maybe if you plan never , ever to upgrade from Windows XP it might be useful , but otherwise it is a piece of unsupported junk .
 Beware it does not work with Windows 7 ! Despite being computer savvy & multiple hours on-line with tech support , this item refused to get anything to print , even when connected via ethernet cable . Cisco states that they will be releasing the Win 7 driver ` soon ' , whatever that means . I then tried to get the ` ad-hoc ' feature to work & tried other on-line ideas to no avail . It is now back in the box via usps.Bottom line is do n't waste your time - either stick with the usb cable or buy a new printer with built-in wireless networking !
 I got about 1 trouble free year out of this . I had PCs with XP and Vista , and an Epson Cx5000 multifunction . Even though it was ` unsupported ' , it worked fine once I got it working . Bidirectional support was fine , the scanner worked great , everything . I always used a static IP.When my wife got a Windows 7 Laptop , the trouble started . It would print , but lock up , or be 3 inches out of line , and keep sending the same out of whack document over and over.I scoured every website and tried everything.So I upgraded the firmware - then it would n't work at all . From any computer . It 's own diagnostic would n't recognize it on the network . The software does n't have an option for setting the static IP address , and apparently is n't smart enough to find it.After threatening it with a hammer , I uninstalled and reinstalled everything . I reset the print server to disable the static IP . Finally I got it working on my XP machine again.On the W7 computer , this finally worked : Identify it as a TCP/IP port for the printer.Set the port as LPR with a que name of L1 -LRB- whatever that means ! -RRB- Somewhere in the advanced settings I set the RAW mode to ` FF auto ' . Now she can print from Office 2010 and it works.Still - Bidirectional mode is out . So there 's no monitoring of the ink or paper out , and no scanner function . I had to disable the standard monitor window , since it gives a ` Communication Error ' message , even though it 's printing just fine.C ` mon CISCO . You 're the -LRB- and I quote -RRB- `` Worldwide leader in networking that transforms how people connect , communicate and collaborate . `` Yet , as someone said on a forum , Windows 7 seems to have taken Cisco completely by surprise .
 This print server is terrible - the setup program dose n't work on any windows box , you ca n't connect and do a straight LPD print to it 's ip address , the support is awful , and using it is a pain . I 'd sell the one I have , but I would n't want to force someone else to use this terrible product . So I 'll swallow the cost and get a wireless print server that actually works .
 I 'm sure glad I spent the minimum purchasing a refurbished -LRB- not returnable -RRB- unit . I did a lot of research about this product on the Linksys and sellers ' web sites , but unfortunately did not pay enough attention to other Amazon customer reviews . Well , I 've just gone back and read other reviews posted here . Yes , I have the 64 bit Vista OS , which this print server will not work with , a fact that was not disclosed in the product literature on the web sites . And no , my Brother C240 multi-function printer is not compatible - the literature says `` most '' printers are compatible . So , it is ` my bad ' for not doing all the homework I should have done before buying it . However the fact that Linksys has no driver update for Vista is inexcusable . Needless to say , my next router will not be a Linksys product . I find it pretty disappointing that the seller or Amazon did n't note the Vista incompatibility , too .
 I purchased this not realizing that it works with so few printers . I even went out and bought a new printer , and yes , you guessed it , it did n't work with that one either . It is very limited on which printers it works with so BE CAREFUL to research , and check thoroughly if it will work with your printer . I had been using a linksys wired print server for years , and I was very happy with it , but this one did not work . It also has major issues working with Windows Vista . I just wish that these companies would work together a little more closely when designing a product .
 After some setup challanges , this device worked pretty well with my old Brother printer , but when I bought a new HP color laser , it would not support it . Finally after many converstaions with Linksys support , they said it would not work with my printer and could not be upgraded to do so . They even suggested that I exchange my printer for one on thier support list ! :--LRB- Unacceptable .
 If your computer runs windows vista 64bit or the new windows 7 , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT!It will not work . Since this is a bi-directional server , you must install a virtual USB port on each oomputer.This software will not install on 64bit computers . You are then left with sending your print jobs to the servers IP address which is a -RRB- one way only so forget about that fancy printer/scanner you have and b -RRB- will not work anyway . This unit refuses to work as a traditional print server.The box and web site both say vista supported.I called customer service and spoke to a level 1 tech . He did not know what a print server was . Level 2 was no better . Level 3 began to tell me how I could set it up on a TCP/IP port . I explained I wanted the bi-directional function I PAID FOR , and he said he thought he had a solution and would call back in a hour . That was three days ago .
 This print server is not the announced `` wonderful thing '' . Please check the printer compatibility list BEFORE you purchase this item . I was long awaiting for such solution and when it came to install it , everything had gone to trash . Nothing works . I have a Canon MF6530 multifunction printer , scanner and copier , the printer was never recognized by the print server and its operation over wireless is not as secure as it says . I am very sorry about my coments but I think it is my obligation to say it out loud .
 Does NOT work well with Canon multifunction printer . Infuriating software insists that the Canon drivers need to be installed and will not proceed with the rest of its own installation even though the printer * IS * properly installed . Browsed web to find workaround that allowed sharing just the printer but not other functions but that connection was still not reliable . I returned this device and bought a Silex -LRB- specifically suited for the Canon -RRB- instead which installed easily and works flawlessly .
 The Linksys WPSM54G is sold on-line only as of spring , 2007 . It is an innovative product , providing bidirectional support to multifunction printers that also include scanning and FAX . Unlike a majority of wireless print servers at the time of its introduction , it supports WPA2 authentication with AES encryption.Installation is complex but fairly problem-free . Once properly set up , connections survive power cycles and reboots . The built-in HTTP management utility provides adequate and easily used support for changes to configurations . Transmission speed is noticeably slower than wireless bandwidth should permit , compromising operations with bulky scans and with printers that perform `` in-host processing '' and transmit print images.Unfortunately the WPSM54G has two fatal drawbacks , so we are selling the unit we bought . Windows printer names are set only as defaults , and those defaults do not mean anything in the context of our offices , which have several shared printers . If one changes a Windows printer name , all communication with the printer stops without any warning . Wireless printer connections can be installed on Windows 2003 Server and they do work , as long as there is an active console session . Most of the time , however , no one will be logged in on a server , and all communications with the printer stop without warning . We asked Linksys technical support about these issues , but they had no solutions .
 I just spent 3 hours with tech support and was finally informed that this unit is not supported by XP SP3.They are working on compatibility problems with another product , thus this is not on the current queue for upgrade.EXTREMELY disappointing support from a company such as cisco .
 Allthough its advertized as a wonderful and magic solution to share the printer/scanner , unfortunately there is nothing magic or wonderful in this product.The main complain would be the lack of information on the requirements and limitations that you 'll find out when you start using this product :1 . You must PHYSICALLY install the printer/scanner on every single computer that needs to have access to it . Installing the driver/software only wont work . If you have many computers and a heavy MF then you 'll have to go and install one by one prior to anything .2 . You must install an additional software on the computers that will trick the printer/scanners drivers to use them via network . These are additional services that will have to run on the computers .3 . For printing this utility will lock the connection between your computer and the print server until one minute after you 've finished printing . If other computers try to print they 'll get an error . This is very annoying .4 . For scanning you need to use a Linksys utility to lock the communication between your computer and the print server . Neddless to say that nobody will be able to print or set prints in the print queue .5 . For scanning it does n't always work well . HP scanning software -LRB- or twain driver -RRB- sometimes gets blocked and a reboot is required.Awful product . A lot of improvement is required before seriously considering it `` a solution '' .
 I spent hours trying to get this to work , and I am pretty good with computers . Spent hours on the phone with linksys and finally got someone who said if my wireless router isnt Linksys it probably wont work . I bought this to use with my multifunction printer , will return .
 It also somehow corrupted the system restore database . Installation is two part , the wireless part UI does not even start right . I have to configure that on XP system . Using the method on the Linksys system to configure the wireless found out the WEP method it support using different key length than our wireless AP -- which is not made by Linksys . By the WEP standard , the WEP-64 key length is 13 , and WEP-128 key length is 26 . This Linksys printer server using WEP-64 max key length 10 ! We already have the access point programed with max WEP64 key length 13 , so this device will not work , unless we re-program the access point and all the devices and notebook communicate with the AP . Why Linksys does not allow the max length the standard specified?Second part installation is the printer server driver installation , which hang at 99 % compeletion on Vista . After reboot the system , it shows the driver installed , but it does not work with a failure sign on the driver on Vista.Try to remove the partial install by run Vista System Restore to get rid of the Linksys driver to the OS change . However , the system restore can not run successfully , this Linksys installation corrupted the system restore database!Can not believe After a year Vista release , Linksys still making device that is not Vista compatible !
 The setup wizard did not work with Vista , which required me to perform the setup manually . Most often , I need to power cycle the print server before using , otherwise sheets and sheets of garbage characters will be printed rather than the job I sent . I spoke to someone that has the same print server , that when used wired , the print server is much more reliable in its operation .
 Wow , what a piece of $ # ! % . . It 's been a long that I have seen not only a poor product , but the support is worse ! It loaded on the XP system and I went on to load a laptop running Vista , guess what , error is OS is not supported . FAQ 's , and linksys 's VIRTUAL CHAT would pull up 15 answers that were useless ... Four hours wasted on a product that does not work ... I 'm sending it back ...
 Linksys utility can not find my print driver and wo n't set it up . Spent a long time on the phone with technical support giving personal information -LRB- and repeating it several times -RRB- just to be transferred to someone who could help me ; but not actually . Instead I was placed on hold for 15 minutes and then hung up on TWICE !!!! Horrible customer service . Poor software . Product never did work , even with tweaking the network and printer settings .
 The Linksys Wireless-G PrintServer with Multifunction Printer Support is not up to the normal linksys quality that I expected.In order to configure the PrintServer properly , you need to connect your PC , and PrintServer to your router via a HARD WIRED ethernet port and have your printer connected to the print server via USB cable . So everything has to be in the same location connected together . This is why I have a wireless network in my home in the first place , so my devices can be moved around without being hard wired.I should have returned the product then , but I decided to relocate half of my equipment and continue the setup . I followed all the instructions carefully . Then I got to step 6 and my printer did not show up on the list on the setup screen . The manual said to click refresh , but that did not work either . My PrintSever was not discoverable . I decided to try it again on my other PC , but I got the same bad results.I was frustrated and disappointed , but decided to call the customer support line anyways just in case I was not doing something correctly.The customer support person did a good job to help me setup the print server , even if it took 1 and 1/2 hours . I ran the setup to install the drivers on the computer upstairs too , and this time the software installed the drivers correctly and my printer showed up on the PrintSever list.I was happy I was able to print wireless and setup a PC to print on my network as well . But as soon as I tried to scan , it failed . I tried a few things really quickly to resolve the issue like restarting the computers , unplugging the PrintServer for 10 seconds , none of my quick troubleshooting techniques worked.Needless to say , I 'm done . I am not passing go and collecting my 200 dollars , or trying to update the drivers or firmware or anything like that . I 'm returning this piece of junk , and you should NEVER BUY THIS PRODUCT . Please save yourself time and aggravation.PS
 This product has given me more grief to install than setting up the whole wired and wireless network in my house . I used an HP PSC 1350 as USB printer . I have 2 XP computers , 1 desktop and 1 laptop . The WPSM54G took hours to install on a desktop XP , and it is very critical that the sequence of events get followed . I got it working there but the reason why we need a network printer is for multiple computers . Then tried on a wireless laptop XP , and spent days figuring out how to make it work . Even Linksys tech support could n't provide an answer why the install stops at 76 % . Read a bunch of reviews and like anyone , I was stubborn to listen because it is a Linksys . I 'm convinced now that this product should be taken out of the market as it damages the Linksys brand . I bought it on sale and I got what I paid for . I would suggest that people buy a new printer with a network card built in rather than this product . Sell the old printer , or donate them to family/friends , then use the money for the new printer . It 'll save you far more time in my mind . I have a 3rd Vista and I will not even dare to install the WPSM54G as uninstall is not clean . Buyers anyone ???
 This product does n't work . I 've gone through the EXACT setup instructions and wizards multiple times now , and although it says success at the end , the printer does not show up in my printer list , and my PC can never `` find '' the print server on the wireless network . My PC is 6 feet from my wireless router/access point and I 'm running a Thinkpad T60 , so it 's not my hardware or my connection . Do NOT buy this product .
 Will not work with Windows 7 . . Was not compatible with any printer in my Home ...
 The LinkSys Wireless-G Printserver does not work with 64 bit VISTA . Of course , nothing on Amazon nor on the Linksys website indicate this . The advertisment that this works with VISTA seems to be a weak statement , in lieu of what I just typed !! Do not buy this if you have 64 bit VISTA !!
 There needs to be much more information on the box and in the description about compatibility with systems & hardware . I had to return this at my expense when just a little more information would have let me make a better choice .
 This product did not work as advertised with Canon pixma mp780 and a desktop running Windows 2000 . Worst customer support I have ever dealt with . I will never buy another linksys product and Amazon should consider ending relationship with this atrocious company.After spending several hours with technical support and on hold , we were never able to get a single test page to print out . Installation would always fail after trying to load drivers .
 We bought two of these . Worked fine for 3 months and then battery 's went bad . There are no replacement battery 's obtainable per customer service . These things are spin offs of `` EMERSON '' products . You 've probably seen them in stores . Emerson is the bottom of the food chain in electronics . Save your money , invest in a brand name . Do n't buy one of these to be thrown out and your kids disappointed in only a few months . And Oh yes , lets go back to customer service for a minute . Try emailing customer service with the email given in the owners manual . It comes back as `` No such address '' . Phone number ... `` the toll free number you dialed is disconnected ... . no further number is available '' ... . RIP OFF !
 Do n't waste your time and money on Durabrand products . I purchased the portable DVD player and had to return it , only for the second one to break within 60 days . I 've tried to no avail to get answers and support from their customer service . I will never ever buy their product again ! The only reason there is even a star , is because I could n't leave this review without giving it at least one star ! oh ... by the way ... not to mention the fact that I had to pay a $ 15.00 service charge for exchanging it !
 My wife bought the DUR-10 . It is NOT Amazon 's `` Item being reviewed . '' The battery failed within 2 years . 8 hours on internet . Still no direct replacement found . All phone numbers & all web sites suggested by Durabrand 's documentation failed . All contacts that Wal-Mart suggested failed . Wikapedia suggested two manufacturers for the product . Both were found to be out of business . Bottom line . I can find no support for Durabrand products.There is a 9 volt DC battery pack RB-270 that my wife bought to extend her view time for a different video player . It should be compatible - but - it uses a different cable . I am going to hack the cables to solve the incompatibility problem . Not to worry . I am a retired electronic engineer . This battery appears to be similar to the one listed as `` DURABRAND DUR-1500 batteryLi-ION 9 600 battery #DVDU 9-121238 '' at the site -- -LSB- ... -RSB- -- . This battery comes with a set of compatibility problem busting cables.I hope this helps some of you .
 Two days after I got it stopped working . I am out 70 dollars . Instead of watching movies I have a very big paper weight
 I bought this refurbished Durabrand Portable DVD player that turnout to be faulty . It worked for one day . I should have spent the extra money for a new one . Very disappointing .
 bought 2 at WalMart ... worked great for 1 1 / 2 years ... ac adapter is out , $ 44.00 at radio Shack for a replacement ... no contact number , Walmart never heard of them ??? waste of money on another piece of crap Chinese import ... buy a name brand ...
 I have a DVD player , size of screen is good , it is heavy for traveling , now the battery is dead and there is not way to get a new one . I lost the remote control and same , there is not way to get a new one . If someone knows who sell this battery please email me
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM FOR MY FIANCE AS A FATHERS DAY GIFT . WHEN HE RECEIVED IT IT WAS ALL SCRATCHED AND WOULD NOT PLAY ANY OF HIS DVD 'S . I WAS ABLE TO RETURN IT RATHER EASILY AND RECEIVED A FULL REFUND .
 despite the photo , this mount DOES NOT include the adapter bracket -LRB- the instructions note `` sold seperately '' -RRB- and , despite the photo being misleading , amazon will not make it whole so i am returning mine . i 'll do business elsewhere .
 Ordered December 2008 . Priced around 200 dollars . Item information shows this to be the `` PLA50 UNL '' model - the `` UNL '' indicates that this is a universal model , which includes an adapter plate . The item shipped -LRB- and then shipped again when I returned it -RRB- was the PLA50 , which does not include the universal adapter plate -LRB- I believe peerless ' item number for the universal adapter plate as a separate item is `` PLP UNM '' -RRB- . Amazon customer service has been good on this issue , though it is frustrating to get the wrong item twice . They stated I should buy the product elsewhere , which I will be doing . Hopefully they 'll get it straightened out .
 Bought this item . Image shows and specifically notes that the `` Universal model includes universal adapter plate '' and the description states `` Unv . Artic . Wall Arm , 32-50IN Fp Black '' . `` Unv . '' is the abbreviation for `` Universal '' . This is NOT the item shipped . I received the PLA50 -LRB- w/o adapter plate -RRB- . This item is misleading and caused me a lot of time and hassle .
 I was looking for a great , affordable 5-button mouse . This one worked right off the bat -- once I plugged it in . I was surprised that it came with a floppy disk with the drivers on it -- who even USES floppys anymore !? I was able to dl drivers off the website though , so that was n't a big deal . My biggest disappointment with this mouse is the fact that it is SOOOOO jumpy ! It skips ALL over the place , and that is REALLY annoying . For this ONE reason , a very big one -LRB- to me -RRB- , I rate it at a 2 .
 No problem w / skipping on my new Win XP machine -LRB- like other reviewer had -RRB- . But sometimes you click and get no response . Other times , you left click and get a double click.Downloaded driver from website -LRB- same rev. as I got with mouse -RRB- , but no help . Belkin tech service had me delete the software and re-install ; that worked only until the next re-boot .
 Beware - Belkin 's site does not have any documentation , drivers or firmware updates for this hub , so if you have a problem with it , you 're on your own . I have one , and after installing a minor operating system upgrade , none of the devices plugged into the hub is recognized by the computer -LRB- and each one works just fine when plugged directly into the computer 's USB ports -RRB- . Since there are no updates and no support available from Belkin , it 's basically a useless piece of junk now .
 Even cheaper ones worked better . Unless keys are pressed dead center they jam and need significant pressure . Especially a problem for CTRL , SHIFT , ALT , etc. .
 I bought one of these at a local retail store . The keys scrape against the casing as you press them , so you have to press harder which strains the fingers and wrists . The enter key is especially difficult , as I have to jam my pinky finger down real hard in the center of the key.A lot of keyboards have issues with detecting multiple keys being held at the same time . But this is the only keyboard I 've ever seen that ca n't detect more than one arrow key being held at the same time , making some games unplayable . No diagonal scrolling in Starcraft , for example . I found a workaround , though
 I have a 2007 Honda Accord and ordered this to install an aftermarket stereo below the existing climate control/radio . When the stock connector is disconnected from the climate control/radio unit there is n't much space to add the Scosche connector . The lead wires between the connectors simply is n't long enough to connect between the stock climate control/radio and the detached connection . Had to modify this to extend the lead wires between connectors but this really was n't easy considering there is so little wire between the connectors to work with . There is a comparable part from American International that appears to have longer lead wires between connectors . I have n't gotten my hands on it so I ca n't verify for sure that is the case .
 My Belkin worked well for a number of years . No complaints . It did what it was supposed to do ... until it did n't . I put my infant to sleep last night and smelled something odd in his room . I quietly looked around -LRB- as to not wake him -RRB- to discover smoke pouring out of the plug . Belkin 's response ? `` Sorry , its not under warranty . '' Needless to say , use at your own risk !
 The model number was correct , but It was basically 2 used rechargeable batteries taped together with electrical tape . There were no alignment tabs -LRB- could be reversed in the camera -RRB- , and the batteries did n't fit into the camera because of the tape . I called and was quickly given a refund .
 When you look at the picture it looks like a full speaker is in there , but the speaker it comes with is actually smaller then what 's pictured . I 'm going to upload a picture of what I 'm talking about .
 The 1 I bought was refurbished though . When I got the thing , & turned it on everything was in German . Luckily I know some German so I was able to set it to English , it lasted no time . -LRB- However , remember I purchased a refurbished one -RRB- . I really like the way it looks though , very sleek .
 For 1 I Got Mine And It Was Incredibly Smaller than i Expected Then I Go To Put Music On It It Would n't Recognize At First Then It Finally Did Then The Controls Are Very Stupid And It Had No Battery So Every Time i Unplugged it Did Not Come On So I Still Could n't Listen My Music On The Go . . Bad Item Do Not Buy
 This product does not live up to the hype . It is slow , unresposive , and quite frankly , sucks . I would not buy this thing again if i was in desperate need . Your mom looks better than this thing and she is extremely ugly .
 I 'm extremely unhappy with the Belkin OmniView SOHO Series 4-Port KVM DVI Switch with Audio . I 'm sure most of this applies for the VGA version1 -RRB- It is nearly impossible to connect a cable to the console DVI Connector . Belkin had to overnight a special extender to connect the monitor DVI cable to the KVM .2 -RRB- Connecting the Power Adapter to the KVM blocks one of the peripheral USB ports .3 -RRB- It 's absolutely impossible to put on the cover -LRB- i.e. cable management cover -RRB- if you connect the four -LRB- Belkin -RRB- cables to it .4 -RRB- Connecting only two PCs with a resolution of 1600x1200 to the KVM resulted in green shadows for one connection . -LRB- both NVidia cards GeForce 4 -LRB- 4200 series -RRB- and a Geforce 5 -LRB- 5200 series -RRB- 5 -RRB- The Microsoft Wireless Keyboard does n't work as stated in the manual . I did manage to plug in the wireless dongle connector to the USB mouse port on the KVM but now I ca n't use the hotkeys to switch between computers . Belkin has also indicated that wireless keyboards do n't always work as stated in the manual6 -RRB- There is n't a FAQ or software/firmware upgrade listed for this device . I would recommend checking out the belkin support pages or lack there of .
 Do you use a `` plain jane '' keyboard and mouse , and never use features such as volume controls , audio mute , etc and other features found on most modern `` multimedia '' keyboards?Could you care less about having control over your scrollwheel speed?Do you need a KVM that will NOT let you switch between a Windows desktop and a Mac OSX desktop , while retaining the functionality of the keyboard and mouse?If you answered yes to any or all of those questions , then I would wholeheartedly recommend this KVM.If , however , you are one of those wierdos who expects that your keyboard and mouse will actually * work * when switching between systems , then do n't even THINK about buying this product!Sure , you get basic switching of your keyboard and mouse through this KVM , but it 's exactly that ... BASIC . With my Logitech Elite keyboard and Microsoft optical Intellimouse Explorer 4.0 mouse , it was impossible to have either my Mac or my WinXP box recognize these devices as anything other than the lowest common denominator , `` generic '' input devices . This means that every non-alphanumeric key on the keyboard becomes completely non-functional , the Command key is mapped to the wrong key on the Mac , and the scrollwheel on the mouse becomes barely functional.In other words , this KVM is basically useless with anything but the most basic of keyboard and/or mouse devices.And while many reviews make a big deal about the fact that this KVM has a flashable firmware update port , in reality it does n't mean diddley squat , because in nearly 5 years , Belkin has NEVER released a firmware update for this thing.This is a complete lemon of a KVM .
 I was very excited to receive my USB KVM . Having a KVM that is also a USB hub comes in handy . I can connect an external USB drive to the KVM and have it `` seen '' by the other computers when I switch to them . However , that is were my fondness of the product stops.The keyboard delay is so annoying . Walk away from the computer long enough for the screen saver to come on and you 'll have to wait 20-30 seconds before the keyboard returns . It does n't make sense , it accepts the Ctl-Alt-Del right away but then sits there before it will accept the first keystroke of the password . A workaround I 've found is to switch to another PC and switch back , but that does n't always work . Also , if the USB keyboard is unpluged for any reason an annoying `` chirp '' begins and will not shut up ... even if you unplug the power it . To get the chirp to stop you have to unplug all of the USB cables or plug the keyboard back in.I 've also had instances where the keyboard and mouse loses all connectivity to a machine . I 've had to reboot the machine in order to get the pc to recognize them.I hope Belkin has a firmware update to fix these problems soon .
 I had an older version of this -LRB- 1.0 -RRB- which worked just fine to switch between a Mac -LRB- USB -RRB- and a PC -LRB- PS/2 -RRB- . I got a second one which was 1.1 . I 've never been able to get the 1.1 unit to work reliably on a PS/2 system , although the USB system seems okay . The mouse becomes very erratic after switching with no way to recover other than a reboot . Working with Belkin technical support , I heard that they 'd changed a IC in the 1.1 version which caused the behavior differences . After the usual grasping at straws -LRB- change mouse , change mouse drivers , etc. -RRB- , they admitted that they could n't get it to work for me . Their only suggestion was that I should change my computer to use USB . Well , if you have two USB-only computers , I think you can get a cheaper unit .
 Even putting aside the fact that it 's ridiculously overpriced and does n't come with the required cables -LRB- which you get to furnish yourself at extra cost -RRB- , it is unusably slow.When switching between inputs , the video input switches after only a second , but it takes , on average , OVER TEN SECONDS before you can use the keyboard or mouse . Yes , 10 seconds of sitting there wiggling the mouse in frustration before the switch will actually let you use it.Without exaggeration , this is the single worst piece of hardware I have ever bought or used . Avoid at all costs
 Hi , in my environmenet -LRB- W2K computers , cherry usb keyboard , 1600x1200 DVI LCD -RRB- this unit works rather bad.The picture flatters -LRB- or not , depending on mustra beeing displayed -RRB- even thought I use expensive thick Belkin cables.The -LRB- german -RRB- keyboard does not respond to 2 keys -LRB- < > | # ' -RRB- and time response to all common keyboard keys is so bad that I am losing about 5 % of keystrokes.Generally , the product selectionon DVI USB KVM switcehs is quite smalland I suspect only very few modelsat quite higher costs would really work.regardsJuraj
 Worst KVM ever . It does n't work ! You loose control of the mouse in minutes ... Only a reboot fixes the problem , you can not switch computers when this happens
 There are 3 things you need to know before buying a KVM :1 . In addition to the unit , you will have to buy a slew of expensive cables , many of which it is unlikely you already own .2 . KVM switches as a peripheral in general are notorious for not working properly with any given set of machines/OS 's / mice/KB/monitors / videocards .3 . This is one of those units described in # 2.4 . Although Belkin officially supports Linux with this product , the customer support I rep I emailed wasnt even able to spell Linux correctly , much less help me get it working .
 I 'm extremely unhappy with the Belkin OmniView SOHO Series 4-Port KVM DVI Switch with Audio . I 'm sure most of this applies for the VGA version1 -RRB- It is nearly impossible to connect a cable to the console DVI Connector . Belkin had to overnight a special extender to connect the monitor DVI cable to the KVM .2 -RRB- Connecting the Power Adapter to the KVM blocks one of the peripheral USB ports .3 -RRB- It 's absolutely impossible to put on the cover -LRB- i.e. cable management cover -RRB- if you connect the four -LRB- Belkin -RRB- cables to it .4 -RRB- Connecting only two PCs with a resolution of 1600x1200 to the KVM resulted in green shadows for one connection . -LRB- both NVidia cards GeForce 4 -LRB- 4200 series -RRB- and a Geforce 5 -LRB- 5200 series -RRB- 5 -RRB- The Microsoft Wireless Keyboard does n't work as stated in the manual . I did manage to plug in the wireless dongle connector to the USB mouse port on the KVM but now I ca n't use the hotkeys to switch between computers . Belkin has also indicated that wireless keyboards do n't always work as stated in the manual6 -RRB- There is n't a FAQ or software/firmware upgrade listed for this device . I would recommend checking out the belkin support pages or lack there of .
 In my search to find one adequate KVM switch to work with Windows and Linux , I now own five KVM switches -LRB- around $ 450 worth -RRB- . The Belkin Omniview is the worst of the lot . I have one Omnicube which gets by O.K. . A two port IOGear all-in-the-cable model works great , but IOGear 's four port models have intrusive keyboard shortcuts that interfere with applications and games . However , the 4 port IOGear model came with a full set of cables . Ultimately , the Linksys SVIEW04 was the grand solution . The SVIEW04 provides all the quality of the IOGear models and also allows the keyboard shortcuts to be disabled.Unfortunately , the magazines that have been recommending these products have n't been doing their research . You must investigate all the specifications , and you must also read the entire manual before buying . Someone might have noticed that the firmware update feature on the Omniview is n't well documented . Then , there must be testing of all the features with multiple operating systems ; and clearly , those recomending these products have failed to do this.Linksys -LRB- the best -RRB- and IOGear are clearly better products than this one .
 I 'm done using Belkin . I have two of these `` SOHO USB '' units , and they both display similar problems
 cable wo n't fitPower supply cable covers other connectorsmouse does not not workincludes flash update cable but web site has no flash imagesIf you do n't plug a keyboard into it sits there and just beepsWhat idiot designed this trash .
 Besides the fact you have to buy the cables separately as others have mentioned , Belkin support is horrible . The automated system consistenly disconnects the call , requiring going through their operator . My 4-port KVM stopped functioning after six months . There 's no information on the web to help either . It 's as if there IS no way to fix a KVM that does n't work . Flash upgrading is a joke . I followed the procedure directly from Belkin 's website . So I had to RMA replace it . Trust me , Belkin does n't care about its customers and arrogance will be their downfall . Go with IOGEAR - they include all the cables with the KVM switch for the price of Belkin 's without cables .
 I have an older Omnicube and had attached two linux boxes , one solaris box and one windows box . I needed another KVM and liked the audio component on this device . I also had good results with my old Omnicube , so I decided to get this one . Unfortunately , this device does not work correctly with linux ! With one RH linux box and one windows box , everything is peachy ; however as soon as you add the second linux box onto this KVM , the mouse goes haywire . I have tried changing mice , switching ports , going between USB and PS/2 , and different cables . I finally called Belkin and was told there was one TID for linux and it involved changing the XF86Config to use the PS/2 protocol instead of IMPS/2 . Well I tried that and as soon as I restarted X , the mouse went haywire again . I have never returned anything mail order because of the hassle , but this device is useless to me so it is going back !
 My job requires a KVM switch for QA purposes to test different OS/browser combinations . In building the lab I decided to go with Belkin after researching various switches . I 'm configuring a lab with a Mac G4 , Mac mini , NC6000 laptop and HP DC5100 mini tower . I 'm using the HP supplied keyboard and mouse , and a ViewSonic 19 LCD flatscreen.The first KVM worked well for right at 30 days . At that point the mouse began to act erratic , followed shortly by the switch only working in the # 1 slot -LRB- laptop -RRB- . I ordered a second switch and the same thing happened within 30 days again.I 'm going to return the switch and try the well rated IOGear MiniView 4 Port USB KVW .
 Followed the instructions to the letter . PCs would not work once connected and even worse stopped XP starting up - had to go back to restore point . Belkin email support is next to useless . I would strongely recommend buying a KVM product from another supplier .
 I 'm evaluating the DVI version . The cables are sold seperately , so what 's the point to buy a KVM without cables ?!? Lastly , hearing the problems does n't surprise me , as working with the two port version , I had some problems where computers becames unresponsive .
 Like a '54 XK120 , this thing is beautifully styled , and utterly unreliable . It randomly loses connectivity to both my Intellimouse , and my MS USB keyboard . 30 - 90 secondes go by and then it reconnects , sometimes to redisconnect within seconds , sometimes it 'll stay connected for half an hour at a time . Weirdly , it seems to maintain connectivity to the Monitor - though often as a generic display rather than as a flat panel Samsung . I used an IOGear two port KVM successfully until I got the third machine going , but I got sucked in by the style . my mistake ! I give it 0 stars for performance , 4 stars for style , average , 2 stars .
 I 'm pretty dissatisfied with the 2 KVM switches I 've used so far . This -LRB- the Belkin OmniView -RRB- is the second one . An IOGear was my first and it suffered primarily from a problem where it masked the true identify of my mouse and keyboard -LRB- it only offered `` standardized '' versions of both to attached systems -RRB- . They both barely perform the basics.What 's wrong with this unit ? 1 . It 's not trustworthy . It will sometimes lose contact with my mouse , keyboard or both switching between systems .2 . Following the directions to remedy the problems makes the value of this KVM much smaller . Belkin asks you not to use any additional software related to your mouse or keyboard . I 'm trying this without success on the mouse and have n't tried it on the keyboard . The major bummer here ? I wo n't be able to use the handy media , Internet , and email features provided on my keyboard . I will say that a Belkin 8-port KVM I have in the office works great with my Microsoft keyboard -LRB- including the extra buttons for media/etc . -RRB- . However , I need this to work with other brands as well -LRB- I remotely suspect that wireless keyboards , my primary focus , are even more troublesome since the transmitters do n't like losing power when switching systems -RRB- .3 . Belkin does n't support today 's more enhanced keyboards and mice -LRB- I 've tried Logitech 's and one other brand -RRB- . The keyboard manufacturers likewise do n't support KVMs . What a kroc!If you can avoid KVMs , do . Try using Windows XP 's Remote Desktop feature , creative keyboard/mouse placement and/or just using the handy multi-input features of most newer monitors .
 This looks nice from a distance , but you have to cut the plastic yourself -LRB- it 's perforated on the back -RRB- and if you 're not careful it * will * show stress marks near your cuts . It says to use an exacto knife -- use one . I tried with just a regular pocket knife first but it was n't a thin enough blade . + surface texture matches car , looks okay + the aftermarket stereo I installed slips in the center opening perfectly - DOES NOT FIT into the dash . It 's too big . It says in the description that it 's supposed to sit `` snugly '' , but I do n't think my car has shrunk with age . It just does n't fit and I 'm going to have to cut it down on all edges . - The instructions REALLY suck . I have no idea what those metal plates are for . They do n't tell you . - It does n't come with glue , which seems to be the only way to install this thing . I 'm not really sure if there 's another way , somehow involving those two metal plates , because the instructions really suck as noted above .
 OK , I work at a large software firm in the Silicon Valley . I do n't know why , but this is the KVM I was issued when I started here a few years back . So I 've had this under my desk for a good long while now.There are two drawbacks to this KVM -- one is mentioned elsewhere , namely that it does a poor job of switching between mice . This is n't a real issue for me usually as on two of the three systems I 'm switching between I 'm just using command-line . So no mouse is n't an issue ; I 've plugged a USB mouse directly into my Windows machine . The keyboard and monitor switching works as expected.The real drawback is that this KVM `` beeps '' or `` chirps '' when switching . And when I say `` chirps '' I mean an 80 decibel squawk that can be heard in neighboring states . Until recently that had n't been a problem , but I have a new office mate and it 's very annoying ... in fact , I 'm tempted to open the KVM and kill the `` speaker '' with a screwdriver , but since it 's not mine I 'm hesitant.If you share an office space , or are need a KVM at home -LRB- and are n't living in your parents ' basement -RRB- skip this KVM and pick a quieter one .
 I have had my Omniview E Series 4 port PS/2 KVM now since probably 2002 . In all those years , I have dreaded actually switching between machines . More often than not the keyboard or mouse just would n't come back up . I have recently come across a PS/2 to USB adapter that will at least allow you to unplug and hot plug the keyboard / mouse back into your PC and get control back , but who wants to unplug / plug cables just to switch machines ? I attempted to get support from Belkin when it was new , I tried 5 different keyboards , and more mice than you can shake several sticks at . Mostly standard stuff like a ps/2 Microsoft Natural keyboard , and an early PS/2 only Microsoft Optical Wheel mouse ... After fiddling around with adapters and everything to keep this dumb thing from dropping keyboards and mice , I finally got it to where at least it only dropped once a week . I can work with that I guess ... But it picked up a new habit . Not dropping the monitor so that when I switch back , my Linux boxes have reset their resolutions up to some unbearably chunky resolution , a quick ctrl alt backspace fixes that , but I should n't have to do that.I have a 2 port iOgear with integrated cables , and an 8 port TrendNET that I am very content with . This , and other products have left me with a very , very bad impression of Belkin products . Their stuff is sort of like an old Italian sports car , it is pretty , and the fit and finish is nice , too bad none of it works the way it looks . At least not reliably ...
 I used Belkin KVMs -LRB- OmniView SEs -RRB- in the late 90s and they worked very well ; this model failed repeatedly and consistently to detect attached mice/keyboards on start up . If the system was n't set to the PC that was booting , it was as good as useless , too.I gave up and purchased a different brand . The replacement works flawlessly ; I could n't even sell the Belkin on eBay.Unfortunately , I can not recommend this model . In fact , I recommend you do not buy it .
 After returning my first one after 6 months -LRB- the # 3 port just stopped working -RRB- My second unit quit on me the other night -LRB- all ports stopped working -RRB- . These things are not reliable . I bought an IO Gear , and it works GREAT . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ON BELKIN .
 I spent several days researching which brand of KVM to purchase and decided to go with Belkin . I already had a two port KVM which worked fine . The new 4 port was delivered and I installed it . I could not get it to work so I called Belkin tech support . They are closed on weekends so I called them back on Monday . They said send it back and also informed me that I have to pay for shipping . They sent me a bad KVM and they want me to pay to ship back their defective KVM . I would never buy another Belkin product after this ... !
 I have this device and a 2-port Linksys . Frequently with this one , I get a delay in or totally lose my mouse control when switching between computers . I 'm using a MS optical mouse that is natively USB , with a USB-to-PS2 converter attached that could be a problem . Just a warning to those with similar configurations that they may get similar results . The Linksys KVM has no problems with my setup .
 I purchased this unit to replace one that my customer was using , only to find that I had to buy Belkin cables because standard KVM cable sets do NOT work with this switch . I am awaiting the cables and then I will rate the product function .
 I had lots of problems with this KVM losing connection to my keyboard and mouse when switching between computers . The only way I was able to fix this was by using a converter that took the KB and Mouse PS/2 connections from the kvm cable and turned them into a single USB connection . $ 50 for two of these to fix a problem that should n't have been there in the first place . Cheaper than a new KVM I suppose.I also have a lot of trouble using the KVM keyboard shortcut in Windows 2000 , causing me to have to reach across my desk to hit the button on the KVM to switch to another computer , rather annoying.It works fine with my monitor though , even at 1600x1200@85Hz, which is how it gets two stars instead of one.My recommendation is to avoid this product .
 My combination slipped when at Starbucks and it was only pure luck that I was able to get it to release . When I looked at the combination afterwards , some numbers were stuck halfway . NOT GOOD and a scary experience . I threw it out on the spot and ordered another cable online that has a key lock . It is well worth it - do n't trust this product !!!!
 This lock worked fine for the first two weeks . Then the combination randomly reset itself . I needed to cut the cable to release my computer and spent the next two days sorting through combinations ... starting at 0000 . DO NOT BUY !!!!!!
 This lock can be defeated easily in 2 ways :1 . Using a lighter to melt the plastic and the bending the outer cable back on itself to reveal the inner cable which can then be cut .2 . Shoving a small shim -LRB- fashioned from a soda can -RRB- into the lock to reveal the combination.Here 's a link describing the 2 vulnerabilities and videos showing how to do it
 I bought two of these a few days ago . One is working fine -LRB- so far -RRB- but the other one has already lost its -LRB- default -RRB- combination of 0000 and is now permanently affixed to one of my workstations . A quick search shows that this lock can be easily compromised in minutes , so I will have to resort to that . I should have checked here first , but it seems like the local stores only carry this one brand - pure crap !
 Was a little dissapointed at the cheap plasticky look of the stereo in person . Still at this price it looks better than a lot of other units you could get ... at least this one looks like a cheap immitation of something high-end . Would 've given it three stars except that right out of the box one of the speakers does n't work when I play cd 's . Both speakers work when listening to the radio though ... go figure .
 Looks nice except the speaks are shoddy -- really cheap-looking . I ended up using my old ones from a Brookstone vertical whose main unit broke . This unit makes background noise -- a friend said it 's probably because it has cheap transistors . Mostly noticeable when volume is low . Also , the remote does n't work right -- sometimes I have to press buttons two or three times . I guess you ultimately get what you pay for . I loved the broken Brookstone I 'd had for years for $ 250 , but it 's now about $ 400 . The Brookstone had a better design , as on this one the radio and buttons are on the bottom -- makes more sense to have them on the top where you can see them . Also has no clock .
 I opened this amp and the circuitry consisted of one opamp , a volume control , and an LED . The wallwort `` power supply '' is very cheap . How Grado came up with a $ 425 price is beyond me . The mahogany box has to be the most expensive part . I was surprised a reputable company like Grado would try to pass off this piece of junk . Keep looking .
 Ridiculously overpriced , style over substance . Amps half its price will do a better job.About $ 5 worth of electronics in a fancy $ 300 wooden box .
 I had the product a alpine type r 12 in for two weeks had a alpine mrp 500 amp with gain way down and the sub stoped working and makes a pop crackle noise when i turn on the amp . I really need a new sub please help
 First off , you should know that for some people this will be a very good subwoofer . If your only concern is with SPL , i.e. having a sub that causes hearing loss , head-aches and makes your neighbors yearn for your death , then this is a fantastic choice . However , if you are actually concerned with the musical quality of your bass then you need to look elsewhere . This sub does n't play deep , it does n't play clean , it simply eminates a tremendous quantity of bass that is n't worth hearing . The bass reproduced by this sub sounds simply like power converted into sound and not an actual element of music . I 'm sure people who own this sub are very proud of how much it makes the rear-view mirror rattle , as well as the amount of attention they are able to garner as they cruise past wal-mart with the windows down ; but I fail to believe anyone really truly enjoys the sound that is created by this discus of decibals . In short , if you want loud -LRB- and all you want is loud -RRB- , consider getting this sub . If you want a sub that actually sounds good , try kicker/rockford/soundstream / audiobahn/boston or some other brand that realizes bass is n't simply a frequency that makes your trunk sound like the apocolypse is beginning , it 's an actual element of music .
 I purchased this subwoofer from Discount Jungle . After having it professionally installed , it did not work properly . My comment to Discount Jungle Customer Service was that it was defective and that I wanted a refund . She had indicated that no refunds were available after equipment had been installed and that they can only be sent in for repair . Well , how the heck are you to know if an item is defective or not prior to installation ?????? So to make a long story short , I purchased another exact subwoofer from Best Buy , had it installed by the same company , and it works just fine ! I went ahead and sent the defective one back to Discount Jungle for repair although I doubt it can be repaired . We have been told there is no way to repair subs gone bad :-RRB- Next time around , I will definitely buy local .
 I would be glad to give my review of this product , but I have n't gotten it yet from dealercost . -LRB- and will not get it -RRB- I ordered it on 6/20/08 , my money was taken by dealercost on 6/23 . I was told on 7/18 I would get a refund by dealercost within 24 hours . Kind of funny , no sub or refund , now I am out 150 bucks . No replacement for my blown speaker in my car , but the Alpine 12 '' sub that I have is excellent . Do n't go near dealercost unless you want to just blow your money out the door . Dealercost sucks a_s !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Amazon has always been great for me , but now I am going away ! I will not use Amazon anymore for any purchase ever .
 works fine . totally a waste of plastic . would n't buy anything that used this technology again . its like a roll of paper , but its plastic and has ink on it . next time , laser toner type . otherwise , ok
 I had another bag -LRB- generic -RRB- that works well for my other camera . I thought `` Samsonite '' was synonymous with quality . WRONG ! The main zippers are very weak and had a plastic gripper which immediately fell off one of them . Then there is a stiff flap , covering the zipper track and which makes it almost impossible to open.The Amazon vendor also charges around $ 8 S&H ; so it costs almost $ 30 total . AWFUL !
 I would love to review this item ! If I had only received it ! I ordered from EmallGlobal on March 10th and have yet to receive it !! -LRB- It 's April 10th -RRB- I 've e-mailed the seller 6 times with no response !! I tried to enter feedback on the seller but , the system closed me out & would n't let me !! I will be contacted my bank to do a charge back on my debit card . A word of advice , NEVER buy from EmallGlobal !!! If they still even exist , that is !!
 This bag arrived and the zipper was defective so I never really got to look inside , but it had a strange lip under the zipper which looked like it made it difficult to actually get into the bag with any ease . It did have several compartments which are handy , but the overall item was a bust . I bought another one at Circuit City and found it convenient to actually inspect the bag for easy use .
 Very poor quality , the buttons on the left do not work unless pressed REALLY HARD , and it even scratched my camera screen while installing it.Total waste of money .
 when it works its fine but that is only about 1/3 of the time . it only works for 2 hours on a full charge which takes about 24-36hours . also the part where you insert the dvd is way too easy for a 20 month old to get into .
 I got this RCA DVD player because I 've had other RCA products in the past and was , overall , satisfied with them . This player did not work correctly from the start . The speakers do not cut off when I plug in the headphones and the headphone jack has to be jockeyed around so both sides work . No satisfaction from RCA when I brought the problem to their attention . I bought this for use on planes but I ca n't use it for that . I use a Zenith on trips and it has worked fine for nearly a year now . The RCA stays home and entertains me on the treadmill but I really did n't need separate players for home and travel . Also , you have to use the remote to do very much because the controls on the unit are so limited .
 I searched long and hard for this , read reviews and felt this would be the perfect gift for my 15 year old son for his birthday.I charged the battery and wrapped it up and it never worked . The door was closed but the player said it was open , therefore would not play the dvd.We sent it back . It 's basic feel was cheap and plastic like . We do n't know what the picture quality was like because it never worked .
 I had to send mine back . The features list a slot for a flash memory card , but this DVD player does not have one . Lots of other sites mention the SD slot so maybe a previous version had one.I 'm going to get a Toshiba instead .
 seems to be fine now , however instructions are lacking . Took way too much time to figure out the proper way to latch things into the receptacle .
 Holds the head unit in just fine . Good quality plastic . Problem lies in the bottom on the housing . There 's a gap in between the bottom of the housing and the dash which allows you to see the metal in your car 's dash . Very unappealing in my opinion . If you do n't mind a small gap then by all means go for this product . Others have also experienced this issue if you read reviews from other sites .
 When I first turned it on it would power up , but would n't do anything . Coby customer service tried to tell me it was because I used the component out instead of the av cables from the box . While on the phone the picture finally came on . Dvds looked great on it until it froze . Froze while playing from the hard drive . I sent it back .
 I purchased this in December 2006 . I was n't thrilled with how all of the features worked , but it did do everything as advertised . Once I became accustomed to the limitations of this machine , I was actually happy with it . However , about 90 days after purchasing the recorder , which comes with a 90 day warranty , the DVD drive completely died . The rest of the machine still works , but what am it 's not worth much any more . I guess I should have bought a better brand name with a longer warranty .
 It gave me an error message the first time I plug in .
 This mount is very very flat . Your lcd will be very close to the wall . You can get two extension arms from the manufacturer , but those cost about $ 8 each , and they are only about 3 '' long , so with both of them you 'll still only be about 6 '' off the wall.If you 're looking for a close-to-the-wall mount , this is a fine model , and it has a built-in level . Easy to install . If you want something that comes forward a bit -LRB- like to reach a nice spot on your desk from the wall -RRB- you 'll want something larger .
 Not truly universal . Came with no screws . Luckily I 'm handy and was able to figure out a way to make it work .
 Not at all what I ordered , nor even what I recieved.I ordered a FULL MOTION wall mount and recieved one similar to this , NOT THIS ONE.My account is telling me I ordered this one , but I did not.If I ordered this one and its not sold buy Amazon LLC , then how did I get free shipping?Sent an email to customer service 16 hours ago and they said it would be 12 ... have yet to hear anything.I know I got very close to what I remember ordering , because it has the same logo , and the box clearly says `` fits up to 30 inch screens , '' and this listing is only rated for up to 27 '' . Here is the one I ordered : Level Mount DC30SJ Full Motion Mount Fits 10-Inch to 30-Inch Televisions -LRB- Black -RRB- The one I recieved is the same brand , just no swing arm . My desk is in a corner and I NEED that part.BEWARE WHEN ORDERING WALL MOUNTS HERE !
 I was excited when I first saw the new LG LN735 . If it works it would be the lowest price unit on the market that does street name announcements along with some other ammenities that you usually only see in much more expensive units.Sadly , we took the unit out of the box and gave it a try in my Lexus on the way home . The lexus is a very quiet car , but even with the AC and Radio off , the volumne on the ln735 was so weak that with any road noise at all you couldnt hear the instructions from the unit . I am buying this unit as a gift for my son who owns a Toyota 4x4 , which is a much noisier vehicle , so this is a real show stopper.I decided to give it a few more days trial , but on the second day it started repeating the same announcements over and over - `` left turn ahead left turn ahead left turn ahead '' you get the picture . So I had to push the little reboot button . After that , it calculated really strange routes - like asking you to turn left when you knew the place you wanted to go was right . The following morning it stopped announciating the street names and missed announcing all of the road splits . Pushing the reboot button didnt fix it so I called tech support . They stepped me through checking the obvious system settings and tried a reboot . Nothing seemed to fix it so I finally put it in the box and sent it back . I will order the Magellan Maestro 3140 in the morning.I have read numerous other reviews complaining about bugs in the microcode so I have to conclude that this problem is more prevalent than my just getting a faulty unit .
 This is a nice little unit that does the job , but has some odd quirks . The text-to-speech engine is generally good but will sometimes hilariously mangle street names . Not just long complicated ones like you 'd expect , but relatively mundane names as well . The list of Points of Interest is incomplete - some major chains of restaurants simply do n't exist to it , yet tiny hole-in-the-wall establishments are constantly found . The British voice sounds much nicer to my ears than the default American one , but for some reason will not read street names at all . And so on - nothing deal breaking , just odd and mystifying.Yet for all that its pathfinding seems excellent , it 's very accurate and I have no major complaints . It 's good at the essentials , but once you get past that the extras are almost bafflingly quirky . I would only recommend this unit to those who find an unbeatable deal and are fully aware of its oddities .
 I purchased this product last August -LRB- 8/6/07 -RRB- and it has not operated properly since . It frequently freezes and many times does not even begin working . I continuously have to press the reset button to get it to unfreeze and then it does n't start up again . This has been the most unreliable item I 've ever owned . -LRB- Also , what 's up with Amazon asking for your credit card info to write a product review ? Shady . -RRB- Update
 I returned this item because it could not be programed . It was preset for Hawaii and would not accept any destination in any other state .
 We bought this and the electric cord that comes out is only a few inches long and on top . Ca n't use without an extension cord which would look really stupid if used indoors in our living room . What a peiece of crap . One of the worse products ever purchased . Throwing it in trash , will never buy a Stinger brand product ever again as long as I live . Totally stupid design .
 I have had this unit for just a few days . It seems to be working fine , but there is a fundemental flaw in the design of the killing grid that causes most of the clogging . By removing the lower rung of the outer grid with a pair of wire cutters the clogging problem can be mostly if not entirely cured . To do this , unplug the unit and remove the bulb . Using a torx driver , remove the two screws that secure the lower bulb support to the body of the unit . This will provide access to the grids . Remove the two plastic insulators from the bottom of the grids ; these simply snap on . Using a pair of wire cutters , carefully cut away the lower rung of the OUTER grid ; do not alter the inner grid , as it needs to rest on the upper land of the lower bulb support piece that you removed ; the inner grid will project one rung lower than the outer grid when you are done . Replace the two plastic insulators . Reinstall the base and two screws , then install the bulb . This mod will provide the necessary clearance to allow the insects to clear the grid when they fall . Mine has not clogged since performing this simple modification . As built , the design does not allow the proper clearance between the bottom of the grids gap and upper land of the bottom bulb support piece ; it amazes me that the manufacturer missed this simple modification.After reading many of the other reviews on this product , it also appears that bulb life is rather short for this unit as well . Typically , these units use the primary winding of the high voltage transformer , that energizes the grid , as the ballast inductance for the flourescent UV bulb . This design causes current surges in the bulb whenever insects are being electrocuted on the HV secondary of the transformer , as evidenced by bulb intensity changes when insects are being electrocuted . Thus , shortening bulb life . This thing gets one star only because that 's the least I can give , and I like to tinker with such things ...
 This is not worth a dollar . Worked for a little over a month & quit . On top of that Amazon would not pay for shipping & they charged me a restocking fee for a defective product . By the time it was all said & done I ended up paying about $ 28.00 for a product I did n't keep or could use .
 In common with many of the other reviewers it all starts out with a crackle . The perverse counting of how many flies get baked in the first few minutes of operation is kinda fun till you forget it 's there.Sadly in under 21 days of use it 's dead and no longer energizes the grid looks like this is either fundamentally flawed as a design or QC is lacking.Addendum.The second one that replaced this one burnt out , not only that it melted the top exposing the live wires . This company is not just making poor products but demonstrable dangerous ones .
 I have bought and returned 1/2 and 1 acre Stinger bug zappers from Costco 4 times now in the past 3 years . Thank God I was buying from Costco as Stinger products are worthless . Light attracts them but zappers do n't work . Some worked for a week and others did n't zap at all . I do n't know why Costco carries such a terrible product . I kept thinking , maybe these were a bad batch and I will finally get a good product . Not so , do not buy these products .
 I tried the 1/2 acre and 1 acre versions . The light attracts tons of bugs , but the grids rarely zap one . The bugs fly around in there like crazy . I put a white plastic bucket under each one . After 2 hours there was only a handful of dead bugs in each bucket , even though there were clouds of bugs flying into each unit .
 I recently bought the Stinger UV15 . It worked well for one month ! In that month I followed the recommendations for cleaning it and keeping it clear of dead bugs . Well just shy one month and the grid has completely failed so it attracts the bugs , but does n't kill them . This product is not worth the money !
 I purchased one and it lasted about 3 months ; light still worked but did not kill any bugs attracted to it . Stinger replaced it under warranty-this time it lasted one month-same problem . Stinger replaced it again under warranty and the third one lasted 11/2 months , again same problem.Will not go to the trouble to get it replaced again-will buy a Flowtron which I had used 5 or 6 years ago and which lasted for 2-3 years .
 Any of these products can work extremely well only if the grid contacts are secure and the grid itself is not oxidized . Also , one of my 3 units failed because the primary transformer blew.The two 1/2 inch galvanized mesh grids quickly oxidize when exposed to the elements . When this happens , the resistivity on the grid surface increases which retards electrical flow . I noticed this after both of my units failed using a simple volt-ohm meter . Although the grid may appear clean , a minute film caused by weathering acted like insulation and inhibited current flow unless I scratched the surfaces with my tester . Of course , a small insect will merely brush across the mesh and this is not enough contact to cause electrical discharge . Also , the electrical snap connections are very unreliable as far as having a good contact so I solder these directly to the grid.In short , the grids need to be replaced each season . I buy standard 1/2 inch galvanized mesh from Lowes , cut it to the same size , and roll it into a cylinder . Most people probably do not have these means in which case , these units have a very short life span .
 I purchased this product in May 2006 . However , it is not working this year April 2007 . I replaced the 40 watt bulb , but it still does not work . This is not a product worth the expense . I would say that for less that 11 months of use $ 8.00 would be a high enough price to pay .
 I bought this product August 18 , 2012 and experiencd the same problems that most people encountered . In the end , it stopped zapping bugs after about a month . As i looked at the product , the light still functioned , but the eletric grid failed . It seemed to be a recurring problem and I would not purchase another one .
 I bought this product from home depot . Electric grid the first time lasted 4 weeks . I did all the necessary trouble shooting and no solution . I return it to home depot and got a brand new one fresh out the box . This time it only lasted two weeks . You got to be kidding me . I got stung by mosquito the whole summer . Either this product is really really bad or the bugs in my back yard sabotage it . I should of read other people comments on this before I bought it because I am not the only one experiencing this . I am buying different type of zapper with better rating . for get this ultra crappy thing .
 Bugs fly through this dangerous device , but are not killed . They actually were even sitting on the UV bulb , rarely ever getting zapped The UV bulb shorted out after 3 weeks . This zapped is headed for the landfill . What a waste of money .
 Do n't waste your time or your money . These work great , for about 30 days . Then they fail . I just threw away my third one , and am going to replace it with something that has a better customer review rating .
 This product lasted a bit over a month before it stopped zapping . I was actually searching for a replacement transformaer for it when I ran across this opportunity to warn others . For the amout it cost I expected at least a season out of it . Also they make it impossible to disassemble for repair . Stay away .
 In my area the only brand of bug zapper that any storefront sold was Stinger . Each and every one of these bug zappers has failed in 1 year or less . Some burn out with the bulb still working but not zapping any longer . The others have failed where the ballast fails and even a new bulb -LRB- at $ 20 -RRB- obviously wo n't work . Of course you do n't know it 's the ballast until you fork out the $ 20 for a new bulb and find out the zapper is shot . Save yourself the grief and stay away from the Stinger brand all together . Go with the Flowtron and you 'll be a much happier person . Flowtron zappers actually work , do n't plug up like the Stinger brand , and when the light quits working its almost certainly just the bulb and not the entire zapper that needs replacing .
 I bought this at Lowes before I found the negative reviews here . I should have taken it back before I even opened the box , but I thought it might last long enough to kill off the nest of yellowjackets in the outside wall of my house.The stinger would clog with yellowjackets everyday and I had to clean it out and rehang it early in the morning before they started swarming again . After about 6 days , the plastic around the bottom of the grid was so charred that it because almost impossible to prevent it from arcing constantly . No amount of cleaning did any good . At that point the chintzy transformer in the unit burnt-out . It 's now total garbage . Score - Yellowjackets
 This product is absolutely worthless . It will be returned to Costco . While it does attract and kill bugs well the first time , good luck cleaning this thing . It is unbelievably impossible to clean . The black light stopped working and you can never tell whether it is on or off . The door to the lure failed and does not clasp anymore , so there is no way to hold the lure . The instruction manual is poorly written as it does not tell you how to clean once the grids become full of dead bugs.All in all a terrible product and unusual for Costco to carry such a piece of garbage . Just wondering the rate of return must be awful . DO NOT BUY !
 On the Texas Gulf Coast a bug zapper is necessary . I have used many over the last 25 years and for the last 5 years I have bought Stinger products . They are increasingly expensive and more shoddy and poor . This last 40 watt lasted one month last summer and now is BO . Bulb is out AND high voltage grid is BO . These latest models are built so the owner can not take them apart for repair . The Stinger products are absolute JUNK and a total waste of money . I will spread the word and only dream of someday coming face to face with an executive or engineer from that lousy , greedy and crooked company . JM Bowers
 The guys that wrote the 5 star reviews did not wait long enough.My Stinger UV40 worked very well zapping bugs until the bulb went out at 4 months . Tiffany at Kaz customer relations said that the bulbs were `` designed by the manufacturer '' to last for 1000 hours , or 43 days . She intimated that I was lucky to get that long of service , and offered to sell me some more bulbs at $ 12 each.Ain ' t she sweet?I had the same model Stinger UV40 for 5 years previous with no problems . That is why I ordered another one last July . That is the one that died so soon . Live and learn . I have thrown this Stinger UV40 in the trash and have ordered a Flowtron , as the only one that got `` stung '' on the Stinger is me.It is pretty evident that Kaz does not care about their quality control , nor customer relations , or , they are just trying to sell a lot of bulbs.Terry
 Bought a Stinger on May 30th and have been through 3 bulbs and my naighbor has two model upgrades from this model and he already needs a new bulb after a month . I would n't recommend this to my worst enemy
 I needed a good bug zapper and figured I would go ahead and try out this stinger zapper and when people tell you this thing is junk they are not kidding you one bit . I returned mine today after I noticed the starter did not want to light the zapper bulb and as I took this thing down from my hanger I looked towards the bottom and noticed it melted the very bottom of the zapper from where it zapped a large bug , its a wonder it never went up in smoke as well as my front porche . I will never buy another stinger zapper ever again . I would like to say though seriously that while the zapper was zapping it did do a fairly decent job at zapping bugs but another draw back is that it would get the small bugs only and maybe an occasional small moth and I needed it to be for larger bugs because I have alot of june bugs and moths and stuff that need zapped . I also noticed that the grill part that the bugs fly into all it does is holds bugs and this thing is a hassle to clean . I would never recommend anyone at all to get this thing . I talked with my cousin and he said he thinks the zapper he has is a stinger but it is a older model so maybe there older ones were good but there newer line of zappers should not be on the market . I just ordered a flowtron one acre zapper made proudly in the good ole USA and from what I have heard and read they are worth there weight in gold I guess time will tell with that also .
 We have had this bug zapper less than 3 months , and bulb is burned out . Not happy ... those replacement bulbs are not cheap !
 Bought it today and ran it for an less than an hour before it clogged up . Took it down and blew out the dead bugs . Plug it back in and within 15 minutes it clogged up again . This time while I was unclogging the screen the dang bulb dropped out and shattered . Now I have to buy a $ 15 bulb just to return this piece of junk which I will tomorrow .
 Bought 2 of these units at Lowe 's . After about 2 weeks the bulb on one died and I bought a new bulb . Worked for about a week and then that bulb died too . This one is just hanging there waiting for me to replace it.The other unit was hung in the garage . Did n't see or hear any bugs killed by it and then after about a month the bulb went out and I never bothered to change it . Then some months later , I looked up to see the unit was missing . The top of the unit was still there , hanging on the chain . It was chained up properly but the whole bottom just fell off.Honestly , the gooey fly strips did/do a better job.One word review - GARBAGE
 Worked one day , bulb needs a good wack to get started , left a pile of live bugs underneath it since the zapper part stop zapping . Do n't waste your money !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Good product if you want to attract bugs so the multiply and produce more .
 Do n't waste your money . You 're better off swatting bugs with a fly swatter -- plus the one I bought did n't even last one year .
 I am on my second unit in a 60 day period , the first unit went up in about 22 days.I sent back the first unit and Amazon sent me another free of charge , now the new unit has quit also , I am returning it to amazon which now will cost me more money because , the Stinger is 35 days old and I will have to pay a penalty for returning it after 30 days . I can say I do n't want another Stinger because neither one really worked any how.Doug from ocean city md
 I bought this about two months ago , and the bulb has already gone out . I do n't recommend that anyone else choose this one over others with better reviews .
 I used this device in my back yard and while it did zap insects , the high voltage circuit burnt out . I did n't realize that once the high-voltage is gone the bug zapper is simply a bug-attractor . I give this two stars because I have had worse experiences with these devices -LRB- including one that died in less than 4 weeks -RRB- .
 I bought one of these units and it lasted one night . CRAP . Now I 'm supposed to send it at my expense to KATZ rather than return it ??? The red light is on , so it is powered , but the light and grid do n't work . This is a crap product . AVOID THIS . I would have given this minus stars if I could have .
 I live out in the country . . and have a lot of bug problems . . I purchased it at walmart and spent an extra $ 3 to get the one year warranty ... . the best investment ever ... The first bug zapper died in 3 days ... took it back , and exchanged it for a new one ... this one lasted 3 weeks before it died ... and took it back for a complete refund ... including my $ 3 warranty ... . overall it 's a good design , and killed a lot of bugs ... but it 's cheap and will break very soon
 I have bought 3 over a 2 year period . The all failed due to defective starters . They do not self clean like the flowtrons and are always clogging .
 Do NOT buy this item ! I have never felt the need to write a bad review on a product ... The first one I got-the electric grid stopped working after a couple days . I took it back and exchanged for a second and the bulb burned out after about a month , replaced the bulb -LRB- half as must as a whole new unit -RRB- and then the electric grid on this one went out soon after . I never left it out in a strom . This product is junk !
 I bought the Stinger this past June to replace a 15-year old bug light that finally gave up -LRB- that one got hung up in the spring , plugged in , and left alone until it was stored for winter , and never had the bulb replaced -RRB- . Due to the design of the grids , the Stinger is constantly clogged ... I have had to add taking it down and cleaning it to my daily morning routine . The bulb burned out after 42 nights ... I unplug the unit every morning . Right now I 'm debating as to if I buy a replacement bulb , or find a different , more substantial bug light .
 I agree with the other reviewer , buy Flowtron instead . My Flowtron 40C lasted 20 years with the same bulb and never had a clogging problem with bugs . For the same price , the Flowtron 40D is a much better buy .
 On my second one now ... Not that I liked it much the first time , just that it is the only brand they sell in the local store here . I will say that while it worked , it worked ... I mean , it killed some bugs ! These , however , are my problems with it
 ... i would . I tried two units and perhaps killed less than ten bugs.My neighbor bought the larger unit and he no longers even bothers to plug it in anymore.Dont even think about buying this product .
 I purchased a 40 wt Stinger Insect Killer from Home Depot last year and the bulb started shorting out after 3 months . Since it was near the end of the season I decided to store it and replace the bulb when I put it out in the spring . The bulb was replaced but would only work intermitently . Insects also clogged it after a couple of days . I gave up on it and recently purchased a Flowtron BK 40 and it works great Do n't waste your money , buy a Flowtron instead -LRB- my last Flowtron lasted over 20 years with the same bulb -RRB- .
 This model is a redesign of the older one that had the wire grid that constantly clogged up . The grid was replaced with vertical bars that enabled the zapped bugs to not clog so they could fall through the unit . Now the really bad news . The new design uses two thin wires insulated with clear plastic that easily burn . If one moth hits the newly designed grid bars where the wires connect them , the unit is shot because the wire will burn through . I 'm on my second unit in 30 days . I 'm returning the second one today and giving up on this model . If you contact the manufacturer , you can pay to ship it back and they 'll send you a replacement in 4 weeks . It 's much easier to return it to the store .
 I bought two of these at a Walmart three years ago and one lasted only one season then just crapped out . Got it replaced free cause I lied about how long I had it then the second one crapped out also ... was not able to get that one replaced . The first one finally gave out as well . They worked so good when they worked but both went out on me . And it was not the bulb ... tried replacing the bulb but finally had to go with a different brand that did not cover as much area though ... we have a BIG yard . . The old ones last for years , what 's up here ?
 I went through 3 of these things over a three month period . I could n't get one of them to work more than a few days . In my opinion , this product made a better bug house than a bug zapper . I just got tired of returning the product last year and will look for a different brand this year .
 My wife & I live in the country w / many insects . So , I bought 2 Stingers . First the bulbs that attrack insects burned-out . Replacement bulbs turned-out to be very expensive ; even at major discount centers -LRB- and do n't last any longer -RRB- . Then , after one season , the plastic casing of the electronic `` zapper '' mechanism literally fell apart . Last night , at the beginning of this bug season , the other Stinger died , although I 'm not sure why . Now , I have two expensive , partially used bulbs and zero Stingers , if anyone knows anyone interested in their lousy bulbs . Phooey !
 Stopped working after 3 hrs ! This zapper is complete garbage . Wo n't work on anything larger than a misqiuto . Had a month infestation and it killed about 2 dozen then just quit workinbg . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I went through THREE of these before I gave up - I thought I was doing something wrong , but when three consecutive zappers fail within two days of putting them up , it 's clearly a product problem . Not even worth considering .
 Bought this unit yesterday evening . I plugged it in as soon as I got home . This unit was broken right out of the box . I will take it back and get something different .
 Wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this dud . The darn thing only lasted one month before it died .
 Used it once last season , and once this season so far , and it has stopped working . Guess a lot of us are having the same problem ...
 This product worked well , while it was working . ` While it was working ' being the big caveat . The unit broke after only 3 months . To get a warranty replacement , I have to pay to ship it back to TN , which will cost more than it cost to purchase the unit . And that was after spending 30 minutes waiting to speak with someone at customer service -LRB- never did get anyone -RRB- and then waiting 3 weeks for someone to answer my emails ! Of course , it broke , just outside the window to return it to Home Depot , what a sly business plan Kaz has going.I say avoid the KAZ brands at all cost ! Or , if it really is your only bug zapping option , be prepared to buy a new one every 3 months and fill up your local landfill with the old ones.I would give 0 stars if I could .
 While I found this item to be efficient for killing mosquitoes , the construction quality is very low-the top , using the hanger provided , pulled lose from the attachment posts and started pulling apart within the first season of use . In addition , the bulbs have life of about six weeks . I will stay away from this brand in the future .
 It worked for 3 months , now the grid is dead . No voltage between the grids . the grid is clean -LRB- have to blow it out regularly - canned air works -RRB- . The bulb that came with it burned out in about 30 days . Not recommended .
 I bought the Stinger several years ago . It zapped bugs straight away for a while , then the light burned out , the the wire grid shorted out . More hassel then it is really worth . If we were n't replacing parts we were blowing it out to keep it going . Save your money . I am going to try the Flowtron , it is contructed as to not clog up . My neighbor has two and they have been flawless for 3 years , every day she has 100s of dead bugs , never has had a problem with hers as of yet .
 I have purchased two round Stinger electric insect killers in the past two months , and each suffered from different problems . The first Stinger worked for about two weeks until the bulb appeared to be burned-out . I replaced the bulb , but it apparently was not the bulb that was the problem as the new bulb did n't light.I purchased a second Stinger and after I unboxed it , I noticed that the outer wire mesh screen was dislodged and resting against the inner screen . I removed the cover on the bottom of the unit in an attempt to reposition the wire mesh screen and found that the plastic clips that are supposed to keep the screens separate are poorly designed and can not hold the wire mesh screens as intended . As I began to replace the cover on the bottom of the unit , and without any sudden motion on my part , the light bulb fell out and broke on the concrete surface of my garage floor.Based on my experience , Stinger 's products are garbage . Look for another brand if you are in the market for one of these devices .
 when i installed it into my car it did not function properly and i heard popping noises from my subs and then it blew them both
 I got this for my wife for X-mas and it was a really nice unit to start , but has some drawbacks . The screen size is nice and the satellite connection tended to sync quickly . The drawbacks were the lack of AC adapter -LRB- car charger only -RRB- and no battery which made it difficult to program in the house or even the garage . Six months later the unit stopped syncing and now loads for a few minutes , then reboots over and over.To top it all off , the company website -LSB- ... -RSB- where you are directed for support , has an expired domain . I just ordered a TomTom to replace it . From what I can tell , an extended warranty is a must for GPS .
 My Plenio quit working and I returned to the DVS company along with the RMA request they sent me . I sent it registered mail so I know they received it . It has been several weeks and I have never heard a word back from them and all contact has failed . Be careful if your unit goes bad you might as well throw it away
 After a period of use and turned off , the unit will turn on with Blue LED but the screen will be blank and unusable . The unit will only be functional after being disconnected from the power source and cooled off for at least 30 minutes . Have asked return it to the DVS company .
 The design of this device is ingenious , but it does n't work . Devices are initially recognized by the operating system , then disconnect randomly . Replacing this product with a normal , non-retractable cable fixes the problem.FYI I.Link is just 6 pin Firewire with the two power pins removed and a smaller connector -LRB- thank you Sony for another pointless proprietary version of a perfectly good standard -RRB- . Rather than this device , you should get a regular 6 pin to 4 pin Firewire cable , which come in six foot lengths typically .
 This is a great DVD player if you do n't mind that the car adapter will not stay plugged in . It loses power constantly ! Then my 10 month old 's video cuts off ... . which means mom has to restart or ff back to where she left off . It is awful !!! I have tried the car adapter in a Lexus , Ford , Mazda , Pontiac and Mercedes . . -LRB- we travel a lot -RRB- The plug worked the same in all of them . I would not recommend this DVD , and if I could return it I would !!!!
 Al principio estuvo funcionando muy bien , pero despu&eacute;s de unos meses , empec&eacute; a notar que las pel&iacute;culas ten&iacute;an de repente un salto en la pel&iacute;cula o un ruido raro en el audio . Al principio pens&eacute; que era el CD que estaba rayado , pero esto se repiti&oacute; con todos los CDs , cada vez m&aacute;s hasta que ya no volvi&oacute; a leer ning&uacute;n CD . De hecho , ya no me sirve nada ... Creo que funcion&oacute; lo suficiente para que expirara la garant&iacute;a con el proveedor ... as&iacute; que para mi es muy mala calidad porque la idea es que siga sirviendo por a & ntilde ; os y no solo justo lo necesario para que ya no tengan que cambiarlo ... En verdad , No lo recomiendo.It was working fine for the first months , actually long enough to get the warranty expired , and then it strated to fail reading the CDs until it didnt worked any more . Not recommended .
 Buying this protector is nothing but a waste of time and money . I personally bought mine when I purchased my Ipod Mini . To start off , it is difficult to put on your ipod and when you do manage to get it on , it is nearly impossible to get rid of the `` screen bubbles '' formed but the protective lining . It collects dirt and makes your Ipod look like junk . It also prohibits your use of the clip that came with your Ipod . Take it from me , this product is one you should pass on . Try taking a look at some of the other ones ... you will not regret it .
 I have owned an IBM thinkpad for years , and needed a new laptop . I purchased a Lenovo T61 based on the reviews . - If you are buying a Lenovo to get the IBM experience - think twice . They are not even close.Other reviewers have complained about the delivery times , but mine arrived in 6 days , which was fine with me . Still , it arrived with no bill of materials / delivery list , so I had no idea what was in the box and had to paw through my invoice to check . It started up fine , which already gives it more than one star . But there are 4 main reasons for me giving it 2 stars .1 . Underwhelming performance .2 . Keyboard .3 . Bloatware .4 . It does odd things .1 . Performance is so-so . It 's as simple as that . I use a Dell laptop as well , and the Lenovo is simply not as zippy . Yet both machines cost about the same . So less than stellar bang per buck .2 . The keyboard . I spend a lot of time at my laptop . My IBM had great tactile feedback , and really worked well . The Lenovo is not up to the same standard .3 . Bloatware . By this I mean software that is installed on a `` trial '' or `` limited time '' or any type of pre-install where you have to pay or register to make it work . -LRB- I am not talking about the ThinkVantage software -RRB- . I had a Vaio awhile back , and it was worse than this , but only just . Then again , I 'm not buying another Vaio either .4 . It does odd stuff . An example
 I think that Lenovo formally IBM is mass producing their IBM ThinkPad laptops at such a high rate that the end product is very , very poor quality.The T61is suppose to be a high performance machine . Additionally , I added an additional 4 gig of memory . However , the machine is extremly slow!The battery never reaches 100 % capacity . However , the laptop is never unplugged.Tonight , I 've begin having problems with the keyboard . I have to press some keys several times before the letters reflect onto the screen.I 've only had the laptop for 2 months!And finally , I am experiencing `` high '' intrusive attacks from various parts of China . Initially , I was puzzled why the attacks were coming from China because I do n't know anyone in China . The intrusive attacks occur at least 10 times a day.Finally , today I realized that Lenovo is based in China . Also , when the laptop shipped via UPS I was able to track the delivery online . The laptop originated in China.I am EXTREMELY disappointed with the IBM ThinkPad.The machine is garbage!I could have done better at Office Depot !
 I have used and been a fan of the Orinoco wireless network cards since they were first introduced by Lucent . I needed a wireless card for a new notebook and thought this would be a great opportuity to upgrade from my old B Gold Classic to a newer A/B/G Gold Combo card . However , after installing the Combo card , I have been constantly frustrated by dropped signals and dramatically reduced range of the card compared to my old B Gold Classic . Rarely can I maintain a wireless connection between my AP and the Combo card over 30ft . -LRB- through 1/2 drywall and wood stud walls -RRB- . My Gold Classic was rock solid to at least 150ft . Further , the new Combo card 's management and diagnostic utilities are n't nearly as useful for identifying and solving problems -- particularly signal strength and competing APs -- as the Client Manager utility available for the Gold Glassic . I have been a fan of Orinoco products but Proxim seems to be letting quality control slip . The Combo is going back and I just ordered another B Gold Classic .
 I needed a wireless card for a new notebook with better range that the installed by the manufacturer in my computer However , after installing this Card I have been frustrated by dropped signals and dramatically reduced range of the card compared to the intel installed by the manufacturer in my computer . Rarely can I maintain a wireless connection between my AP and this card . on 30 feet connections -LRB- with some wall -RRB- or more .
 I have yet to be able to watch a whole movie with this because it sticks so much . I would have returned it , but I do n't have the reciept , and it was a christmas gift , so I went well into the maximum 15 day window for electronics from the certain store . I talked to the person from the store however and she said that more than half of them that were sold are being returned for the same reason .
 Great Price . . love the unit BUT It does n't work !!! Picture froze up and you cant unfreeze it ... motor never stops . . wont load up . . etc etc. . . I wish I had been here BEFORE I bought it !!!! I bought it via Amercian Express Hope they can help ! wow . . too bad to . . a cute unit with a great screen and sound !
 I bought this DVD player at Best Buy and it worked for a grand total of about 2 weeks . The picture quality and sound WERE great for a time , but now it wont play anything . I put in a DVD and the screen just stays black . I checked the manual for troubleshooting and found no answers , so i called our `` friends '' at the Mintek technical support center , and they did nothing to help . If you 're looking for 2 weeks of cheap fun , buy this , but if you would like something that lasts , i suggest you look elsewhere .
 i bought this and the instant i took it out of the box i was appauled ! the screen was split down the middle . the video didnt work and there was no sound . the battery stayed charged for about 6 minutes after charging it for 6 hours . do n't buy this !
 Man ! I save my money for 2 years to buy this ! I wasted it all and the store would n't let me return it ! The quality on the screen really sucked ! It did n't play my DVDs .
 I read the reviews before I purchased and decided to order anyway ... BAD IDEA ... !!! When I did get it to play , the player would freeze . The remote that came with it didnt work . Needless to say , it went straight back and I bought another DVD player from a more popular company .
 The product worked nicely - easy to set up and use , nice picture and sound . But I purchased this portable DVD player in August . Within a month I had to send it back for repairs , as the power connection and headphone connection jacks were loose . I was lied to three times by the customer service department who said my unit shipped and then it turned out it did n't . By the time I receive the supposedly new unit , I will have been without it for nearly 2 months because of their poor customer service . Watch out !
 I bought the Mintek through Amazon because I had planned a trip for the holidays and wanted to use it on the flight . The price seemed reasonable compared with other players . From the day I received the player it failed to work . Initially it loaded the DVD -LRB- the Godfather -RRB- but immediately began skipping . After about 15 minutes it froze and refused to play at all ! When I turned it off and re-booted the disk it displayed `` Loading '' but froze and never loaded the disk . This occurred with every disk it put in . Mintek tech support was inept and useless and the user manual was no help . I returned the player for a refund . I recommend you stay away from Mintek products .
 I got this unit as a Xmas gift and it already screws up . The unit constantly locks up . I will be returning it for a unit from a differnet manufacturer .
 I today had to send back my MDP-5860 model to the company . The DVD player screen stopped showing movies today . I called the company and apparently the 586x models are all having this problems and they are all being recalled back . Worst thing yet
 I took this on a trip and much to my horror , it worked for about 20 minutes and then frooze up again and again and again ! I got it to work again for about another 20 minutes and then that was it . If I could have opened the window of the plane , I would have thrown it out . Check out the Initial ones . They seem to be better quality at a value price .
 After two months of moderate , gentle use , the picture tube died . It went completely black . Sent it to Mintek . After six weeks , they sent me a new one.Within three weeks , the picture started to freeze on the NEW one . Then , the picture tube ALSO went black . Mind you , neither unit had been dropped , left in the sun , and were fully charged or running on house current . Sent this one to Mintek , too . Have n't heard from them in two months .
 When it worked , it worked great . The picture quality was good , the sound was what I 'd expect from a compact system like this . However , after having the unit only 6 days -LRB- I got it as a Christmas gift -RRB- it stopped working ... kind of . It worked for one DVD , then the next one it would stick on `` loading '' . On the third DVD I tried , it got me to the main menu screen , but then it did n't let me choose anything to watch and then recycled and gave me the blue `` loading '' screen again . I tried a fourth DVD , it worked just fine . All of the DVDs I tried were brand new -LRB- or watched once -RRB- without scratches or defects.If you asked me , the defect is in the product . I for one , am unimpressed . If you do n't mind dropping $ 200 for a sometimes working DVD player / doorstop , go for it.And before anyone asks , I 'm an adult -LRB- over 30 -RRB- and I was the only one using this at home on my kitchen counter mostly . No jostling car ride , no kids breaking it . It did n't need that - it broke on its own .
 This DVD player is a piece of JUNK !!! Broke after about 5-6 months and my friend 's broke even sooner -LRB- we bought at the same time in the same store -RRB- We were `` lured '' by the price - $ 170 , but you get what you pay for , right ? And no , the kids were n't playing with it in the car . The customer service is ... . well there IS NO customer service . The worst company I have ever dealt with . We purchased more expensive unit , by a different manufacturer of course , and it 's working great -LRB- with the same kids in the car , so I doubt THAT was the problem -RRB- . I really wish I read the reviews before wasting my money on this ... # $ ^ & ^ % $ # ...
 I received a MDP-5861 for Christmas and boy was I disappointed . I have yet to be able to play a DVD from start to finish without the movie freezing . I have to power off and eject the disc then power on and re-insert the disc to watch the next 10 minutes before it freezes . I have not been able to speak with a person at Mintek to get the warrented repairs . Mintek does n't even answer their email . This machine is not worth spending $ 10 much less $ 200 .
 This player would be a great deal , it has a good picture , decent sound , no problems except ... THE DISCS GET SCRATCHED . After I had it about a month , my discs began to get scratched around the outside . The last scene or two was lost on a few of my DVDs . I had to return the player and buy another . I have n't heard of this happening to anyone else , but i assure you it can happen . If you want to take a risk then it is a good player to buy , but I would go with one of the other players now available for this cost .
 I 've had the Mintek DVD player for ONLY 6 months and it just died . It still has audio , however no picture ! I just learned that it 's not returnable . I 'll buy a name brand next time .
 This item was so new last year , and hard to find , that I was n't able to read any reviews . The unit died on us one year and one week after purchase - in the middle of a 17 hour car trip -LRB- I have an 8 year old boy -RRB- . My parents are on their second Mintek DVD unit because the first one lasted only a few months ; it was still under warranty . The screen on ours no longer works - kind of an expensive CD player ... I will be buying a different brand next time as I do n't beleive our problems were just a fluke . Up until this time , however , we have had no problems with it and it has worked just fine .
 I purchased this DVD player November 7 , 2003 for my brother.After just several uses it started behaving erratically . After watching a movie for 20-30 minutes it freezes up . Sometimes it will start backup if you turn off the machine and wait 10 minutes . However , just this week it will not start at all . I am going to try to replace or return it . I would be wary of purchasing this item .
 First off , let me correct some other reviews . Mintek does have a website . -LRB- www.mintekdigital.com -RRB- HOWEVER , that 's not going to help very much . For returns or problems you have to call them . I have called about a dozen times and I always get the voice mail of one of two different people . Neither of them has called me back . Evdently ONLY TWO PEOPLE WORK IN CUSTOMER SERVICE FOR ALL OF NORTH AMERICA ! My problem is that the power suplly burned up . Without the power supply you ca n't charge the battery or run the unit on A/C power . What 's worse , even if I wanted to bite the bullet and just buy a new power supply I ca n't because the item is n't listed . Stay away from Mintek .
 Luckily for me , I did not spend any money on this horrible little dvd player . I got it for Christmas from my in-laws who got it free with the purchase of their tv.I have two kids and brought it in the car for our long trips to visit my parents . Well it was fine the first trip . I also use it up stairs as a dvd player . ITs actually worked well for me so far . ` My last trip this past weekend . . it kept starting over the movie the kids were watching . . then it just stopped working . I use the car charger for it . When i got to my parents , I used the ac adaptor and it worked fine . So it was the car charger that must have broke . So i went to Best buy , Circuit city and radio shack . No one had this charger . The radio shack guy told me if i used any other charger it will fry the player . He said for some reason Mintek did n't make the charger like the other companies . I think it is 12v and an output of 10v . . which no one carries . He told me to check out the website and order it.Well to my dismay . . mintek does n't seem to have a website and no way of getting a hold of them.So if you decide to buy this player ... watch out . . if anything goes wrong with it . . the company is impossible to get a hold of !
 THIS UNIT MAY START OUT FINE BUT IT WILL SOON GIVE OUT !!!! IF IT IS N'T FREEZING UP , THE WHOLE SCREEN WHITE-WASHES ANDTHE UNIT BECOMES TOTALLY USELESS !!!! TRY CONTACTING MINTEKAND YOU ARE OUT OF LUCK !! THEY CA N'T EVEN MAINTAIN A WEBSITELET ALONE AN ELECTRONIC PRODUCT !!! THIS DVD PLAYER SUCKS !!!!!!!
 I purchased this DVD player almost 90 days ago after reading - good value for the money - on Amazon . It was a dream for our first road trip with the kids ! BUT , after a few uses it started freezing up and the buttons on the unit were n't fully functional . In fact , - Push - is n't working at all , so we 've only been able to watch the one DVD that 's stuck in it . I 've probably used the machine 8 to 10 times in 3 months . I just found my receipt , but Target does n't have this on the shelf anymore , so I 'm hoping they still accept it for a return . I wo n't purchase the same model .
 I had great expectations for this product from other guest reviews but was very disappointed . This player did n't want to play any dvds and when it did play the screen would freeze up 10 minutes into the movie and it did the same to cds as well . If your looking for a portable dvd player I would look elsewhere .
 IT WOULD BE A NICE UNIT IF IT WAS N'T FOR THE FACT THAT IT WONT PLAY . A BRAND NEW DVD THAT I ORDERED WITH IT GAVE THE `` NO DISK ERROR '' . AND RENTAL DISKS SHUT DOWN AND REFUSED TO PLAY AGAIN ... BAD , BAD , BADGET A BRAND WE 'VE ALL HEARD OF LIKE SONY OR TOSHIBA ... ITS JUST NOT WORTH THE HEADACHE ... GAME OVER \ : -LRB-
 i just received this item last week , and all i want to say is it is not a very good system at all . every time i am watching a movie it freezes up on me after 10-15 minutes .
 This DVD player is the pitts ! I have replaced it on 3 different occasions and it breaks with in 30-45 days . I will not replace it again . Before it broke it would load S-L-O-W ... save youself the hassle pay 50.00 more and avoid the frustration , Unless you prefer frustration then by all means Buy Mintek !
 We have bought and returned two of these in the past month . First let me say the sound and the picture are great . We were disappointed when it began freezing up and was unable to load discs . We returned it and bought another , thinking maybe ours was just a lemon . Within 1 hour of use , we had the same problem . Would be a fantastic product if it was not for this , but buyer beware . Not worth the hassle .
 I received this as a gift and thought it was wonderful , great picture , great sound and then nothing . The player failed to work in just 10 short days . Purchased on 12/10 and returned on 12/22 . Despite following the instructions for trouble shooting the player just sat on `` loading '' . The purchase price was $ 269.00 , for the price I think it should last longer than 10 days . This product seems to fragile for use .
 i got this dvd player and while it is cool , when it works i have had to exchange it 4 times at the ft myers , fl . best buy store . I hate it when the people at the return counter know you by name because you are constantly returning the same product . I finally made them open the package and try three dvd 's right there in the store
 Please think twice before you buy this product . After just 2 movies viewed , it began freezing up . Soon after that , it would just spin the disc without playing it or recognising any of the commands . This happened no matter what disc we used . We were fortunate enough to be able to return it to the store right away , but we wo n't be spending our money on a Mintek product again at any price .
 On day 1 we began to have problems with this unit . We have had it for only three days adjusting the settings but the picture continues to freeze randomly . New DVDs old DVDs whatever . I have e-mailed Mintek 2 weeks ago with no reply . I will be asking for a full refund not a replacment !! I am not a happy customer . We have not yet been able to see an entire movie w/o the picture freezing or getting the loading message for long periods of time . Also sometimes the thing just fails and displays nothing but a blue screen . See review number 6 -LRB- tinyandi from Philadelphia -RRB- . They seem to have the same probelms as me and say this model MDP-5861 is being recalled . Sorry this ones a dud .
 In addition to everything else , it 's bad for playing DVDs out to a television . The video that it outputs is too dark . I was puzzled so I tested it on a professional video monitor . Instead of outputting a video signal with the `` black level setup '' value at 7.5 IRE -LRB- the standard for American NTSC televisions -RRB- , the Mintek is outputting a signal at 0 IRE -LRB- the NTSC-Japan and PAL standard -RRB- . This is not changeable . What a pain . If you were ever thinking of hooking this up to an American television , think again . Yes , I know that some DVD players pretend it 's a picture-enhancing feature to allow 0/7 .5 IRE switching -LRB- some manufacturers call it `` black level expansion '' -RRB- , but really that switching is just to allow better compatibility with different TV systems . This model flunks .
 Got one for my birthday . Broken right out of the box . Returned it to my friend . Took six weeks for a replacement . Opened the box , still broken . Returned it to the Mintek company and that is the last I have seen of it . It has been three months of long distance phone calls to a company that really does not care . KEEP AWAY from a Mintek !!!
 I bought this dvd player yesterday and it did n't even work at all . Every time I put a disk in it would say loading and then give me an error message that the disk was the wrong region . This one is definately going back and I 'm getting a refund from best buy today .
 SANTA BROUGHT THIS FOR MY DAUGHTER ACTUALLY IT WAS THE 7 INCH SHE WATCHED ONE MOVIE ON IT AND WE THOUGHT IT WAS WONDERFUL . WELL TO OUR SURPRISE THAT WAS THE ONLY TIME IT WOULD WORK ! SHE STARTED TO WATCH A SECOND MOVIE AND IT LOCKED UP SEVERAL TIMES SO WE TRIED ANOTHER MOVIE SAME THING . THE NEXT DAY OUR FIRST CAR TRIP WITH THIS AND SHE WAS SO EXCITED BUT THIS TIME THE PICTURE WENT OUT BUT WE COULD HEAR IT . TROUBLE SHOOTING DID NOTHING!THIS WAS $ 250.00 ! HOW DISAPPOINTING FOR MY DAUGHTER !
 Believe all these bad reviews . This is junk . Failed after 3rd DVD . Player returned . Will not buy Mintek again . The problem I think is the DVD laser transport gets stuck and fails to move , faulty mechanism .
 Like a number of other reviewers before me , this unit has a problem with the backlight dying . There is still a picture , but on an LCD with no backlight you ca n't tell . I wo n't even comment on other features , since if there is no picture after less than 1 year , who cares ? Very disappointing . This thing came in handy during long car trips , and we 're flying this weekend with multiple connections . Now my 4 year old is going to be bouncing off the walls for 5 hours . Thanks , Mintek .
 We received this as a gift for my 2 and 4 year old children . We loved this item until the screen died ! We have had this less than a year , and have n't used it that much . We turned it on one day and had no picture . Iy was very dark , only faint images remain . Steer clear of this brand . After reading similar reviews , it seems this is pretty common with this product .
 Well ... count me among the fools who bought this . It worked fine for six months , and then POOF ! Broken . My daughter was watching a DVD in the car and suddenly the picture disappeared . The sound still works , but the only picture is a dark , faint , black shadow . Of course , I have tried to call customer support for an entire afternoon and only get an answering machine . How 's that for customer satisfaction !? Would n't you expect , for $ 179 , that you 'd receive a product that lasts more than half a year ? My advice
 The plastic `` frame '' that holds the deck is very thin . When I received the item in the mail , it was n't exactly shipped in the most durable package . However , there were n't any visible signs of damage . When I took the dash kit and my radio to the installation place , the tech informed me that one of the sides had cracked . There were signs of stress all along the inside of the plastic housing . I 'm aware that this could have happened in shipping , regardless though the construction seemed very flimsy .
 The first time I tried to play a DVD on the player , it did n't work . The disc stopped every 10-15 seconds . I had to start it all over again repeatedly . After 6-8 tries , I gave up and sent it back for a refund which I still have n't recieved . Do n't even think of buying this product .
 Mintek has no customer service . Sent a Dvd player to them for minor repair , after 2 months they wanted $ 60 to repair . I refused and they sent back the player totally disabled . Do not buy from this company !
 Do n't buy this hunk of JUNK !!! I got it like 3 months ago and it was working great ! I thought it was great having a portable DVD player . I would watch like 1 movie 3 times a week . It was all good I had fun and crap and then about 7 weeks later I was watchuing Mean Girls and it stopped in the middle of the film , I turned it off cleaned the disc and put it back in I decided to watch start over because I love the movie so much and it started skipping I tried cleanijng it again but the these stupid annoying lines started coming up . My daddy tried everything to fix it and nothing happened . It was a stupid piece of CRAP !!! They would n't refund the stupid piece of CRAP so we threw it away . It 's a good thing that my dad bought me another portable DVD player that actually works and this one is an actual brand . I 'm warning you people who want to but this excuse of a DVD player , DONT !!!!!
 We here in Iraq have just a few choices for portable dvd players , and this is not a good one . Player player stops all of the time while playing a movie . We have to stop it and start it again and hope to get a little futher in the movie .
 Purchased the mintek last year for Christmas ... worked great for awhile but after six months the picture disappeared ... no picture , just sound ... take in for repairs and was told that was a common problem with Mintek and that it would be more to fix the player than to buy a new one ... I am purchasing a new player but defintely not a Mintek !!
 This is definently a waste of $ 250 . Even though the picture and sound are great , the player only plays very very few DVD 's uninterrupted . It just stops in the middle of a movie and when you take the disc out and clean it , it still skips in the same spot . If you are a first time buyer and are looking for a cheap , good quality portable DVD player , DO NOT waste your money on a Mintek .
 If you read the reviews carefully , you will notice a pattern that the positive ones are written by people who have had their products for only a short period of time . The people who have owned their units for a while are the ones who are negative because they have learned how unreliable these products are . My Mintek died after only 6 months of regular non-abusive use . No wonder the warranty is so skimpy -- 1 year parts but only 90 days labor , which is 90 bucks plus shipping . It 's not worth it considering you can by another unit for a little more . DO NOT BUY A MINTEK ! You definitely get what you pay for .
 I purchased the unit to entertain 3 young boys on a 7-hour ride in a minivan . After about an hour of play -LRB- the 1st hour of use -RRB- the screen started to scroll vertical lines . It would start to play again after powering it off and back on . It kept getting worse until it would not play for more than a few minutes . I purchased the unit on Traget.com and called a Target store while on vacation hoping to exchange the unit ... no go . Target.com and Target stores are separate entities and do not play nice together . I was hoping to make an exchange since the identical unit is on the shelf at the Target store and I had my receipt . I am now still on vacation looking at a 7-hour return trip and shopping to replace the -LRB- junk -RRB- unit at other retailers where I can return it in any city . I already printed off the return label from Target.com and will not be ordering from them again . I will also stick to Sony , which is a known high quality manufacturer . Spend the extra money on a name brand . Buyers be warned ...
 I enjoyed this DVD player for several months . I did not use it very often . After several months , though , the screen went black . This problem is a common one , as shown by the reviews here . I have contacted Mintek support , I do n't hold out much hope . I would not waste money on this DVD player .
 I bought this item but when I received it and turned it &#60; br / &#62; on it did not work , im just glad that target took it back and credited my account . thanks target &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62; &#60; br / &#62;
 This has to be the worst DVD player on the market . I 'm on my third player . The first two players just stopped playing DVD 's out of nowhere . I 've had the 3rd one for two days now . Would have gotten my money back on the first one , but I had already thrown out the packing material and could not get a refund . So I just by a new one and put the defective one in the box and return it , hoping the new one will work . I originaly purchased it because of the many features and the low price , but it has not been worth the trouble . Maybe this third player will be the one !
 I bought this player for a trip I was taking last summer . It worked really good until we hit a patch of road in NY that was all torn up . We travelled across 100 miles of road construction and the player stopped working . It would make a horrible noise every time we would try to play a disk and would freeze after playing 1/2 of the movie . Called cust service for two months before they called me back . They argued that it was now out of warranty , told them to stuff it and that I could prove I 've tried calling for months . They finally agreed to give me a new one but took 8 weeks to do so . The replacement I received had the same problem as the one I sent them back , but lower model than one I originally purchased . I will never buy another Mintek item again !!!!!!
 I was hoping my Mintek would be different , but mine like the others died after about 6 weeks . It played great for six weeks , so I was hopeful , but alas , no luck . A waste of $ 100 .
 We bought ours on sale to take on a four hour car trip with a 5 year old . It worked for 1 hour , we then had to deal with a cranky child that wanted to know why he could not watch the movies we told him he could watch . Then 2 days later was the return trip . We will be looking for a name brand to replace this one .
 I 'm on my second unit and it freezes playing when in the middle of a movie . Brand new unit out of the box . Second unit does the same as first . The whole Mintek product thing must be a scam . This one is less than 24 hours old and 15 minutes into the first dvd the same thing happened . It 's going back to the store . I 'm sorry that I was sucked into the cheap price and great features . TOO BAD IT SIMPLY DOES N'T WORK!I 'd rate it a zero but that option is n't available ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I 'm on my second one , after returning the first after 2 months . Both have seized up and quit running after an hour or 2 of use . The volume has also quit working after just 8 months of not much use . I do not recommend this unit .
 Had this DVD player for two years and used it very little , a couple of times on a plane and once in a while on the tread mill . It worked well during its use but I did not get my moneys worth for this product for as little as I used it . One day I was going to watch a movie and the picture kept going black and the sound would continue . You could push the small button switch in the upper right hand corner of the unit and the picture would come on for a short time and then go off again and do this for shorter durations then it would freeze up . Tried to contact their service department and all I get is a busy signal , so frustrating !! Got on the internet to see if anyone else had a problem , boy oh boy there were a few . Some with the same as mine . I am going to take it to the Geek Squad at Best Buy and see what they say and if it is the same answer that others that have placed their bad reviews on the internet I am going to take my Taurus Judge -LRB- HANDGUN -RRB- and blow that POS back to China !! That is some satisfied consumer . Do n't waste your money unless you like target practice .
 I purchased this DVD player after reading the reviews for this and several other players . It was great plugged into the outlet at home the first time we used it . The sound and picture are wonderful . BUT , the car adaptor did not fit our vehicle -LRB- Subaru Outback -RRB- . We charged the battery according to the instructions and had no more than 1.5 hours of play time in the car . We purchased a different car adaptor to try and salvage our investment . Although the adaptor worked , the DVD player did n't . The picture just froze . No indication of low battery , nothing . The DVD continued to spin . We turned everything off and restarted after several minutes . When we did this , there was a blue screen with `` loading '' in the upper left corner . It did n't go away . I can not recommend this DVD player.Please note , the Mintek manufacturer also puts other names on the same player , so check them in the store to be sure you are n't getting another with the same problems .
 I purchased this as a gift . Christmas day we had to call Mintek . It seized up . The tech lady said `` just take your finger and slide the optics back and forth a few times ... that usually fixes it . . '' Well . . I 'm no genius on laser optics and all the gearing involved , but that does not sound like a great `` fix '' . I have been on the phone with these folks numbers of times . It continues to seize up , refuse to turn on and assorted other problems . Now I have sent it to them to replace . Mintek lady calls me and says they just received it and will send it back in -LRB- 5 -RRB- FIVE weeks . I yelled `` put a new one in the mail and send it . '' No ... evidently it comes in with a `` Batch '' and can only go out with a `` Batch '' . Evidently Mintek only ships stuff out every 5 weeks of so . I have visions of young Chinese with their fingers on the optics sliding them back and forth ... Bottom line ... If you have a choice . Choose something else !!!
 When I received it , I thought that is was something else ... Although , Im sure the product works great . . There was a major issue returning it . Had major issues there , and the customer service was extremely unacceptable .
 Shortly after I purchased this product , the earphone feature stopped working ... had to play tapes back on a different recorder if I wanted to listen using earphones . Still used to record since it worked better than my other one to pick up voices in meetings , although not always very clearly ; however now I find that it will suddenly just stop recording - as if the tape is stuck - and wo n't restart unless I tap the machine . Very stressful to have to keep an eye on it ! -LRB- NOT a problem with the batteries ! -RRB-
 I have the same problem with this microcassette recorder . I bought mine two years ago and stuck with it , but I should have returned it . On playback , it is difficult to hear through the static -LRB- I use the recorder for interviews -RRB- ... it 's as if the machine is picking up its own noises . I 've assumed that mine is defective , but then I have n't had experience with other similar recorders . I agree that this recorder is good only for dictation , with the mic close to your mouth .
 I bought this recorder for interviews . I have an Olympus microcassette recorder but I can hardly hear the recordings . I hoped this Sony would be better because it has a fancy adjustable microphone . Alas , it is just as bad . Everything else about the recorder is great , but what good is it if the sound quality is poor ? I returned it . I wonder if the problem is with the microcassette format ? It 's probably fine for dictation if you have the mic at your mouth . If you get this , and you want to do more than dictation , you should consider an external mic too .
 I bought this printer two and a half years ago and I absolutely hate it . I hate it so much that I will never buy another epson product for as long as i live . I swear it eats ink , you can put a full cartridge in it , not use it once and in two weeks it will be at the 50 % level . I have put in brand new cartridges at a cost of almost 70 $ and only printed about 10 things before they are empty . In addition to that Once even one of them is empty , it is useless you cant print even in black and white or use the sd , or flash card slots.Next time this thing runs out of ink I am buying a new Kodak printer in lieu of new ink .
 This printer is nothing but trouble since day one . The printer broke down after one month of very light usage . I had to replace the brand new printer with a used one because Epson did not have a new printer to replace at that time . Since then , this machine never worked right . I do not recommend this printer at all .
 As a photographer I have need for professional prints.I find the quality of the prints from this machine to fail miserably.I have been able to print out maybe 50 good prints after that they started to deteriorate.I now can print nothing at all because of the lines blotches and streaks through out my photos.I never could get the print on cd to work properly.Though it does scan well . I bought this brand new so I should not have had any problems with it .
 ... and DID die after 6 months of using it . And it was n't just that its ink was not reading -LRB- which , it was n't , even EPSON brand ink -RRB- , the printer just decided to kick the bucket . And when you try to return the ink that you have purchased a million times for it , customer service will tell you to sell the $ 80 ink to a `` friend '' , and not accept a return , or give you a refund . The scanner is great , but if you want a scanner , buy a scanner . Do n't buy this printer . Or EPSON products , unless you want terrible customer service .
 This machine works fine when all the 6 expensive catridges are full , but once JUST ONE is empty , it is very difficult to make it work , even when the catridge is original from EPSON or Best buy , I get the message INK CATRIDGE NOT RECOGNIZED , you can change it two or three times and get the same message , the Epson Service is terrible.If one catridge is not recognized , you can not scan , print , copy ANYTHING.NO MORE EPSON IN MY LIFE
 I purchased the printer a few years ago and have not used it much except for scanning . It is rather unfortunate that when the printer runs out of ink it not longer allows you to scan documents to a file . I fail to see why having no ink should prevent file scanning but such is the case . Look elsewhere for a more suitable printer .
 This is my fourth Epson printer and probably my last . The Epson RX580 needs several ink cartridges . If ANY of them is out of ink , you ca n't print at all . If you 're out of yellow ink , you still can not print a purely black/white document !! The system should at least default to black printing when a color runs out.I really resent that Epson is taking advantage of customers like that .
 This is my third Epson all-in-one . The first died due to a permanent ink clog . The second one died due to a permanent paper jam that caused the print head to bend the paper guide metal . Both Epson AIOs lasted less than two years.The ink question
 Just bought it today . The print quality is excellent . However , I had to go back to the store for more ink later in the day -LRB- about $ 90 for a full set -RRB- after printing only a couple hundred pages of medical lecture notes for school . Ouch !!! I 'll bet cleaning the heads costs about $ 5 . This will probably be my last Epson because of the high cost of ink . To bad the manufactures do n't recognize that screwing their customers on the ink lowers the customers satisfaction with them as a company .
 Epson new Claria Ink Printers Suck INK like Monica LewinskyAll us Epson users should buy the R260 , R380 , or RX580 and then print like crazy till ink runs out -LRB- 25 or 30 8.5 x 11 -RRB- and return for a full refund to dealers who do not charge you on a return with ink all used up . Some do and some do n't . That way Epson will get the message on this series and change something . $ 3 to $ 4 ink for a 8.5 x 11 plus paper price plus your time is n't worth it no matter that the print is great . All us pros and semi-pros should boycott Epson for a while !
 you unpack this machine and find a notice that says `` Before you return this item , call the number below . '' Now for all I know the RX580 may prove to be a wonderful , reliable all-in-one . Certainly the reviews have been good . My beef - and thus the one star - is with the software installation process . Now , I am a Mac guy , have been since 1988 and I have never had to call tech support for help , for anything . Certainly not to get a printer up and running . I currently have an iMac running the latest OS and the printer I replaced was a Epson . Did n't have to call tech support to get it going . But I sure did for the RX 580 . Now the good news is that the tech support person was superb . I was connected to him very quickly and he knew exactly what to do . But the thing is that Epson knows it has a problem with the installation software , thus their little enclosed plea to call before you heave the thing or , god forbid , return it . Epson , can you say HP ?
 Uses an absurd amount of ink . printed 3 sheets of 8X10 photos one CD and about 15-20 documents and ran out of ink not just one or two Cartridges but ALL six . customer service ay Epson is awful e-mail went unanswered so i called , tried to explain how much ink i was going thru and how the printer would clean the ink heads before every print job but was told that was normal . i do n't know if the printer was defective or not , but i do know that epson customer support is . retuned and bought a cannon mp600 and i love it !!!!
 I purchased this printer in August , 2007 primarily to print on CDs and DVDs . Out of the box , there were problems . I kept getting a message stating there were no printer cartridges in the machine , but there were . A few tech support calls later , and Epson sent me another unit . I think it was refurbished . And then , the same thing happened with that unit ! I think it even happened one more time . Hard to recall all the gory details , but I can tell you I nearly memorized the tech support phone number . As stated by others , the machine drinks expensive ink like an alcoholic.When it worked , it was not a bad printer at all . It did the job with my DVD/CD printing . But then , one day in 2009 , following two years of fairly light use , an error message popped up stating that the CD/DVD tray was not loaded correctly . I became friendly with tech support again . They sent me a new DVD tray . That did n't work . And they had no other solutions . The machine was out of warranty , and , get this -- EPSON no longer even serviced it . So , I did n't even have an option to pay some ridiculous price to ship it out and have it repaired . I was only given options for newer , more expensive -LRB- and I suppose equally unreliable -RRB- Epson printers that I could print DVDs on.Not a good EPSON experience . I 'm moving on to another brand . Fingers crossed for my new HP Photosmart all in one w/Fax .
 I bought this printer because it seemed to have all the features I liked for a decent price . I was so excited when I got home to set it up , but unfortunately it did not recognize the ink cartridges . I did everything correctly . Checked directions many times . Called the long distance epson support -LRB- they do n't have a toll free number ! -RRB- Took about a week . They sent me new printer . Has preformed pretty well , just a little loud , and some of the picture quality is n't as good as I would like . The scanner is also very sensitive . It picks up the back side of two sided documents . They show through on the print outs . Now that it is time to change the ink cartridges again this printer also is having trouble recognizing the ink cartridges . I changed three of them and it only recognizes 2 . I ca n't even tell you how fustrating this is . I would just save your money and look into buying a better quality printer with better support . It will be the last time I buy an epson .
 The scanner is very fast but does not scan the colors correctly . My yellow scanned and printed as a light brown . The cd tray always get jammed 2 times out of 3 tries . The printer does a good job at printing color photos , but only if you use photo paper . Photo print on plain paper is negligible . Black printing is good . I would not buy another Epson . Going back to HP .
 I really and truly hate this machine ! What were the manufacturers thinking of when they made the entire machine come to a screeching halt , just because it is out of ink !! What is the point of being an all-one-product , if it will only work if one base aspect is working . What the ?? I thought I was buying a scanner along with a printer , but apparently that is not really the case . This is the most frustrating product I have used in years ! Do yourself a favor and find another scanner/printer/fax combo .
 Bought this printer for my wife . After she exhausted the first set of ink cartridges we bought authentic Epson replacements but get the error `` can not recognize ink cartridges . '' Tried cleaning the contacts with alcohol , etc. , as recommended on some blogs but no dice . Even bought ANOTHER set of cartridges with no improvement . So it 's been sitting like a big ugly brick on her desk ever since . Will be taking it to the dump soon and will never buy Epson again .
 We have had this printer for 6 months . It is a money pit . It runs out of ink after 30 copies , the copy quality is poor and it costs a small fortune to replace the cartridges so frequently . Stay FAR away from this printer - save your money .
 If you 've just bought this printer and write a positive review , just wait until you run out of ink and try to replace the cartridges ... this is what you will see
 I purchased the printer for the ` high definition ' printing and because it can print on CDs/DVDs . I owned an HP Deskjet before that and what people say about HP ink fading after a couple of years is true.I am very satisfied with the print quality . The software is a little clunky , especially the CD printing function ... looks like Windows 95 to me . What really , brought my rating of this printer down is the fact it literally drinks more ink that any other printer I 've owned . I print mostly black and white , but the other colors run out very fast too . They are very expensive to replace and I do n't feel the printer cartridges last nearly as long as advertised.The ink replacement frequency , coupled with high ink costs , make me regret this purchase . I am looking for new printer soon .
 I had Epson back when they were the only printer still supporting the Mac ... and most of them have been pretty good ... but this one guzzles ink like crazy . The software is buggy and you ca n't stop a print if something goes wrong . You 'll have to restart and it consumes more ink when you turn it back on . The features sound impressive and you would think Epson would produce a decent product ... no ... not this one !! Colors are kinda off too . I wish i returned it earlier .
 This printer becomes a BRICK if any one of the ink cartridges goes bad or empty ! You have to have a working set of ink cartridges EVEN TO USE THE SCANNER FEATURE !! The Epson scanner software reports `` scanner busy or warming up '' and refuse to scan.Even if you do n't use the printer -LRB- you soon wo n't once you find out how much it cost to replace the tiny little cartridges , $ 70 , and how many pages you actually get out of it -RRB- , the ink dries slowly , and the printer wo n't work as a scanner anymore once any of the ink cartridge dries up.This has to be one of the worst purchases I 've ever made . I will NEVER buy another piece of Epson equipment !
 THE PRINTER ARRIVE DOA.ON THE SUPPORT , NO ONE ANSWER 'S EMAILS , ONLY AUTOMATED EMAILS . OVER AND OVER AGAIN.I TOOK THE PRINTER EVEN BEFORE OPENING IT , TO AN OTHER COUNTRY TO DO MY JOB , BUT NO ONE IS GIVING ME ANY RESPONSE , I TOOK THE PRINTER TO EPSON SERVICES TO USE THE WARRANTY IN THIS COUNTRY -LRB- VENEZUELA -RRB- AND HERE IN EPSON SERVICES THEY JUST WASHED THEIR HANDS , BECAUSE IT IS AN IMPORTED ITEM.EPSON IS ZERO RESPONSABILITY .
 I did all the research and deceided to try this Epson because it 's an all in one type photo printer . I noticed it was very loud and right off the bat had loading problems . Pictures were not good either , color was incorrect and there were lines in photo . DO N'T BUY IT !
 Maybe it is an incompatibility problem with Windows Vista , but I am unable to print any good-quality pictures on any kind of paper . After trying several `` maintenance '' options and every single print setting , nothing has worked . Epson responded by saying to make sure I use Epson cartridges -LRB- which we did because they came with the printer -RRB- . I am returning this because it is useless as is .
 Ran into an Epson rep at Bestbuy and he recommended this printer . Looked really nice , but could never load the ink . Spent well over an hour trying to do what should have taken 1 minute . Spent 20 minutes on the phone with Epson tech support . She basically read the manual to me , then told me to take it back . Hats off to Bestbuy who took it back no questions asked.Oh well the search continues for a printer . Looks like a Canon or HP.Update
 Some reviewers have commented that this cord is a `` pretty heavy gauge '' . One even claims the cord is 14 awg . Well I received my cords and they are 18 awg , the same gauge as your average power cord . In what sense then do these cords deserve to be called `` premium '' power cords ? I do n't know .
 You must be kidding me ! 30 + bucks for this cable ? Total joke ! I just bought a Monster Cable -LRB- item no . DVI400-2M -RRB- which is a top-notch DVI cable for less than 20 bucks . Do n't buy this crappy cable , buy a Monster Cable instead if you want a high-end quality cable or spend less than 5 bucks for another brand with the same quality/specs of this Dayton DVI cable .
 Received this tv as a gift in 2008 . Less than a year later the lamp blew out and I had to have it repaired . The tv was under the year warranty so it was fixed . The lamp had a 5 year warranty and a couple of weeks ago the lamp blew out again . I called Panasonic to have my tv fixed -LRB- 5 year warranty -RRB- and I was told that they could not fix the tv because I received the tv as a gift and therefore I was not the original owner of the tv . I have been fighting with them for almost 3 weeks with regard to fixing the lamp . My sister has the same tv bought at the same time and she was told that her warranty expired and she would have to pay for it herself . It cost her $ 495.00 to have hers fixed . Panasonic sells junk and when their products break , they wo n't fix them even if they are still under warranty . Do yourself a favor -LRB- and a lot aggravation -RRB- and buy another brand .
 My refurbished printer did not work when it came out of the shipping package . The error light stayed on and I could not get the printer to recognize that paper was in the bin and ready to go . The seller was nice enough to troubleshoot the problem with me , but I had to ship it back . Hopefully I will get a refund because I do n't think the printer can be fixed . In addition , when I looked on line regarding this printer , I found another major problem -- the printer tends to pull several sheets of paper at a time from the paper bin which has been a major complaint from other customers on various websites .
 I usually watch HD cable , but need to pick up some local over the air UHF digital channels . I have a Terk HDTVa antenna on one of my TVs that works pretty well , but needed another one that had a slightly more compact footprint . That is one of the reasons I decided to purchase the Philips MANT-410 . The MANT-410 also had a built-in 45db amplifier , one of the stronger amplifiers available that comes with an antenna . After installing , the reception was pretty bad and I found out the amplifier was basically useless . I actually loss TV reception of UHF channels that I could receive when it was turned on and adjusting the gain levels did n't help . One of the rabbit ears also broke off at the base just above the swivel .
 My old rabbit ears gave me more reception than this piece of junk . I could not get any channels at all after hooking the Philips MANT 400 to my TV.Had to go back to the rabbit ears . I wasted money on this product . If your smart you wo n't buy .
 I 've actually had this antenna for several years , and for analog TV signal , this was great for getting both VHF and UHF signals , over 70 miles away ! It even picked up a low-powered UHF station over 40 miles away!BUT FOR DIGITAL TV , it 's a different story . I ca n't get a single station with this ! Even a $ 14 non-powered flat digital antenna was able to pick up 2 stations . Apparently the digital part of this antenna is n't amplified , which means it 's barely going to get more than your standard DTV -LRB- or HDTV -RRB- can get with NO antenna ! This is really dumb on Philip 's part -- you can pick up analog channels over 70 miles away , but not digital stations 30 miles away ? With analog signal now gone , this is basically only good for AM and FM radio reception.Don ' t waste your money -- if you live in the city , get the $ 14 non-powered antenna . If you 're out in the countryside like me , get the $ 35 powered indoor antenna at Wal-Mart . Skip this !
 It does n't work with HDTV stations , but it works perfectly fine with analog stations , which means it will be useless after June 12 , 2009 !
 This antenna did nothing for my TV . Now I live in the desert without a real TV station with 230 miles but I am surrounded by translators . I only was able to receive one channel , and this was done by grabbing one end of the antenna with my hand . Granted that I live in a bad area , but when I can look out my windows and see the transmitting antenna 's I would have thought this item would work , but , nope .
 Weak signal , does n't do the job I bought it for .
 not only does it not recieve any stations but it kills the ones i was already getting . i live within 10 miles of all the broadcasting towers with no obstructions . do not buy this
 I hooked this amplified antenna to my tv and got nothing but snow . This is a worthless product ... please do not buy this unless you live right next to the tv station .
 This product works only with my computer and not in any of my DVD players and moreso , it is very difficult to even set-up and you have to go thru a time-wasting registration process . I trashed it . I WILL NOT RECOMMEND IT AT-ALL to anyone . There is better out there , that works with both computer or DVD players and requires no registration .
 I frequently take photos of thin wire sections and need to get very close to them to get sufficient detail . The macro lens attachment on my Sony DSC-F707 camera allows me to focus with the subject matter touching the front lens element.However the light from the LEDs in the HVL-RLA Ring Light starts to drop off noticeably in the center when the subject is closer than about 2 '' from the front edge of the light , which is about 2-1/2 '' from the front lens element . At zero clearance from the front edge there is virtually no light being directed at the subject.For subjects further than 2 '' from the front edge the illumination was fine , but that did n't meet my particular needs.If the above issue was the only problem I had I 'd just write it off as the light not being intended for my application and leave it at that . Unfortunately the battery life I got was also very poor , and erratic.The Sony specification for this light is 40 minutes of use with alkaline batteries at full power . With the first set of batteries I got 11 minutes before the lights went out ; with the second set I got 34 minutes ; with the third set I got 19 minutes . All the batteries were from the same batch.The wide variation in battery life makes me fairly sure that my light was defective . However I noticed that even for the set that lasted 34 minutes the voltage left on a single battery after use was 1.376 V at room temperature -LRB- versus 1.596 V when new -RRB- . This suggests that the electronics in the light are not well-designed to make good use of all the energy stored in the batteries . Many electronic devices will run the battery down to much less than 1V before expiring . Using NiMH or Lithium batteries would have given a much better life of course , but I doubt they would have affected the wide variability in performance that I saw.One other observation was that the batteries that lasted 34 minutes were almost too hot to touch immediately after use , and at that point their voltage was only 1.285 V. So , perhaps the battery life would be better if the light was used in short bursts rather than continuously , so the batteries did n't get too hot.Overall a non-defective sample of this ring light will probably meet most people 's needs , particularly with NiMH or lithium batteries rather than alkaline . However it is quite expensive , it is n't suitable for extreme close-up work , and at least for my sample the battery performance was poor .
 I purchased this Sony ring light for use with my DSLR A700 camera specifically for macro botanical photography . I learned immediately that there 's inadequate illumination to shoot hand-held closeups of plant species in shadows ; the reason I bought it . Regretfully , plants move in wind . Even minimal wind . Accurate manual - or automatic - focus while using the ring light is just about impossible in anything other than absolutely calm conditions - a situation seldom encountered . I 'm back to using a mirror held by someone else to direct sunlight toward shaded subjects .
 This is the worst Sony has produced in their Digital Camera Line . I love Sony stuff ! I am on my 3rd SONY Digital camera , they all STILL work perfectly , giving high quality images . The HVL-RLA does not provide enough light for even a marginal exposure . The pictures you get are full of `` noise '' and it `` gobbles '' batteries in about 20 mins time . The unit is engineered well and I do like that aspect but if it does not illuminate the subject well enough to record a nice image , it 's worthless . Sadly , I returned mine to Amazon for a refund .
 Player did not work properly . Did not detect proper aspect ratio for non-wide screen commerical DVDs . Screen froze during playback . Should never have made it through QC . Disappointing . Item returned
 They claim to have shipped the Opteka 46mm filter kit with a UV , polarizer , and FLD filter . The Opteka filters are claimed to be Designed and made in Japan and multicoated.What they actually shipped was a Bower VFK46C3 which includes a UV , a polarizer , and an ND4 filter . It 's made in China , and I ca n't find any specs on the glass anywhere . No response yet from 47th St Photo . At best , I 'm delayed in getting what I ordered . At worst , I 'm ripped off .
 Although the filters are fine -LRB- not proffesional , but fine -RRB- you should be careful with this ad . These filters are announced here as 46mm . They 're not . They 're 52mm filters that require an adapter in order to be used with 46mm lenses . I already owned more expensive 52mm filters . If I had known this was the case , I would n't have bought these at all . So be careful , this ad is incomplete and falacious .
 Product was advertised to fit JVC-HD7 . It might fit the 46mm thread but the rim of the filters is then too big to fit the lens hood back on .
 Not good value for the price . The padded hp camera case is very light duty . The 16MB CompactFlash memory card is truly too small to be of real value . You will find very quickly that 128MB or 256MB is the working size for memory , especially if you take 30 second video bites . The lens cleaning tissues are of minor use , and the 8 lithium batteries will be a distant memory shortly after youstart using the camera and find out how swiftly it eats battery power . The imaging tips booklet is pretty well redundant to anyone who already has imaging software for his camera . The tips are basic info found in any software help file . Similarly , the idea book with project ideas can be found easily on most mfg 's websites . Finally , the hp premium plus glossy 4x6in photo paper was a small pack of 20 sheets , and specially developed for hp printers . It does n't work so well if you have another type of printer such as an Epson . The `` Accessory Kit '' comes in a package labeled `` hp digital camera accessory pack '' . All in all , this is not worth the price .
 I received this strap and have decided to return it prior to actually using it . Although it appears well constructed , it is very rigid , wide in the area right at the neck and the inside surface is n't smooth - kind of wrinkled . Seems like it will be uncomfortable . Not well enough padded for the weight of DSLRs . Not worth the risk of not liking it after use for this price .
 There are two versions of a Sony leather strap on Amazon . One version has plastic buckles with an Alpha logo on them . The one in this review , the STP-SH1AM has a longer leather section and leather tips that have the logo . The pictures and ad copy on both versions would lead you to believe that the straps are made of thick , supple , padded leather . In fact , the leather on my strap is very thin and stiff and could easily be mistaken for cheap vinyl . You have an outside layer of leather and an inside layer of material selected to avoid slippage , but my 25 year old Nikon straps are better in that regard . Overlaid on the STP-SH1AM outside leather is another oval layer with the Sony name imprinted in it . The stitching on the outside oval is a little sloppy . There seems to be an inner layer of orange cloth that appears as an orange stripe around both edges . Even so , there is no significant padding , regardless of what the Amazon listing says . The leather on the tips that have the Alpha logos is actually good quality . If the whole strap were made of that leather , this would be a 4-star review . With that and real padding , it would be 5-star . The stock strap that came with my Alpha 550 is 1.25 inches wide and made mostly of single-ply nylon . The STP-SH1AM is one quarter inch wider.Sony seems to have gotten in the mode of tripling the price on anything that gets the Alpha logo . Message to Sony
 total garbageis this even leather?stiff dry horribleso many better straps out therethis is not a good one
 i originally bought a 161040A drive back in 3/01 , after reading the gushing reviews - most of which are true , it is a very good burner . however , i have since have had problems with 2 drives within a 6 month period . These problems were not software related - the actual drives went south - the first drive lasted approx . 1 month with about 60-70 burns . Fortunately , their customer support is very good , however , i was without a burner for over a month and a half waiting for their super slow warranty replacement process . After finally receiving my replacement drive in 5/01 , it performed flawlessly , with approx . 250 burns completed , it bit the dust just last week -LRB- mid 8/01 -RRB- . What a disappointment for the time and $ $ spent on what is regarded as one of the top drives . I have never had this much trouble with a piece of electronic equipment and i do not abuse my equipment . i purchased an HP 9700i 16x burner as a replacement -LRB- which has performed equally as well but a little slower than the plextor - only noticeable if you 're looking at your stopwatch -RRB- until plextor can send me a new drive ... when and if i get the replacement .
 I was impressed at firstt with its attractive price and the positive reviews that I had read online . First off , this drive is LOUD . Secondly , it broke just as its 1 year warranty expired . A service rep told me as it was outside the warranty period , they would charge me -LSB- a -RSB- flat rate + -LSB- extra -RSB- S&H ; to have it fixed . Thats it , I have nothing more to say , next time I will stick with a name brand like Yamaha or Sony.-Tim
 I am currently on my THIRD -LRB- yes , THIRD ! -RRB- 16/10/40a Plextor drive . I had to return the previous two because they were faulty . Luckily I work pretty close to Plextor HQ . The first 2 drives broke down after about 1 months use with exactly the same problem - it could n't detect CD 's in the drive . Upon returning to Plextor the second time I was told it was a faulty batch -LRB- TLA # 0000 -RRB- , and given a third drive . This drive has just failed on me too . This time , it causes my PC to lock up , and it can not read CD 's anymore . Quite frankly I am not impressed in the slightest . Poor engineering , quality control , or something has caused this drive to fail repeatedly . I have heard great reports about the Plextor 12/10/32 and will probaly get one of those . Something is seriously wrong with the 16/10/40 .
 This product is not exactly how it is advertised . I 've purchased this cd writer during January 2001 . I did not want to write any type of review on it till I made the necessary tests . Honestly , you can burn data in about 7.5 minutes or less . I use the Fuji 16X compatible cd 's and about 1/3 did n't work . Audio CD 's are ripped extremely slow , so you need to download their software online . So far when backing up any data files including mp3 files , you can do it within the 7.5 minutes . The drive is n't perfect because of the framware problems . The 4 megabyte buffer was not so great in minimizing or eliminating most cases of buffer underruns . I had many buffer underruns . I have made over 200 cd 's with 80 cd becoming coasters . The coaster was done by burning MP3 into audio format at 16X . It works fine at 4X but fails at 8x . I tested it at 12X and it was n't successful so I did not attempt to burn the cd . Wave files into audio files was not succesful even at 12-16X . The other coaster was created when I tried to do a cd to cd copy . It failed at 16X ,12 x and 8x . 4X works fine . This probably happen because my cdrom drive reading speed is 40x or 48x . I do n't know exactly why , but it does work but at lower speed for this type of burning . You 'll probably be better off with a Yamaha 16/10/40 drive if you intend to do cd to cd copying as it is n't as CPU intensive , otherwise you can save some money and get this one ... Installation was very hard . I would suggest you also download the latest firmware if your drive does n't have it already . I have a Pentium 3/850 with 512meg ram . I have owned and tried a few other cd writers and by far this is the worst and slowest one I 've seen to date . -LRB- HP , Ricoh , Plextor -LRB- without the burn proof ones -RRB- , etc. -RRB- I have to give it 1 stars because of the long time it takes me in burning CD 's and with lots of coasters created .
 I bought my Rio Volt in October at Circuit City . Within a couple of weeks , and for no reason , the laser stopped working and it read `` NO DISC '' whenever I tried to play anything . I took it back and they replaced it . Within another couple of weeks the same thing happened . I took it back again . This third player lasted about two months , and then the remote broke and the laser stopped working again , just like the last two times , and for no reason . This time it was too long to take it back to Circuit City , so I decided to contact the manufacturer . I sent many , many emails to customer service , and was never even responded to . I called customer service on the telephone -LRB- which was NOT a toll-free number and took 30 minutes for me to get anyone on the phone . -RRB- So far , I 've called 3 times . Each time I finally talk to someone , they tell me that they 'll email me in 3 to 5 days giving me return instructions , and without fail , I never hear from them again . Clearly these people build an unstable product , and they make their living on getting your money and then making sure you ca n't get it back . An MP3 CD player is a great tool , but I would buy it from anyone but these people .
 When you buy a used item you take the 50/50 chance that what the seller says is true . I bought this item from a private individual . The player eats batteries like termites eats rotten wood . I was using Duracell batteries and the battery indicater shut the system down after only four hours of play . THe batteries were dead , I measured the voltage . Last , the manufacture does not have a product support system for their products .
 This is one of the most expensive and useless CD player that I ever seen . With the anti-skip thing , both regular and MP3 CDs all SKIP every second when I put it in my bag and walk . Do n't buy it . First , I thought the first one I bought was broken but the second is still the same . Again , just do n't buy it .
 I returned the first one two days after purchase when it would n't boot up . I used the second one for about 21/2 weeks before returning it . The main reason - noisy amp section . It `` thumped '' thru the speakers when the display went off and whined the rest of the time.Pro 's
 I was a big Diamond fan . I bought one of the first Diamond MP3 32 meg players almost two years ago . I loved it . I recently bought a RioVolt and was * very * satisfied.Then I broke a wire in the little remote control cable . After far too many emails to an unbelievably un-responsive Sonic Blue support organization , I realized I would never be able to talk with a human being about getting a replacement either via email or phone . I just got pre-formatted ` Robomail ' responses telling me to blindly PUT MY CREDIT CARD NUMBER IN AN UNENCRYPTED EMAIL , and they 'd bill me for an item I do not know they have , for a cost they would not state . Tell me , how can a company that makes * great * products be so short-sighted ? I would not have bought my Acura , however well made it was , and for any price , however low , if I thought the support component of the organization would n't have been there when I needed it . Obviously , I will never buy another SonicBlue/Diamond product again .
 It skips when you walk ; let alone run . It pauses inbetween mixed songs so listening to dance compilations is a torture . With regular portable disk players playing recorded CDs , I do n't see the value of this product .
 Ok where to start ... It 's bulkyIt eat batteries like no other . About 4 hours max on battery life.I dropped it from about 2 feet and the lid broke ; now I use the case to keep it closed.It does scroll and that is probably the only good feature . However , you can not organize your music in anyway . So you might be scrolling through a 170 song playlist.I would suggest buying and Iriver SlimX 350 or higher .
 I ca n't see what 's the big deal about this project . OK , fine , I probably could handle the skipping and fast battery drainage , but then several events happened -LRB- below , in chronological order -RRB- , forcing me to warn people not to buy this product .1 . The hold button suddenly did n't work .2 . The remote that came with it suddenly stopped working as well .3 . The whole unit stopped playing CDs and could n't function.Forget about customer support !! Rio would just send you a useless FAQ email.Please , please , please do n't buy this !!
 it sounds good , but its hardly barable to listen to because it skips constantly . you cant even walk 5 feet with it in ur pocket with out it skipping , so dont get this if ur goin to use it for jogging or even walking around . but it isnt that bad for a car , because then the anti skip well actually work -LRB- the music has a chance to load when u stop or on a smoother road -RRB- the battery life -LSB- stinks -RSB- too it really only about 6 hours , and for a discman thats horrible ...
 I was so hopeful that this unit would be the one ... Unfortunately , it 's not . I 've used several store-bought CDs in this player , and the supposed 40-second skip protection I 've set it at is a joke . The minute it 's in any position other than horizontal , it 's skipping and going silent for long gaps . Also , the start-up seems to take a long time . As for the remote , I find the buttons to be poorly spaced , and the whole thing should be oriented differently for maximum ease of use.I miss my silly Sony Vaio Music Stick with no moving parts ...
 After using RioVolt about a week , I regret buying it . Before I purchased it , I read a lot of good reviews about it . I wonder whether or not those reviews were sent by Rio 's own people . First of all , there is no reminder about upgrading the firmware on Getting Started Poster . You must get that info . from one of the installation cd 's that comes with RioVolt . The Manual -LRB- 22 Pages -RRB- on the cd does n't tell you everything you need to know about navigating the features . The worst thing is you have no access to the newest manual online ! You have to download it . I can live with that , too . But the manual is exactly the same !! Unless you read some of the FAQ 's in Rio 's web site , you will never find out that by pressing and holding EQ button you can see all those extra features !! ... Their tech support is another story . After sending them a detailed e-mail -LRB- I could n't program the darn thing to play let 's say tracks 14-25 -LRB- second album on a 107 song CD-R with MP3 files -RRB- , they responded with a solution for a completely different type of problem and a player -LRB- Rio 600 and Rio 800 -RRB- . ... The player randomly plays tracks instead of starting with the first track . Musicmatch Jukebox Plus that I used to rip my own store purchased CD 's and burned CD-R 's play perfectly on different computers . Tracks 001-002-003 and so on . I can accept a cheap looking case -LRB- after all the player that I was after ! -RRB- and ear buds . But poorly written manual and bad Tech Support are not acceptable ...
 Skip-protection is at best - REALLY BAD ! The only time it does n't skip is when it 's turned off ! My old Sony 10-second ESP CD player does n't skip like this thing . LCD display fractured while in use in my car . Just sitting on the seat ! Could n't take the 90 degree heat . I do not recommend this product to anyone who uses it while in motion -LRB- moving around , walking , jogging , in the car , etc. -RRB- , only to those who are sitting down with the unit on a table or desk !
 Though I have not done an extensive amount of research , it appears that this device is ` the state of the art ' with regard to what is available . If that is the case , then I am going to wait for further innovations.For the most part the device functions well , but there are some serious glitches . Foremost among them is the anti-skip technology . Even brisk walking is likely to make the Rio Volt skip and ` stop ' . So , if you have any illusions of using it while exercising , forget it . Also , the device has a lot ` programability ' ... so much so that it can be complicated to keep straight how to perform simple functions , like repeat play , etc. . Also , the Rio Volt often makes ` mistakes ' , such as displaying the incorrect information when a tune is playing . In short , it does function as a reasonable MP3/CD player , but it is prone to skipping , complicated controls and glitches . I returned it after experiencing these limitations . I will await the release of products with better anti-skip technology .
 How can it be good if it skips like crazy ? You can just gently walk with it and it will skip . What 's the point of making a portable player that needs to be put on the desk to be listened to . I do n't know who wrote those positive reviews , had to be the insiders.I brought mine back the same day I baught it . Later I purchased a Phillips , which does n't skip at all . I would 've given it 0 stars , if Amazon.com had this option
 The good news ... It really does what it is supposed to . It played my MP3 CD-Rs as advertised , it displayed the track info , it is software upgradeable , the batteries last . The bad news ... It skips ! You can not put it on your belt and walk . It will drive you crazy . I rigged a strap to carry it by my chest , it was a little better , but not good . I think I am going to have to return this and get a regular CD player . I hate to change CDs , but I hate skips more .
 I picked up the RioVolt almost as soon as it came out . I figured with Sonicblue 's reputation in the digital audio world , the ability to play regular CDs or hundreds of MP3 and WMA songs from a single CD -- all in a portable package -- what could go wrong ? Several things ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- The anti-skip function hardly works at all . If the player is moved too much then you can be sure that it WILL skip . It almost seems as if the player plays out its anti-skip buffer but does n't refill it during any motion or activity . I thought that the benefit of this type of feature was that it would play from memory while continuing to fill memory from the CD during motion . Apparently not in this case . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The carrying case supplied is useless . It 's little more than a slip case with no external access to the buttons on the main unit or a view of the LCD . Good for storage but not for carrying it along . -LRB- 3 -RRB- By far the most serious problem I 've had with this player is that I am unable to reliably switch to and play MP3 or WMA files that are near the end of the file list on any CD . For example , if I have a CD with 100 MP3 files and I want to play file # 73 in the list , I navigate to the file and select play . The RioVolt will spin for SEVERAL MINUTES before beginning to play the track . Then , when it does finally begin playing , it will play for only a few seconds , pause for several seconds , play some more , and so on . It never catches up with itself and starts playing the track smoothly . I can easily reproduce this problem and have experimented with several different discs , both MP3 and WMA formats and multiple firmware versions . I thought that maybe there was a problem with my RioVolt until I read about this exact same problem in a recent magazine review . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Forget about technical support . I 've been trying to use the online technical support email form , only to be told -LRB- after filling in a form with a detailed description of my problem -RRB- that their web server is out of space.Maybe the new high-end SP250 or even the low-end SP90 will fix this problem . Or maybe it will be fixed in a future firmware release . However , for the time being , my RioVolt is essentially useless .
 It skips badly . This says it all for me as I was looking for a player that I could take around with me . That claimed skip protection is wrong.Thank you very much . I ended up returning this one and buying Phillips , which is much better in the skip department . Phillips does skip , but only if you forget to turn the skip protection on and shake it realy hard .
 After a lot of research I bought this unit rather than others from well known electronics brands , with a lot of trust and excitement . Mi RioVolt worked fine for a short while then started showing problems reading burnt CDs it used to play fine . I upgraded the Firmware to latest verion 2.10 and the probles worsened . After many hours of testing all conceivable settings and brand media wasted , -LRB- both CD-R and CD-RW -RRB- I contacted Tech support to get an answer that my unit was fine -LRB- how can they tell ? -RRB- and the problem was with the burner . Many hours and tests with burners later , my Rio does not work at all and am waiting for a reply from Rio .
 I recently bought the Rio Volt player and returned it after a week . The sound quality was definitely good , when the player was n't skipping . According to the package , the player has 120-second anti-skip for mp3 CDs , but whenever I walked with it , the sound would occassionally crackle or pause for several seconds altogether . For regular audio CDs , the player was even worse . I think my CD player from back in 1993 had more consistent skip protection . On top of that , this unit is rather bulky and thus considerably more difficult to carry around in a coat pocket than a regular sony discman.The little remote control is slightly overrated , since its really not that difficult to reach the extra 10 inches or so and change tracks on the player itself . Moreover , there is the problem of the inevitable tangle of wires -LRB- there is alot of wire when the headphones are connected to the remote , which is in turn connected to the player -RRB- . It 's definitely not worth the extra 40 dollars or so from the next lower model.All of the technology this player offers , such as the graphic equalizer and the lcd screen with little men that dance to the music , is definitely cool -- but concepts of practicality and efficiency are definitely lacking . The load time of CDs , both mp3 and audio , is ridiculously slow , since all the sound is processed through the little computer that one can upgrade from the internet . Because of this , be prepared to spend alot of money on batteries . It sucked down two of my rechargable batteries in 30 minutes , and it ran for maybe 6 hours tops on fresh duracells.Though the MP3 technology is alluring , this product wo n't make a huge difference in your life if you only have a few MP3 CDs . It definitely did n't compel me to make any new ones . This player could be good a few years down the line , when the manufacturers update it with the convenience of the user in mind .
 Rio Volt broke after one month . We took the Rio Volt on vacation , it worked fine , but when we got home the CD 's would n't spin . It suffered no abuse whatsoever . I have been trying to get in touch with SonicBlue for 6 weeks , so far no luck . I talked to one individual on the phone , he said they would email me and send a box to return the Rio Volt in . That was three weeks ago . Nothing . Sonic Blue appears to be avoiding us . so for now all I have is a broken mp3 player that cost a fair amount of money .
 Worked great when I first received , but after about 6 weeks it just stoped working . Phone support was either nonexistent or expensive . Online support , which they recommended , resulted in NO RESPONSE.I Have given up on this expensive mistake.Bought another brand.Won ' t buy a RIO/Sonic Blue product again .
 The RioVolt plays wmas -- but the manual included is lacking and weak in terms of providing reaonable direction on how to create , save , and put wmas and playlists on a cd . Attempts to follow-up with customer support with SonicBlue have also been lackluster.If you are looking a simple cd player , then the RioVolt would fit the bill . If you are looking for something that would play wmas and playlists on the cd , then look elsewehere . It is simply a disappointment .
 To me this product looks great and I 've ordered it , but dont make the same mistake I made , order it elsewhere . I placed my order on March 6th and it was delayed fivetimes already and it is estimated to get to my house on March 19th if it does n't get delayed agian . So if you want to buy it go somewhere else . Its also not my mistake becouse I paid for 2nd day delivory , and the player still has n't even been shiped . So Buy it , Just Buy it Elsewhere
 I just brought this player today and i feel it 's really -LSB- bad -RSB- .1 -RRB- the headphone is extremely -LSB- bad -RSB- . -LSB- ... -RSB- 2 -RRB- the control is poorly design . 3 -RRB- the cd bag is the worse type . 4 -RRB- the LCD 's text looks bad . 5 -RRB- the sound quality is not very good , may be it 's the problem with the headphone.I would strongly recommand go look for other MP3 cd player . I personally really dont have confidence with diamond 's product . from it 's video card product history can tell .
 You need a CD burner , you have way more music on one CD than you can possibly manage , and you need to burn a new CD everytime you grab that awesome new tune . Sorry , I would n't pay this much for this thing ... even though I love my mp3s . I have the RIO Pmp300 , and even though the memory is small this is excessive and is cumbersome . Sorry , but buy something else .
 I was so excited about this product and tested it out on a hike . To my dismay , the unit would not work unless I held it horizontal . -LRB- So , why have a belt holder ? -RRB- I wrote Diamond , and they replied that the behavior was normal and `` There is currently no way around this . '' It took customer support 3 days to get back to me with that . -LRB- A time frame Diamond also considers normal . -RRB- So either I have a bad unit or am just dealing with bad customer support . Either way , I recommend interested consumers wait until some of the quirks are worked out .
 Ok RioVolt SP100 is a good first generation mp3/cd player , I 'll give it that , hell it 's probably much better than a lot of the second generation mp3/cd players on the market as far as features go -LRB- navigation , id3 tags , etc. -RRB- . Alright let me cut to the chase ; I use a portable audio device frequently for my daily commute and I need a player that is durable with good skip protection . Unfortunately the RioVolt SP100 is not what I wanted . Yes it is a great player if you 're going to have it sitting still on a desk , but I need something that I could move around with and not skip so often , its not even like I jog with it , I just walk with it and its skips . Another bone that I have to pick with it is that it 's just so darn big and bulky , but that 's a minor problem compared to the skipping.I brought this player when it was fairly new on the market and there were n't many other mp3/cd players to choose from , so I would advise anyone considering buying this player to look elsewhere , especially now that there are better mp3/cd players on the market .
 Overall I liked this player . It does n't skip and it plays just about everything . HOWEVER , if it breaks your -LRB- ... -RRB- . I have made over a dozen phone calls from the east coast to Oregon on my dime and waited on hold for too many hours without getting any response . I was told I would have a replacement for the Rio Volt I owned that `` just stopped '' within two weeks . No there 's no reset in case your wondering . -LRB- I asked -RRB- They ship the product overnight . It 's been over a month and I still do n't have a new one . After sending 10 emails to all customer service departments they shipped my player through UPS ground . With anyluck it will be here in 12 days like the tracking number says.My Advice , by an MP3 player from someone other than Sonic Blue -LRB- RIO -RRB-
 Big expectations , poor results . The unit played audio CDs just fine -LRB- so it was working -RRB- and I was able to upgrade successfully to the 2.0 software . BUT it would not reliably play any MP3 CD-R I put in the unit -LRB- CD-Rs that worked just fine in multiple PCs / multiple CD-ROM drives -RRB- . If there are more than 255 tracks it gets totally confused . I wasted several CD-Rs - burning them with 1 , 10 , 100 tracks - no luck . The unit would crash and reset continually.Had to return the unit - first return to eBay . Recommendation - try in a store before you buy .
 This unit is great as far as musical functionality . The sound , interface , upgradability and build quality -LRB- given the price -RRB- are alloutstanding . With high-quality VBR MP3s this unit sounds great . Theincluded headphones are horrible , but I had no expectation or intentof using them anyway . Generally I use a pair of Sennheiser HD25headphones , which are great for air travel.I use the unit almost exclusively with NiMH rechargable batteries.After a month or so of use , I finally broke-out the AC adapter for ahome listening session . I listened for a while and then went on toother things , leaving the unit plugged in.A couple hours later I noticed an odd smell as I walked through my livingroom andquickly tracked it down to the SP100 and AC adapter . They were bothhotter than I ever imagined plastic devices could be without meltingand/or bursting into flame . The rechargable batteries were melted anddestroyed.An alarmed call to Rio 's customer service number resulted in themtelling me that use of non-Alkaline batteries in the SP100 was notrecommended . They refused to treat this as a manufacturing flaw orwarranty issue.Some basic electronic testing quickly revealed that 4.5 V DC is presenton the battery contacts when the unit is attached to the AC adapter.Apparently they are relying on the high internal resistance ofalkaline batteries rather than having proper electrical isolationbetween the batteries and the external DC input.In this day and age of huge liability settlements I ca n't believe acompany would n't design their devices in a more robust manner.I continue to enjoy using this unit , but have thrown away the ACadapter to prevent any mishaps given my desire to continue using NiMHbatteries . Be careful out there ...
 I was initally pleased with this product after I unpacked it and tried it out . Unfortunately , like others that have written reviews , that all changed after I tried to take it for a walk.The skip protection on this unit is totally useless . Unless you are standing almost completely still , it skips like crazy . I do n't know how this company can claim it has 120 seconds of anti-skip memory . I can make it skip in a much shorter period even after being completely still for minutes before . Maybe you get 120 seconds if you encode at 8 kbps?I ca n't recommend this product for mobile usage . Is n't that what a portable is for ?
 I was loving my new Rio Volt player for about a month . The new version 2.0 firmware upgrade was great . I would have given it 5 stars about 3 weeks ago . It even plays those 16kbs audio books that other players wont - even though the volume is a bit low . But if it breaks , you are out of luck . I sent an email to their customer support over 2 weeks ago , and 2 more emails since then , and have still gotten no reply -LRB- except the automatic `` We received your email and will get back to you within several business days '' message -RRB- . It would be very easy to fix if I could just get a replacement part . So , if you get one , be gentle with it . It 's the best player available but has 0 customer support behind it .
 I just got the Rio Volt yesterday after reading all the positive reviews and it really is awesome . Yes , there are some minor problems and some pops and clicks but seemingly overall incredible . Now I can listen to my thousands of mp3s in my car and work . That was what I thought before I tried to go outside with it.I read a couple of reviewers who stated that they had major problems when they went for a walk with . I disregarded these and went with the majority . This thing DOES SKIP more than any portable CD player I 've purchased in the last five years . I bought it for the car and walking and now I ca n't walk with it . It skips and skips and skips and that 's when it 's actually playing something . Usually it is playing nothing , just spinning . Instead of having it spin a quarter of the time and be impervious to skipping the other 3/4 of the time , they should have just designed it like a regular continually spinning portable and had good ESP instead of the horrible , laughable skip protection they are using . The design of spin/no spin is terrible . It leaves a major Achilles heel unless you plan on standing completely still every minute and thirty seconds or so . PURE JUNK if you want to walk with it . And rather disingenuous , expecially sending it with a belt strapped carrying case .
 This player skips anyway you carry it , and anywhere you carry it . Do noy buy it !
 I bought this product a while ago because im the type of person who doesnt like to carry a lot of cds with me and I thought this was a great idea . At first it was great , the idea of having 150 + songs on was cd was great . Altough there are people who say the anti-skip works , it really doesnt . I used it when I walked or when i rode my bike , but it skipped a lot . I know about the buffer thing , your suppose to wait a while so that the songs starts playing again , but it doesnt solve the problem , it still skips . In my opinion , get this produclt ONLY if you are the type of person who is gon na have it somewhere where its still , if you walk or jog , look for a different product .
 Like other reviewers , I saw the raves on the internet and bought the Riovolt . I kept it in my room on a desk playing only audio CD 's and it worked great for awhile - maybe 20 hours of disc time . Then I tried my first MP3 and got a `` no disc '' error . I thought I had recorded the files wrong or something , until I finally tried another audio CD and still got the `` no disc '' error . Their website says to clean the laser but that did n't do anything for it . They also said to upload the new software on it but it would n't read that disc either.I do n't like having to write a poor review but if I can save someone else the time and trouble of buying this item I will . Unfortunately , I am out of the country and ca n't return or replace this item . If you want to enjoy your music buy another player !
 From a software standpoint this device is a marvel . Especially with the firmware update 1.12 fp , allowing one to pickup where you were when you turned the unit off . One quibble with the software even there though is that you have to choose whether to play an uncompressed audio -LRB- wav -RRB- file CD OR a compressed data -LRB- mp3or wma -RRB- file CD . You can not play a CD with mixed audio and data files . However , my biggest quibble is with the hardware design . The way I see it if you are at home there is no need to use the device because you can use your computer to play files . This leaves either in the car or outside . They warn you for safety reasons not to use the player in the car . And , as has been pointed out by others , if you are even walking , the skip protection is useless ! So from a practical standpoint , the only way to get use out of this device is to buy a car adapter to use in your auto . I 'll wait until they provide 1 -RRB- Much better skip protection and 2 -RRB- an auto adapter which comes with the unit . Providing a belt holder on the case is inane or worse ! Who would continuously stand still to listen to files ?
 Let me preface this review by saying that I 'm currently on my second Rio Volt . I purchased one two months ago , used it , returned it , purchased another one , and have been using this one for about two weeks.To be fair , the reasons I like Rio Volt :1 -RRB- The upgradable capabilities are a BIG plus . HUGE . To know that certain features can be added with a 2 second download and burn is a great relief , as I know the player has less chance of becoming obsolete .2 -RRB- The mp3 capability is also obviously the main reason for buying it . It was great to take 15 albums by the same artist , encode them and burn them to one disc , and have that to listen to . Quite convenient .3 -RRB- The display , while a bit complicated at first , was very helpful in navigation - especially with the ID3 tags .4 -RRB- Different EQ 's , including a new `` user-defined '' EQ -LRB- with version 2.0 -RRB- Now , the reasons I am returning my second Rio Volt :1 -RRB- This is the main reason - the damn thing skips WAY too much - almost constantly . I heard there were some skipping problems with mp3s , but I 'm not even talking about mp3s . I 'm not even talking about CD-Rs . I 'm talking about regular CDs . I set the shock protection to 40 seconds and it still skips constantly . I do not jog with the thing , but I do a lot of walking in my daily commute . In order to keep the player from bouncing around in my bag/jacket pocket , I generally keep a hand on it at all times to keep it stable . However , even doing THIS causes it to skip every few seconds . The only time I can guarantee no skips is when it 's sitting on a flat surface - and guess what ? That 's not why I bought a portable player .2 -RRB- The thing eats up batteries , even with skip protection turned off . I use it a total of maybe 1.5 hours total per day , and I do n't know why batteries are dead after 3 or 4 days . Unacceptable .3 -RRB- Carrying case ? Do n't even go there . :--RRB- 100 % useless .4 -RRB- The remote , while a VERY cool feature , is difficult to control . I was intending to use it quickly , while walking , to change songs . I wind up having to stop what I 'm doing to stare at the remote to see what I 'm doing ... then I have to pull out the CD player to confirm it .5 -RRB- Loading time , and again , not even for an mp3 disc , but for a store-bought , professionally-manufactured CD , is way too long . The thing takes up to a minute to load .6 -RRB- The sound on this thing is just not very powerful.Some people love this player , and more power to them . I 'm an optimistic person and was very eager to receive my second Rio Volt , hoping that my first one was just a `` bad egg . '' I think that they 're the first company to really put out a functional mp3/CD player , but being the first , I think there are just some bugs that need to be worked out . I personally ca n't keep a player that skips this much - it 's just way too unreliable for my needs . I can deal with not having an mp3 CD player for now - technology will eventually bring about better players . Until then , my personal opinion is to steer clear of the Rio Volt - unless you plan to have it sit on a tabletop whenever you use it .
 I bought the RioVolt SP100 Portable CD/MP3 Player with all hopes of finally having tons of songs on a cd that would never skip . And with MP3s it did n't . Audio CDS did skip at the smallest touch as there was no buffer for them and such a buffer would have made it cost more . The sound quality was great , but it took quite a learning curve to understand the product . The equalizers pretty much did nothing , and you were very limited in how you made your own.But heres the funny part : I put it on my desk after i was done listening to it overnight , and in the morning it just did n't work anymore . It would only play tracks one and two of any gived cd , and then it 'd only play 22 seconds of each song.SonicBlue has a TERRIBLE customer service . SO BAD that they hav n't even contected me yet , and it broke LAST SUMMER.If you guys really want something that will play MP3s , buy an Archos or an iPod . Archos lets you record songs , so if your friend has a song on their cd that you want , you can just record it from them.Get something else .
 The SP100 has good features , and works pretty well but it not built very sturdy . While inside my padded case logic cd-carrier it fell down and broke . I have read other reviews where the same experience has happened to many other people . I just bought the Sony CD-MP3 player and it is a lot better , much more durable , and much better skip protection .
 initially , i was very excited about purchasing this unit . I did extensive research and the rio volt came up time and time again . I decided to plunk down the -LSB- money -RSB- at -LSB- a local retailer -RSB- . Initially , it worked great with no problems . That was about 3 months . Afterwards , it was nothing but annoying to say the least . The unit seems picky when it comes to the brand of blank cd 's you use . i used memorex cd 's and it worked fine , but with any other brand , it would n't even spin up the cd and the words `` NO DISC '' continued to come up . Later , the unit would n't even load up the Memorex CD 's . Sometimes i 'd have to restart the unit 10 times before the unit would load the MP3 's off of the cd . Then , it would skip like crazy . I actually let it skip and try to play through one song ... a 4 minute song took about 27 minutes to play because it skipped so badly . I did make several attempts to clean the lens with a good cd lens cleaner , but it made absolutely no difference whatsoever.The battery life dwindled considerably over the course of a few months . It started to give me 14 hours of life from 2 AA batteries -LRB- as promised at the website -RRB- , but soon , i was lucky to get 4 hours with rechargable nickel hydride batteries.I live in a cold climate and they player just seemed to never want to warm up sometimes . I would never leave something so expensive in my car ... but when i would use it in my car after warming it up , it continued to give me problems . I 'm not sure if the problems with the unit are caused by the cold or by terrible construction . Either way , it 's a piece of junk.I did like the remote control on the headphones , but the earbuds that are included sound terrible which meaned that i had to purchase additional headphones . The carry case that comes with the unit is absolutely useless and hardly seems worthy of using . How much does someone have to spend to get a protective carry case that is n't as thin as a piece of paper ? i think -LSB- the cost -RSB- is more than sufficent to justify a real `` protective '' case.If you 're looking for a portable MP3 player worthy of your time and your hard earned income , i would highly recomend the Creative Labs Jukebox any day over this . I replaced my Rio Volt with one and i have been in absolute MP3 heaven ever since.Do yourself a favor ... walk right past this unit at the store and pick up a Creative Labs Jukebox . Rio needs to serriously rethink the way they do things and treat their customers because they 've completely lost me as a customer and more are sure to follow if they buy one of these overpriced paperweights .
 I needed a stylus for my Kindle Fire , thought this would be great . Perfect color to match the `` skin '' I chose to adorn my new toy . I used it collectively a matter of minutes and it fell apart ! I could not but it back together ! As always AMAZON.com was very gracious excepted my return and issued my refund expeditiously . Thanks Amazon !
 Could n't get it to work , my PC never would boot with it pluged in . Pass on this , I 'm glad I 'm only out five bucks .
 Update
 Installed it in two older towers . Did not work in a tower -LRB- AMD chip -RRB- with windows 2000 -LRB- installed driver from disk -RRB- . Did not work in an older dell server -LRB- intel chip and MO board -RRB- with PCBSD 1.5.1 OS .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 This is great if all of electrical devices you are connecting to it are lamps or some other device with a similarly narrow plug . This is supposed to be a 7 outlet surge protector yet the outlets are so cramped together that I can only use 4 outlets .
 This is my second order for a Belkin surge protector strip . Both had broken receptacles right out of the box . I sent the first one back to them and it cost me as much in shipping as the product to get a replacement . This one I returned to Amazon for a refund . Very poor quality of workmanship . I would definitely NOT recommend their surge power strips .
 I have other Belkin SurgeMaster surge protectors that I LOVE and fully expected to love this one just as much . I was looking for a smaller surge protector for areas like my bedside table where I only have a small number of things to plug in . I love that the outlet covers slide over the outlet to keep dust -LRB- and cat fur -RRB- out of unused outlets . The outlet covers on other Belkin SurgeMasters I own are very sturdy . However , these outlet covers are quite flimsy - one even lifts up about 1/4 of an inch from the surge protector itself . I 'm very disappointed in the quality of construction .
 When I order this product I realized that it needed speakers so I had to order something else in place of it . Amazon is a good place to buy any kind of product and I will be doing more business in the near future.Thanks Amazon !
 The first one lasted about 4 years . The second one about 45 days . $ 11.40 UPS shipping charge to return for `` free warranty repair . '' And the what does Amazon 's seller , My Radio Store , Inc. , have to say ? `` Not our problem . '' You might try home kits by Delphi or Belkin , if you can confirm they are compatible with the Audiovox XM radio . Buying locally instead of on the internet would cost you a little extra but might allow you to check compatibility with other home kits and also give you some leverage on getting the item replaced right at the store .
 Had to call Customer Service to try to cancel my order and they were not helpful at all . Very short with me and never had a straight answer . Would not recommend them to anybody
 This item worked well for a couple of weeks before the AUDIO OUT receptacle stopped producing a signal . The radio still received power , and the radio received a signal from the antenna , and the audio cable worked when tested with other devices . I returned the cradle to Audiovox since the source of the problem is apparently the AUDIO OUT receptacle on that component . I quickly received a cradle back from Audiovox -LRB- probably the same unit that I sent to them , but I did n't note the serial number -RRB- . Once again , the radio received power and a good signal , but no AUDIO OUT signal was produced from the cradle . I sent the entire kit back to Audiovox and after waiting for a couple of weeks , I called to ask about the status . Right off the bat , I received a lecture that they would n't continue to send me new components since their testing showed that the item worked . I was told that my radio could be the problem and that any future returns should include my radio in order to fully test the problem . The person I spoke with could n't A -RRB- confirm that their testing included the AUDIO OUT receptacle , and B -RRB- explain how it is that my potentially flawed radio works fine when using other cradles . I was holding off on reviewing this product until I received this second replacement , thinking that I will ultimately receive a unit that I 'm happy with . After this recent customer service experience , I wish I had n't made this purchase .
 I had this unit nearly three years and it performed fine during numerous power glitches . I never run the PC to battery depletion , I only use the UPS to filter spikes and brownouts , so my batteries -LRB- date stamped October 2002 -RRB- died on 23 March 2006 -- decent life for this class of UPS.The bad news is that despite front-panel indicator lights and Bulldog software , the UPS did nothing to alert me to the failing batteries . Only when my PC shut down abruptly did I realize that the UPS needed attention . Upon checking the Log file kept by Bulldog Software , I saw that the battery capacity had dropped to zero 10 days prior , and the battery voltage had been running at 18.5 volts . Why there was NO indication from either LED lights or Software of these serious fault conditions I 'll never know.OK , so it was time for new batteries . I took off the cover only to discover that the two standard size sealed 12 volt cells were bolted in the frame such that removal meant complete dis-assembly of the circuit board and front half of the chassis . This is Pee-poor design , even for a high-school intern level engineering type . Why would anyone bolt batteries which require replacing into the frame?Because the unit had been running hot for 10 days due to the un-alarmed condition of the dead batteries , I decided to first test performance with the replacement batteries before wasting time taking the whole thing apart . I placed the unit on my workbench and connected the new batteries laying next to the UPS . After verifying that charging voltage was OK , I charged them overnight . Upon testing the internal voltages , all looked normal -- but then I checked the output voltage when the load is running on batteries . Instead of the expected 110 to 115 Volts AC , I 'm getting 83-88 volts AC . Cool -- this UPS will now generate its own brownouts free of charge . -LRB- Perhaps it has been this way for years -- I trusted the Bulldog SW voltage reporting , but based on recent experience , I should not have -RRB- . So I 'm working through Belkin Support to see if I have any options besides the re-cycling bin ... . but I can tell you all that I have four APC UPS units , one dating back to 1994 , others to '96 and ' 99 . I 've replaced batteries and continue to run the APC units with no problems.This was my first , and will certainly be my last , Belkin UPS product . Shop around - you can get an 800Va APC unit for $ 79 ... a MUCH better deal than this Belkin unit for the same price . -LRB- both use the exact same batteries so do n't be fooled by the higher VA rating of the Belkin - it is the battery capacity that ultimately determines your run time when the power fails -RRB- And with APC , you can replace the batteries without taking apart the unit - just slide off the cover like any kid 's toy , and replace the batteries . What a concept , eh?BA Zimmerman
 We have had 3 Belkin 1000va units in our CPA office . Three major issues came up.First was that when the batteries went dead there was NO warning . The first we knew was that when the power went out the computers went down instantly . It may have been that there was a light on the panel illumated that indicated low battery -LRB- there is one that is supposed to -RRB- but first they are very dim and since the UPS are not exactly sitting in plain sight , it went un-noticed . Second is that replacing the batteries is a major operation , requiring disassembly of the unit for which there is no documentation , you just have to figure it out yourself . Furthermore disassembly requires screwdrivers , a socket wrench and pulling at least two connectors to remove the primary circuit board . Some of the screws are hard to get at as are the two nuts that hold the battery cover in place.Last , but not least , is that when reassembling the unit after replacing the batteries you have to be VERY careful about reinstalling the unit cover . Make a mistake and you will short the cover against some parts on the exposed main circuit board on top of the battery cover . The resulting arc will destroy the circuit board , whether or not the unit is plugged in . This happened to two or our three units , one was plugged in and one was not . So there is a residual charge somewhere in the circuit that is sufficent to destroy the electronics when reassembly is attempted.Bottom line , we replaced the two failed Belkins with APC units and resolved never to buy a UPS that did not have easily accessible and replaced batteries .
 Just under 1 year of use the Belkin 1200 Universal UPS replace battery alarm went off . Contacted technical support , they confirmed that the battery needed replaced , but in order for them to provide warranty I had to produce an Invoice that was less than 1 year old since the battery warranty is only 1 year . I cant find the receipt so I am SOL.And Belkin does not provide a replacement battery , so I am SOL there too.And if you find a 3rd party replacement battery , you have to completely dis-assemble the UPS to get the battery out ... very poor design in this day in age when its typical for the cheapiest of UPS to have pop/slide out batteries.Its clear to me that this hs been designed to be a throw away UPS ... which isnt fair in my book b/c ayone buying at the 1000 + level will want battery replacement.And I too can hear the humm noise this thing makes that other users reported ... its very noisy even in my server room.My conclusion , complete waste of money ... and since Belkin screwed me I wont be buying Belkin anymore regardless of the better price . But hey , you get what you pay for . . you want to gamble go ahead . Im going to get the APC Back-UPS RS BR1500 .
 I 've had several of these UPS systems for almost a year . In the beginning , the units did a good job of keeping my systems running for 10 - 15 minutes if the power went out . After a year , the batteries ca n't even keep the systems up for 5 seconds . BUT , I think Belkin or APC will be happy to sell you more batteries for about $ 80 per unit . I am disappointed at how fast these batteries lost their ability to hold a charge , basically , I 'm going to just throw them all away , they do n't help me anymore . I think the APC UPS systems are the same way , I do n't recommend the Belkin or APC UPS systems because of their poor batteries .
 The product works fine , like it is designed . However , if the camera were designed to allow a plug-in directly into the camera so the batteries would not have to be replaced by the adapter , it would be much more convenient and make a lot more sense .
 Good for AC power , but DOES NOT charge the battery as written in a review by another customer . I lost my charger and was hoping to get an AC cord to charge the battery without removing it ... this in not the product for that . This is probably only good for extended video viewing on the computer or LCD TV . If you 're just transferring pictures and small video , then the battery power is enough ... as long as you have a charger .
 I bought this adapter , to use it with my new Sony DSC-H2 . However , the H2 does not have a direct connecting for this adapter . -LRB- My previous Sony had -RRB- . Although it comes with a battery replacement gadget which is easy to use . I had hoped to be able to recharge the batteries without taken them out of the camera , this does not work.Marco
 Warning
 I purchased this adapter for my Cybershot model number DSC-W130 which did not come with it 's own AC power cord . According to the Sony and Amazon site this adapter -LRB- ac-ls5k -RRB- was -LRB- and is -RRB- compatible but when I received it the part that is supposed to go in to the battery compartment is too wide and does not work . It is made to AA batteries Cameras . I was cheated ! It 's increadable something like this
 This does not fit the W200 as Sony -LRB- Standard Oil of New York -RRB- advertises in their fictitious owners manual . No direct AC socket , and the battery compartment is far too small . I wish I could give it a ` minus ' star rating .
 will return as it does n't meet my needs . Does n't fit my camera even tho it was advertised to do so .
 Despite a mention in the brief handbook , and despite three e-mail exchanges with the Sony Parts Department , I found that neither the Sony ACLS5 or ACLS5K AC power adaptors are compatible with the DSK-T300 CyberShot camera . In fact , I do n't see any port on the camera that would accept an AC adaptor and still allow connection with a computer , which was the promoted aim of the adaptor . The Sony Parts Department people do NOT know their products !
 We bought the ac-ls5k ac adaptor listed on the website to run our new T200 but it does not fit anywhere on the camera . It 's listed as being compatible but , like some other reviewers have found , it simply is not for some sony cameras including the T200 . After calling Sony supt they said it was intended only for use with the HD docking station . The only problem with that is the docking station already comes with it 's own ac adaptor . So , no use for this at all with the T200 and probably any of the models that use the flat lithium batteries .
 Sony and Amazon -LRB- plus various other dealers -RRB- state that this adapter will work with the Sony DSC-W55 Cyber-shot camera . Do n't believe it!It will work with the older DSC-W35 but not with the DSC-W55 . There is no place to plug the adapter into on the camera and the AA battery plug is too large to fit . Am in process of returning to Amazon
 I purchases this adapter for my Cybershot model number DSC-W55 which did not come with it 's own AC power cord . According to the Sony site this adapter is compatible but when I received it today the part that is supposed to go in to the battery compartment is too wide and does not work . I am working with Sony and Amazon.com to either return it or find out how it does work , but beware if you are ordering this for the DSC-W55 . I 'd give it 5 stars if it did work !
 Like some other models listed , this adapter does NOT work with all Sony models listed . I just purchased the new DSC-N2 camera . The adapter plug does not fit anywhere in my camera , and the AA battery extension does n't help because the N2 takes a slim NP-BG1 Lithium Ion battery . Even the Sony website lists this model as compatible . I am getting my money back , but BEWARE of any retailer pushing the AC-LS5K . When I DO find the compatible model , I will re-post to Amazon .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 The UPS always shut down my computer in 30 seconds after power failure , but the battary level is above 70 % . The tech sopport engineer gave me nothing helpful , and just asked me to replace it.Do not buy productions from Belkin again .
 Purchased this to use in the kitchen . It worked for about 8 months and then just went dead one day while brewing coffee .
 I got this to use with my TV -LRB- LG LM8600 -RRB- . It has a standard 3 prong plug that will NOT fit in this outlet . . !!! . . UGH !! . . Unbelievable !
 Unfortunately the item did n't work . If you pushed it hard against the case , the lights would light , but normally would n't . Poor quality . Have bought Tripp Lites and think their quality is better . Amazon accepted return , no questions asked .
 We bought this product to fit into a tight spot in our kitchen and house our five appliances . We never use more than two at a time , and it has been working fine , as it should , for the past two to three weeks , which is as long as we 've had it . This morning , when using the toaster oven and tea kettle ... the water just stopped boiling . I thought it had finished , but in reality the surge protector just stopped working . The outlets on the wall worked fine as we tested them but this product just flat out broke . A waste of ten bucks , and a major inconvenience ... I 've had problems with Belkin products before but this was my first time with this product . There is no reset feature or anything , so it must have been a lemon . Do n't want to bother getting it again . If yours does work , however , it is pretty convenient for certain tight spaces .
 This looks nice and it is compact , but it only works if you have only one or two larger chargers . The larger chargers can only go in one way , so they block the plugs below them . I can only get two in -LRB- bottom ends -RRB- and then straight plugs into the other two outlets . Two are wasted .
 Poor design . Installation requires removing outlet cover plate , but the product when installed does n't cover outlet box leaving a ugly hole in wall showing .
 Normally I love Belkin products , but this one did n't measure up . After 2 weeks of usage it completely stopped working . I tried it in other outlets but no luck . It might have something to do with the `` switch '' thing that another review mentioned . I 'm not too knowledgeable about outlets , but my other power surge protectors all work great . I recommend trying a different product .
 And then crapped out . It popped with a computer monitor and a lamp plugged into it . Never worked again.Amazon says it 's out of their 30 day return window , Belkin says the same . Nice product , wish it worked
 Have not received product yet for over one month ... Where is it ? TERRIBLE ... I would like someone to contact me ... where is my product ?
 I am not giving this one star because the SurgeMaster did not work . I 'm rating it this way because you ca n't use it in every outlet . If has extra prongs , and if there is an on-off switch next to the outlet -LRB- like in some kitchens -RRB- you will not be able to use this surge protector . It would have been beneficial if this information had been provided in the section details about the item . Make sure you look at the picture of the back of this item -LRB- something I did n't do -RRB- . I paid $ 8 + change for the item . When I returned it , I received $ 3.00 back -LRB- the rest was taken by UPS shipping , which was REQUIRED . What a rip-off .
 I bought one of these to plug multiple appliances into a kitchen outlet . It worked fine until someone tried to use three things at the same time . To be fair , this product did its job and tripped . The problem is , there is no breaker to reset , or even an accessible fuse to replace . It only worked for a few weeks , and now it 's a solid-state piece of e-waste . If you buy this product , plan carefully and do n't plug too much into it !
 It did n't work for me . My external modem , my Linksys wireless router , and my desk top computer were fried . The modem and wireless router were connected to the same surge master . The desk top was connected to a different surge master . This took place during a thunder storm 2 weeks ago . In conclusion , if you want real protection do n't buy this product .
 Yikes ! I ca n't believe someone has n't mentioned this yet . When you remove the wall plate and replace it with this unit ... it mounts too low over the existing outlet and does n't cover the unfinished sheetrock on the top edge of the original outlet . You would think that this unit is so much larger than the existing 2-plug wall plate that it would n't be an issue . The problem is that this unit mounts so low over the original plate that it does n't cover the hole in the sheetrock .
 I used this power surge for two months and it broke . I only had three cords plugged in but it got overheated and does not work anymore . Belkins has a warranty but I have to spend about half the purchase price in shipping to send it back for a new one.It will be costly if it constantly breaks and have to pay for shipping each time . If my replacement breaks again , I will try a different manufacturer .
 It seems to work ok , but the peg in the back of the wall-mount is n't far enough down . It makes the bottom of the plug stick out so it is n't flush with the wall . I will have to see if my husband can remove that when he gets home . Otherwise , it works just fine .
 With this device you are required to remove wall plate and screw this on to the outlet . This would be fine however the device does not cover the outlet completely on the top edge . Would be fine if hidden but in my case the unfinished look was exposed .
 Length :
 On the back of the package , the UL Clamping Voltage is listed as 500V . The package says that for `` sensitive electronics , '' you should get a clamping voltage rating of 400V or lower . So , the package is telling you that this product is NOT a good choice for sensitive electronics .
 I own two of these units . The units work fine and they are high quality devices -LRB- software issues aside -RRB- . As with any UPS device , the wet-cell batteries wear out . That 's usually not a big deal - you can buy replacement batteries -LRB- this unit takes two -RRB- for about $ 16 . However , this unit is poorly designed and it is difficult to replace the batteries . It 's doable , but if you compare the ease of replacement to an equivalent APC unit or OptiUPS unit you wo n't buy one of these . I also own 2 OptiUPS units and an APC unit and they are very servicable . I would recommend going with either of those .
 THis adapter fits into my recorder but my earphone only fits halfway . If I hold it and wiggle it around then it 'll work . I order the right size per the the manufactor but it didnt work well . I threw it out . What a waste of money .
 Should come under `` What do you expect for $ 6 ? , right ? In short , cube allowed surge to destroy 18VAC power supply transformer and Mighty Mule Gate Opener control pcb . Cube LED 's still glowing indicating a proper ground and protection activated . Belkin warrants the product and damaged equipment but only if reported to them within 15 days . Unfortunately it took Gates That Open , LLC , longer than that to determine the problem and I 'm stuck with $ 300 bill if I decide to repair it . Makes me uneasy about my other Belkin surge protection products .
 Bought this received it fast . Plugged it in immediate electrical pop sounds . Had a protected light but no ground light . Checked my outlet and ground was fine . Bought a replacement and it all is ok . Was not worth return , Decent protector if you get a working unit . I agree with the reviewer who cited poor quality control .
 Recently our home was hit with a powerful electrical surge -- whether it was from lightning or from a transient power surge we ca n't say for certain -LRB- we suspect lightning -RRB- . Three out of four Belkin surge suppressors were ` fried ' and failed to protect the attached devices , including a new 32 '' Samsung LCD TV and a Canon fax machine . The surge cube suppressor I am reviewing here actually melted -LRB- the plastic bubbled from heat -RRB- . Other units evidenced actual brown -LRB- burnt -RRB- singe marks . Based on this experience we are switching back to TrippLite Isobar . As for Belkin 's $ 25,000 warranty , go on-line and check out what you must do and the costs you must expend to seek reimbursement for damage . Plan on spending lots of time and money at the Post Office or UPS.Whatever suppressor you choose , opt for the most Joules protection and fastest clamping speed you can afford . If your device is worth protecting , spending a bit more on the surge suppressor is cheap insurance .
 The problem with this little surge protector is that there is no reset switch . Once it dies , it is dead . Full stop . I plan on returning mine immediately .
 Buy the cheaper unit . half the price , more features , same or grater protection , same manufacturer
 I was charged $ 16.75 on this site per protector and the day I received it in the mail it was on this site for $ 9.84 . The ad at that time made you think you were getting two for 16.75 . Customer service refused to `` price match '' . Theft by deception . I will be returning my items .
 Ridiculously large , and designed so that it will block your second outlet no matter how you place it . Pretty useless if you want to use your other outlet .
 Just a little note for future buyers to let them know that the cord is not 8 feet long as mentioned in the product description . It extends only 4 feet . :-LRB- -LRB-
 I purchase the item described as `` Belkin USB Sync Charger for iPAQ Pocket PC -LRB- F8Q1000 '' . This lead me to believe that it meant what it said . However , this item is ONLY for certain iPAQ models . It did not fit the iPAQ 1935 that I purchased . I have n't even been able to find one of these type items to fit my model . Why would Amazon.com give such an incomplete description . The third party vendor offered to let me return this item , but I figured I would not get credit for the shipping , which cost more than the item . Plus me paying to ship it back . Amazon.com , you have done much better than this in the past .
 This cable does not have a hot sync button ! The handbook for the m100 assumes you have a hot sync button on your cable and provides no alternate instructions .
 The cable does not have any button to press to start hotsync . So here I am with cable connected between PC and Palm M100 . Is it supposed to start automatically . Am I supposed to get Serial-USB adapter so that the PC senses that the Palm is connected and starts the sync . Any help in this is appeciated .
 In a rush of enthusiasm I ordered this Sony lens adapter and the telephoto lens . Over time and use -LRB- less and less -RRB- , I have found it inconvenient to change from regular camera usage to the higher powered lens . Think about this one and be less enthusiastic to begin with ...
 Wo n't hold regular size lead length . Lead breaks . Stylus wobbles in barrel under routine use .
 I ordered two of these . I like the one in the picture because you do not have to worry about big plug ins taking up 1/2 of the strip . However , I did not receive the one that is described . I received two totally different protectors . But instead of taking the time to return it , I 'm keeping and using them . The one I receive works , but they are the normal kind that if you have a big plug its going to cover up other plugs that will not be able to use .
 I only had one thing plugged into it and it lasted two days and then he just blew out and stopped working so I wasted my money on the thing .
 I had this unit for about a year , and it died . I am very disappointed in the quality of this product and wo n't buy Belkin again . Belkin said I could return it , but I had to pay for shipping . It was cheaper to buy an APC that did far more than to deal with returning this product . I like APC .
 I had it for a month , never use it until five minutes ago . Opened the box , plugged in the wall outlet , plugged in the cell phone charger . Immediately , a loud `` POP '' and strong smell of something burning . The surge protector itself is FRIED !!! Good thing I have n't plugged in my cell phone to the charger . I unplugged it from the wall outlet , there goes straight into the trash can .
 Had to return this product when it would not mount on a wall socket to protect against wall current surges , which is what you would expect with the product name and appearance in the photo . Maybe it does what other reviewers claim , but it does not do the most obvious function you would expect .
 This is probably totally my fault , but I feel like this could have happened to anyone . I looked at the picture of this and thought it was something you could plug into the wall to get more outlets out of one outlet . That is not the case . I have no idea what it actually does -LRB- something to do with modems and/or phones because it has a bunch of phone jacks on it -RRB- since I do n't see how you can even supply it power . So , take heed and make sure you actually know what this is before you order it .
 WRONG ITEM RECEIVED , Ordered a Battery Charger , CONTINENTALSUPPLY Sent me a Battery!Please See Photo of the item received vs what they are Selling .
 When the original stylus that came with my Palm m515 started to slip out of its storage slot , I decided I needed a replacement . I ordered several different brands to find the stylus that suited me best . Of the four different m500 series replacement styli that I tried , I was least satisfied the Belkin brand . The stylus has a good weight , similar to the original . But the main problem with this stylus is in its size . The small plastic bumps on the end that allow the stylus to snap into place in the storage slot are too large . It feels as if you have to force it into place , so much so that I was actually worried it would cause damage . The stylus is also a bit too long , so that when you do get it into the storage slot , it sticks up farther than it should . Overall , I would not recommend this product for use with the Palm m500 series handhelds .
 Bought this pack of Belkin replacements , one of them was broken from a get go , as soon as I opened the package and it fell out on a carpet , the tip broke off . In other words , the other three lasted about a month , so look for some other maker or no name brand do not buy Belkin . Really poor quality , and bad product , cheap plastik head screws into a metal cylinder and creates a stress point at the place where it screwed in , constantly falling out .
 I did not realize Amazon was sending me a ` HP knockoff cartridge ` terrible quality ... . every page has a smear of yellow ... will never buy this again
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 the seller sent me wrong product and refused to send me to correct one ... did n't know why . I had to send it back for refund , they did n't refund the shipping charge that I had to spent to send it back even thought it was THEIR ERROR.Very very unhappy with the transaction.The seller was Northparts -LRB- on Amazon.com -RRB- . I am not going to do business with this seller again .
 Bought this battery at the beginning of the year . Battery will not hold it 's charge over night after 1 month . Waste of money .
 I dont blame the seller but this battery did not even register as present in the computer . I went with a slightly more expensive batt from another seller .
 The cable came in good shape , in a new box . However , I did n't read the fine print about the cable using a serial port instead of the -LRB- now standard -RRB- usb port . If you have an old computer -LRB- which is likely , using an old palm -RRB- , this is fine , since you should have a serial port on your computer . My laptop , however , does not , rendering this product worthless to me . I got it for pretty cheap , so I figured I did n't care enough to send it back -LRB- since it was my mistake , after all -RRB- . Just thought everyone should know this ...
 The only good thing about this camera was that I did n't waste much money on an unused gift !
 This is literally the worst camera I 've ever encountered . My friend bought a super-cheap keychain camera for her young daughter , and THAT took better pictures . The color is horrible -- no depth whatsoever . The flash is extremely eager -- I took pictures of a green blanket on a black background under a light -LRB- a situation that worked wonderfully with my FujiFilm -RRB- , and it looked as if the camera just cut out the object entirely and left a pure white shape where the blanket was . Pictures without the flash are completely dark . But the kicker is that when you push the button to take the picture , a screen comes up to say `` Photo taking . Hold camera still '' and then it 's a good 6-8 seconds before it actually TAKES the picture . And the buttons are plastic painted to look like metal.Frankly , I ca n't believe any company could produce something so bad .
 Very poor interface , very limited control over images . When you take a picture , you have to hold the camera still for over 2 seconds as the screen goes black and tells you to wait - but you do n't know when the photo gets taken or what exactly you 're photographing . Very hard to capture a moment , very likely to result in blurring and low quality.Worst of all is the flash . The camera overexposes terribly when flash is used . I do n't think the flash is too bright , but the camera seems to not adjust its exposure time to compensate for the presence of flash . I called tech support a couple times to address this issue . First they said they were too busy and would call me back within 24 hours . Almost 36 hours later , no one had called back . Then I tried again and finally reached someone . They told me that the camera just needed to be reset to the factory default . To do this , just take the batteries out and wait 30 minutes -LRB- i.e. , go away and try calling us again later -RRB- . He assured me that `` everything will be alright '' if I do that . I did n't believe it because we had that problem right out of the box with factory settings - and there are so few settings that it 's hard to imagine what could be incorrectly set . So I asked to speak to a supervisor . When I reached the supervisor , he asked what kind of memory card I had in the camera . When I said it was a 1 GB card , he said that was the problem . The camera can only take SD cards up to 512 MB . Again , I was incredulous . First , how could that cause the problem ? He said the bigger card put too much stress on the camera and made it unable to process the image properly . That sounds crazy . And second , I pointed out that their own printed materials state that it can take a 1 GB card , and pointed specifically to page 3 in the user manual , for example . Oh yes , they are aware of that typo and are working to fix it . Really ?? So he said that all I needed to was run off to the store and buy another card with 512 mB or less and all would be rosy . I also asked why the first tech support guy gave me a different story . `` Oh , he did n't know you had a 1 GB card . '' Right . Well , I borrowed a 256 MB SD card and found out , as I expected , that it made no difference . The camera grotesquely overexposes with flash regardless with 256 mB cards as well as 1 GB cards . And now that it has been over 30 minutes with the batteries out , I 've also tested the initial `` cure '' and found , naturally , that resetting the camera does n't solve its overexposure problem.Even without flash , image quality is poor . Stick with your cheap cell phone camera or buy a real camera . This one does n't even provide the basic functionality that you expect in a cheapy like this . And their tech support , if you can reach them , wo n't be of any help . Stay away.Cheap does n't have to mean ridiculously poor.On the plus side , it is small enough to fit into a pocket . For best results , keep it there .
 This camera takes very nice photos outside in natural light . The pictures are horrible inside with the flash . The flash is too bright . There is a long lag time after you press the shutter button , you have to wait about 2 to 5 seconds to take the picture . So basically you get what you paid for . It 's a good camera for my kids to fool around with .
 I got this camera as a Christmas gift and I was very grateful . I have a toddler and want to take tons of pictures of her constantly ! Well , I have about 2 `` clear '' pictures out of about 2 million I 've taken . This camera turns black and says to hold the camera still while it takes the picture ... for like 30 seconds ! My daughter always moves WAY before the picture is taken . Even when I do get some sort of picture of her when she is standing completely still -LRB- however , not in the pose I wanted by then , or even smiling , etc -RRB- it is extremely blurry!The flash is pointless and this camera does n't work in low light , so you have to be in complete sun light or an extremely bright room to get any kind of a picture at all . If you try to use the flash , in pitch black , low light or ANY light room , the picture is completely white . No images . No glimpse of what you wanted to take a picture of . Just completely white.Battery life is n't THAT bad , but there 's no point in using this camera at all . Unless maybe you give it to a child who 's just taking pictures of random things for fun but even then the camera is n't durable enough for rough play.My camera wo n't even work anymore now . I turn it on and the screen is all blurry static lines and it says `` sensor error . '' I am going to buy a better camera now . A `` REAL '' one , like samsung or canon or something . It may cost twice as much as this one , but I do n't care !!! The frustration with this camera , let alone the awful pictures , just is n't worth it !!!!
 This camera was the worst investment I ever made in my life , even at the $ 50 price I paid for it . You 're better off drawing a picture on a piece of paper every time you want to record a memory.I bought it as a last minute purchase for a trip to Hawaii with my girlfriend , because my old Sony camera was just too bulky to keep in my pocket while traveling . I made the huge mistake of leaving my Sony camera at home , because that was the point of buying this new camera . Thank God my girlfriend brought her Kodak EasyShare with her , or else we 'd have nothing but disposable camera prints of our memories.Pros
 We bought this camera for our daughter a year ago and have had nothing but misery since then . 99 % of the pics come out with poor resolution . My husband and I have both tried to make it work better figuring user error on the part of our 15 yr old ... . but alas no ... the camera is just worthless . The lighting is never right . It is too bright so the pic is faded out or too dark so you can hardly see what you took a picture of . I often end up getting out my cell phone camera and taking a better pic and sending to an online place for printing with better results . It takes forever to take the pic so you sit there trying to hold the camera still enough with the pic often being blurry . Do n't waste your money on this one , you 'll regret it !
 Digital Concepts 5.1 MP Digital Camera -LRB- Silver -RRB- I did not receive the cd so I can not download my pictures and we need to be in the light to get pictures worth sharing .
 It 's just an awful camera that is packaged to sell , but takes poor photos and is difficult to use . The LCD screen on the back is tiny and grainy . The pictures are dark and blurry . The lens on the front is not covered and so can be scratched . Spend a little more and get a camera that you will actually want to use .
 I recieved the camera and it did n't work , No power to the camera . So I had to ship it back and they say up to 2 weeks to get a new one which sucks because it was my sons christmas gift and now he 's not going to get his main gift . Cheep product and way to much hassel , Next time I will go to a local store for stuff like this .
 Was supposed to be in stock and I paid for expediated service . was not even shipped until a week later.It was to be delivered in two to three days.Poor service.Very unacceptable .
 Regular alkaline Duracells are the best . So I expected the same out of their rechargeables . But the Durcell 2050mAh 's had a noticeably shorter life span than the Sony 2100mAh rechargeables . After around 100 pictures , the Duracells were down to a quarter charge left -LRB- using a Sony W5 digital camera -RRB- . But the Sony still had 3 quarter . The Duracells will now be relegated to powering my cheapo Colgate spin toothbrush . I wo n't trust them to taking photos.Oh yes , I remembered another . I was overseas . Went with one pair of Duracells for 5 days or so . Had another pair of Duracells and a pair of Sonys that came with my camera in the bag as backup . When I needed the backup , the Duracells were pretty much drained after 5 days of non-usage , while the Sony 's were 3/4 charged.So , I have n't used these Sony 2500mAh I 'm purchasing , but would expect even better performance than the 2100mAh 's . Will update when I get them and use them.Update
 Subject says it all.Don ' t waste time buying them online . Get them from a local store you can return them to .
 I am very disappointed with the product . I charged the batteries over night but from the moment that I inserted them in my photo camera they had only enough energy to show that they are empty . I thought I made a mistake and I re-charged them again . No results . I had to use the rechargeable batteries that I already had . I know is not the fault of the re-charger , it is the right re-charger for NiMH batteries.This order was a 100 % waste of time and money . I think they sent me over-used or very old batteries . I feel sorry that I was too lazy to go to a store.The seller name was IHITEK .
 They are the same batteries that came with my camera , but they run down and wo n't hold a charge .
 I used these batteries for one year from the date of purchase and they were excellent . I used them for Sony digital camera and could shoot more than 150 pictures before I had to recharge them . I do use my camera frequently and would have charged these batteries almost 30 times in the first year . After using it for an year , they became useless . They ceased to hold charge and used to last only for 40 to 50 photos per charge . Hence I discarded them and bought Duracell batteries which are still lasting after 2 years of purchase .
 I was disappointed that what I received was NOT the Sony Stamina battery asrepresented in the picture on the Amazon website . I received a different Sonybattery and I questioned Amazon about this . The supplier said they 'd acceptthe batteries back , but did not offer to reimburse my S&H ; costs to do this.I was leaving on vacation -LRB- with no time to search order and receive -LRB- again -RRB- , Idecided to give the batteries a chance . They were terrible . I constantly had tostop and recharge them , they lasted like disposable batteries -LRB- unlike the SonyCybershot Stamina battery . -RRB- I missed alot of shots in Glacier & Yellowstone Park that I wanted.I was very frustrated.BE very careful , what is pictured may not be what you receive .
 Having relatively little experience with rechargeable batteries , I found these to be to short lived lasting less than 6 hours in my Cyber shot . They also do NOT hold a charge for more than a week when stored .
 the UV was okthe CP just left horrible scratches on my final printsstay away , definitely , guys ! Buy some Tiffen or Hoya instead , and you wont regret
 I bought this to use as a regular serial card without the power pass through . I followed the instructions and could not get it to work . After 2 different revs of the card and two calls to tech support , they still could not get it to work . The drivers are also a mess . I tried all their versions plus the chipmaker 's own drivers and even Windows own update service . None of them worked . From talking to tech support , I got the sense , this card has many issues .
 This has got to be the most horrid piece of hardware to ever enter my life.Like an idiot , I ordered six of these as I was building up a new server room . Every single day I spend in the office I regret this decision.Why this is a piece of junk : a / The on-screen-display -LRB- OSD -RRB- feels like it was written for a high school computer science project , by a football player . You can not see the OSD unless the current port selected is getting an active video signal from the currently chosen host . In other words , if you shutdown the current server and the video card stops sending a signal , you are locked out of the OSD ! If you are moving down the list of ports on the OSD and hit a port that has no active machine connected to it , you lose the OSD ! To clear this you must hit the refresh button on the KVM itself a few times.b / The labels you assign to each KVM port from the OSD can very easily disappear att at once , reverting back to `` Channel 1 '' `` Channel 2 '' etc.There is a very easy to typo keyboard shortcut for `` clear all the machine names from the OSD all at once without telling me it has happened '' . This command btw is NOT listed on the OSD menu itself , so it is even more infuriating when it happens , since you are not really sure what you did you did to wipe all your configs out.c / The mouse emulation is even worse than the OSD -LRB- somehow -RRB- . If you intend on using this KVM on your Linux cluster , forget about it . More often than not , the following will occur
 i bought this from belkin for over $ 500 several years ago ... it had a problem of loosing the onscreen menu and i sent it back for a replacement ... the replacement did the same thing ... i called the belkin tech support and they did n't demonstrate a very practical knowledge about the switch , so i knew i was on my own ... the 16 port swich that i use will not accept a laser mouse , so i am stuck using a rollerball mouse ... i have tried many brands of laser mice but none will work thru the switch . the onscreen menu is useless and crude . lately , i have had unexplaned lockups of the switch selections and i have no way to troublesoot this ... belkin is a better company than this switch represents ... shame on belkin for not giving this product the support it requires ... it is not worth the money .
 I bought a set of three compatibles # 82 HP Magenta inks for my HP DesignJet 800PS along with a set of three for the additional three colours . All inks were fine except for the Magenta . These inks are designed for single usage only and as a way to ensure single usage the chip at the base of the ink cartridge is programed not to allow a switching of the packaged ink inside the cartridge - which means that once the printer/plotter reads the ink as exceptionally low , empty , or faulty you ca n't swap cartridges with another ink or have refills.I have cycled through five -LRB- 5 -RRB- # 82 Magenta inks that originally are recognized by the plotter , -LRB- two of which were genuine HP inks -RRB- but once it 's turned off , reads the ink as faulty , and as a result displays an `` X '' to indicate such . I have swapped with another plotter the ISS -LRB- Ink Supply Station -RRB- , IST -LRB- Ink Supply Tubes -RRB- , Formatter , reset the EEROM all in an effort to ensure that the fault is nothing to do with the plotter and sure enough all utilities tests stated that those items were `` OK '' . After going to various websites and speaking with technicians as well as going through my service manual , I confirmed my initial suspicion that the ink cartridges are faulty . Even HP 's own website acknowledges that the flashing `` X '' indicates that an ink cartridge is missing or the printer has determined the there is a problem with the cartridge , -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Interestingly , there does n't seem to be much said about this particular issue.The inks referred to all have an expiration date of 2013/04/16 and another code that I 'm not too sure what it refers to that reads Y 3 DOA 16 . As an alternative I inserted another # 82 HP Magenta ink with an expiration date of 2003/07/23 with another code below it that reads S 2 B 1120 and it worked perfectly until it ran low , at which point an '' ! '' mark was displayed.The suppliers have all agreed to replace the inks but I 'm not certain that will solve the issue as one supplier has already done a replacement ending in the same results . It appears that this new batch of ink cartridges needs to be recalled and new chips installed . My only recommendation at this point is to try getting an older # 82 Magenta ink if you can . Of course , the down side to that is that these inks have expiration dates so even if they 're still halfway full the possibility exists that you might run into some issues once the expiration date approaches or is passed .
 I bought the Belkin F1DS104U because I have a desktop and a laptop I wanted to control with a single console setup -LRB- keyboard , trackball , and monitor -RRB- . I use a USB keyboard and trackball so I thought this product would be perfect for me , and it gave me the expandability to add another system -LRB- laptop -RRB- from work.This product is billed as a KVM for the SOHO , and most home users these days have multimedia keyboards . However , this product DOES NOT support the multimedia functions of keyboards WHEN attached to the KVM per Belkin 's manual . The KVM has USB ports specifically set aside and labeled for the keyboard and the mouse -LRB- or trackball -RRB- . Because the firmware for the product allows hotkey switching between system , Belkin set up the product so that the hotkeys were only recognized through the `` keyboard '' labeled port . However , with the keyboard connected to this `` keyboard '' port , none of the multimedia keys work -LRB- yes , even with proper drivers installed -RRB- . Two unique keyboards were tried without success.The KVM does have two additional USB ports for peripherals . On a whim , I attempted to connect the multimedia keyboard to one of these ports and -LRB- tada -RRB- full multimedia functionality -LRB- at the loss of one of the available peripheral USB ports and hotkey switching -RRB- . This issue is undocumented in the Belkin manual and Belkin site to this day.A separate and just as aggravating issue is the inability of the KVM to deal with NOT having a mouse -LRB- or trackball -RRB- connected to it . I connect my trackball through my keyboard -LRB- it has a two port USB hub -RRB- to reduce cable clutter . If the KVM does not have a mouse connected to it , it emits a piercing `` beep '' at regular intervals . My quick fix ? I connect an extra mouse I had in my spare parts bin to the KVM and dropped it behind my desk out of sight . The surrogate mouse sits idle and appears to alleviate the issue , but it does show up on both of my systems ' hardware config . Luckily , I have not run into any conflicts with two mouse input devices.A 45 minute call to Belkin 's customer service back in June '02 yielded no solutions to my problems -LRB- I discovered the workarounds on my own through a couples hours of trial and error -RRB- . The tech took my contact information and promised to call me back in the next couple of days ... I 'm still waiting for that call -LRB- it 's December -RRB- . I thought the product idea was a great concept ... Belkin just dropped the ball miserably in the execution and support .
 While this KVM works great with USB mice , it has terrible support for USB keyboards.I have one of these at work and I 've had nothing but problems . It will randomly type 77777777777 or something when I hit the shift key . The shift key randomly gets stuck for no aparent reason when I 'm selecting text . Everytime I press CTRL-ALT-DEL to log onto a computer after switching to it , I am unable to type anything for over a minute unless I press a bunch of the shift keys to ` unstick ' them . The problem is , the USB KVM switch is RE-INTERPRETTING the USB keyboard signal so that it can trap the Scoll-Lock key -LRB- used for switching -RRB- . This is totally unacceptable because it also breaks the functionality if you have an enhanced keyboard like the kind from logitech which has many additional keys -LRB- volume , scroll wheel , etc -RRB- . This device would have been MUCH better if it simply acted like a disconnect/reconnect of the USB cable -LRB- which is perfectly fine -RRB- for the keyboard.I 'll wait awhile until USB-DVI-KVM switches mature before purchasing one for home use .
 I 'm extremely unhappy with the Belkin OmniView SOHO Series 4-Port KVM DVI Switch with Audio . I 'm sure most of this applies for the VGA version1 -RRB- It is nearly impossible to connect a cable to the console DVI Connector . Belkin had to overnight a special extender to connect the monitor DVI cable to the KVM .2 -RRB- Connecting the Power Adapter to the KVM blocks one of the peripheral USB ports .3 -RRB- It 's absolutely impossible to put on the cover -LRB- i.e. cable management cover -RRB- if you connect the four -LRB- Belkin -RRB- cables to it .4 -RRB- Connecting only two PCs with a resolution of 1600x1200 to the KVM resulted in green shadows for one connection . -LRB- both NVidia cards GeForce 4 -LRB- 4200 series -RRB- and a Geforce 5 -LRB- 5200 series -RRB- 5 -RRB- The Microsoft Wireless Keyboard does n't work as stated in the manual . I did manage to plug in the wireless dongle connector to the USB mouse port on the KVM but now I ca n't use the hotkeys to switch between computers . Belkin has also indicated that wireless keyboards do n't always work as stated in the manual6 -RRB- There is n't a FAQ or software/firmware upgrade listed for this device . I would recommend checking out the belkin support pages or lack there of .
 This produce is in desperate need of firmware updates.First off , when you go to update you have to first run an early update that allows your computer to run the updates . Which isnt documented well.Second , and BIGGEST !! I am running a microsoft wireless keyboard / mouse combo . Which only has 1 USB ! Which you have to plug into the mouse port to make it work . If you plug it into the keyboard port then your mouse wont work . Now the problem is , if oyur keyboard ISNT in the keyboard port then you cant do the hot switching.So ... basically for what i want it is annoying . I can have my wireless keyboard mouse ... but now i have to go to the kvm -LRB- which doesnt sit close to me -RRB- to switch computers.Grrr ... . i think what annoys me the most is you 'd THINK this would be an easy firmware upgarade
 This switch is everything the bad reviews say and then some . I wish I would have read them and would not have purchased this item . Firmware update does not work and the beep every time you switch from one PC to another is enough to drive you crazy . Spend a little more and get a good one.I 'm looking for a 4 port USB KVM to replace this one , I will trade ?
 I just got my KVM which I 'm using to replace an earlier KVM . So far the new KVM is working mostly OK . However the manual says that it supports hotkeys that can be used to switch between computers . Unfortunately the manual does n't say another word about this feature -LRB- e.g. , what are the hotkeys and how to use them -RRB- . I 've tried emailing and calling Belkin technical support and they have a bunch of idiots who barely speak English handling this important part of their business . Nobody there seems to be able to string more than a few words together to explain how to use their own product.Belkin should be ashamed of themselves !
 Although I have read the reviews written here a priori , I bought the item as I was in desperate need of a 4-port USB KVM in my house , and Omniview looked cute and compact for that purpose . But then I started experiencing most of the problems stated in the reviews . Duh ! - I feel extremely anxious when switching from one computer to another , since most of the time the mouse simply does not function in target computer ! This is extremely discomforting and I have to reboot that machine to get it working -LRB- I tried switching back and forth at no avail -RRB- . - Time to time , while using the keyboard , the last key sticks as if you keep pushing it . One time I was cleaning up my inbox , deleting the unwanted emails . And then all of a sudden the ` DEL ' key got stuck and it flushed the whole inbox ! Gee , I had to scour through my Deleted Items folder to recover them back ... - No cables included ! I had to buy all the cables myself . What a waste of money ... I am giving the two stars for the pleasing looks and design . Functionality-wise it is worse than unsatisfactory . I do n't recommend you buying this product now that there are better alternatives I believe . I had a very satisfying experience with Iogear 2 Port Compact USB KVM Switch -LRB- GCS632U -RRB- earlier .
 We have 4 of them . 3 of them have keyboard connection burned out . All of which we had various problems . Problem range from number key stucking to particular key -LRB- F7 -RRB- not working . firmware upgrade is n't easy since they provide 40pin serial connector . -LRB- who has a PC with 40pin connector these days ? -RRB- Oh , and firmware upgrade made the thing worse .
 This switch does not properly scan ports , your lucky if you get half the pc 's working the other half need to be rebooted to be detected each time you switch to them ... same with PS2 version - Junk
 I 'm evaluating the DVI version . The cables are sold seperately , so what 's the point to buy a KVM without cables ?!? This is just way to costly compared to other KVMs out there . I 'm in agreement with another reviewer , let 's wait until there 's more mature DVI versions out there.Lastly , hearing the problems does n't surprise me , as working with the two port version , I had some problems where computers becames unresponsive .
 Amazon.com should be more careful when creating their listings for products that are expedited to another company . I purchased two products said to be compatable with the iPAQ H3700 series.This was the heading for this product : Belkin Snapntype Mini Keyboard iPAQ H3700 and H3800 Series Pocket PCIt is not for the H3700 , in fact the company it was shipped from says they do n't even carry one that can be used with the older model.My advice is to check direct with the manufacturer and skip Amazon as a purchasing agent until they can get their story correct .
 If there was a `` zero star '' rating , I 'd give that . Does n't even deserve the single star.We argued with this device for two days , and were never able to get it to work.First , it does not come with any of the cables necessary to work it . Once you include the cost of the cables , you 're looking at $ 150.00 total.Second , it simply does n't work . It did not recognize the USB keyboard that we plugged into it , yet if you if unplugged it , it started with the constant beeping . There was supposed to be a firmware flash that would fix the problem , but the flash does not work . Finally , we found a workaround , by plugging the keyboad into one of the auxiliary USB ports , and plugging a USB camera into the keyboard port ... that worked . For about 8 hours . Then , at 4 o'clock in the morning , when the whole house is asleep -LRB- and all of the computers are powered down , mind you !! -RRB- it starts up wiht the incessant beeping again , for no reason that anyone could find.About 5 hours later , -LRB- we were awake by now , at least -RRB- while trying to figure out a network issue , it suddenly stopped working . No beeping , no nothing ... just the keyboard and mouse became completely unavailable to either PC.While trying to fix that , it started with the beeping again . My husband REMOVED THE POWER CABLE ... and it still kept beeping.I have to say , this has been the most disastrous piece of equipment we have every purchases for any of our PCs . And we 're not alone . Do an internet search on this device , and you 'll see that the vast majority of people who have attempted to use this device have discovered it 's been a massive waste of money .
 I 've never been so disappointed by a product . This unit has more bugs than the amazon -LRB- the rainforest , not this site -RRB- . After 5 seconds it resets the signal from the keyboard input . So , say you 're playing a game or scanning through a video , every 5 seconds you have to re-press the key . It also gets confused when switching back and forth between Mac and PC , making the all-important function key , alt key and control key unresponive or completely dead on the Mac . Supposedly you can update the bios to fix this -LRB- using a proprietary cable that you have to plug into the antiquated parallel port -RRB- , but when i attempted it , it killed the switch completely . Belkin tech support 's answer to the death of my $ 90 investment was `` replace the unit '' . I know there are n't a whole lot of other options , but ANYTHING is better than this .
 Four points : First , the setup for this product is a nightmare . I can only guess as to what the magical sequence of events was that actually caused the thing to eventually be seen by both computers . It was a long frustrating process.Second , it has no support for repeating keys , meaning you can only hold down a key for about 5 seconds before it stops sending the signal . This may not seem like a big deal , but there are many applications which require you to hold down shift or control . Try ctrl + clicking a number of files for example , or holding down backspace while you erase a bunch of characters in your word processor . Forget using Photoshop & reg ; or other graphics applications -LRB- trying to add to an existing selection by holding shift , for example , is very frustrating . -RRB- Gamers will also find this a huge inconvenience.Third , whenever we experience a power bump , or sometimes for no reason at all , the thing will start beeping incessantly . The only way to get it to stop is to pull its power , which is no small task for me considering there 's a million wires behind my desk where this thing sits.Fourth , tech support is a joke . I called about my second point , and although I find evidence on the web of people having this problem all over the place , they seem to have no idea about it . The tech support rep thought for a few minutes , then put me on hold for several minutes , then came back and said he did n't know , he 'll email me some information if he ever finds anything out about it . By the way , there is a firware upgrade , but it does n't address the repeating keys issue , and it turns your left ctrl key into a hotkey for the switch ... why , I have no idea . The left ctrl key is one of the most commonly used keys.Sorry I do n't have a good alternative to offer -LRB- someone previously mentioned IOGear , but I ca n't speak to that -RRB- , but I would strongly discourage this product .
 Do not waste your time with this product . This product do not do justice to Belkin 's reputation for good products . The build quality is great ... but that 's about it . Keys stick , Mac keyboard support is very limited even after updates to the firmware . Even with the most expensive cables from Belkin itself I experienced video gosting . The solution given to me by support folks was to lower the refresh rate and the resolution I 'm using on my monitor ! . . on a 21 inch monitor do you really want 800 x 600 ? Try the IO Gear solution instead , that 's what I 'm using now and have been using for about a year now . The only one thing that the Belkin KVM did that the IO gear does not do is automatically switch not just the keyboard and mouse but the other USB ports . You have to switch those via the key strokes and the on-screen menu . But the ghosting is not so prominent and at least things are not buggy.Hope this helps .
 Just bought one of these so I could use 2 Macs at my desk and control them from one keyboard/mouse . One of the reasons I bought this prudoct is because the box said it 's Mac compatible , it 's not a complete lie , but your in for some work if you 're trying to use it with 2 Macs . I bought this on a friday and came in on the weekend to install it , all that fun work of crawling around under the desk connecting a bunch of cables etc.It 's now Tues. -LRB- I was n't in the office on Mon. -RRB- and everything was acting weird . As I was typing I would suddenly be stuck in Caps Lock mode when I had n't hit the Caps Lock Key . Numbers would appear as I typed and reapeat across the screen and I had n't typed any numbers either . And volume and eject keys did not work at all . After some experimentation I found that the right shift key was acting like a Caps Lock Key and the arrow keys were producing numbers when I used them , sometimes repeating numbers until I diconnected the keyboard -LRB- disconnecting the keyboard produces a nasty beeping noise from the KVM box that my boss can hear across the office with his door shut . -RRB- Off to the website , the FAQ has one question , it 's not mine . In all fairness the firmware update I need is on the website but it 's only AFTER I call tech support and ask to talk to a supervisor that I realize it 's what I need . The description of the software update is so poorly worded that it is impossible to determine that it is the solution to my problem . When I do call Tech support -LRB- one hour wait , not an 800 # , longdistance call -RRB- I am told that this does n't support the Mac special function keys -LRB- volume , eject . -RRB- I bought my Mac in 2001 and I remember seeing these keys on macs sometime in 2000 . As near as I can tell this product was released in 2002 . When I talked to a supervisor at Belkin they were trying to claim it was after mac changed there keyboard layouts that they started getting these complaints . It 's been 3 years with this keyboard , thats a really lame excuse when your box says you 're mac compatable and the copyright dates on the box and literature say 2002 . In order for this product to work with a mac keyboard I have to connect the keyboard to one of the other USB ports . But as I mentioned earlier , not having a keyboard connected to the keyboard port of the KVM produces an earsplitting beeping noise . To get rid of this noise you can either connect another keyboard to the keyboard port completly negating the reason for buying this in the first place . Or I can upgrade the firmware so the stupid thing does n't beep when there is nothing connected to the keybord port . You can ONLY preform the firmware update that will make it work correctly on a mac by disconnecting the KVM and connecting it to a PC . Let me repeat that , you need to have a PC to preform an upgrade so it will KINDA work on a Mac .
 I love this but am having tough time find a part/wire that I need to connect this to car audio system . Called Panasonic and they were no help .
 The only reason why I am reviewing is because I might get a response from the seller . UPS made a mistake and sent back my item without letting me know , even though I specifically told them to hold it at the UPS store . I tried contacting the seller three times already , I tried calling them , and no reponse . I would like to get the item , since I 've already paid for it . I only gave it two stars for the bad costumer service .
 Just got this camera last night , and I 'm already wanting to return it . I 've used a variety of digital cameras over the years , of varying quality and price , and this has to be the worst one I 've ever used . If you have perfect light , your subject is completely stationary , and you have an extremely steady hand , you can take a decent picture with it . Barring that , you 're not going to be satisfied with the pictures you take with this camera . The lag time between hitting the button and the photo actually being taken is almost a full second . On top of that , it does n't take quick pictures even after the delay . Taking a picture of my cat walking very slowly -LRB- he 's a fat cat , not exactly spry in his old age -RRB- resulted in a greyish blur in the middle of the screen . Similar experiments taking pictures of my wife turned out horribly as well . Now , for a cheap camera , I could almost live with this if not for the worst `` feature '' of all ... it will not retain any of the settings after powering off . So every time you start it up , every single button press produces a high pitched squeal . It can be shut off but that 's a lot of button presses to get through the menu , and by that time you 've scared off any wildlife you were trying to take a picture of . My cats run terrified when I 'm trying to get this thing setup properly because it must hurt their ears more than mine.Bottom line
 I purchased this camera thinking it might be a good deal . I understand you get what you pay for , but this is way beyond reason . I was able to take three pictures before my twelve dollar pack oF triple AAA 's -LRB- four pack -RRB- was done for . Not only that , but the pictures that I got were horrible . If I wanted a 7.1 megapixel picture of my dog as a black cloud I would have bought a disposable digital camera . Although , I bet those might be made of better quality.DON ' T BUY THIS 7.1 MEGAPEICE OF @ # $ # CAMERA .
 Quite possibly the worst digital camera I have ever come across . My son received this camera for christmas and we were not able to take a decent photo in any light . I have used digital cameras since 1999 and have never seen such poor quality .
 This is a terrible camera . As mentioned below , there 's a long lag between pressing the button and actually getting the photo . In addition , if anyone is wearing white , they get blown out while everyone else is dark . I would take it back , but I bought it while traveling and tossed the packaging . I wo n't make that mistake again - or buy another product from this company .
 My daughter received this camera for Christmas and it was a total let down . The quality of the pictures were very poor . Lighting in the room or outside has to be perfect and the person or object that you are photographing has to be perfectly still , otherwise the photos are blurry and distorted . I would not recommend this camera at all !
 I was not pleased with this item despite the fact that it was made well . The case was made of hard , not flexible , leather and did n't conform to the shape of the camera very well . It was definitely not what I was expecting .
 This case does not contain the External Accessory Case as specified . In addition , the case is too small for the camera . Every time the camera is inserted , the selection wheel on top of the camera is turned . I DO NOT RECOMEND IT !
 This product does not fit the Sony Cybershot DSC-W100 even though the product description states : From the ManufacturerTake your Cyber-shot W series digital camera to the depths of the ocean with the MPK-WA marine pack from Sony . Designed to be water resistant to a maximum depth of 132 feet , it helps keep your digital camera safe from damage in a variety of elements.The MPK-WA features bright yellow highlights that make it easily visible in murky water . The included hand strap keeps your camera close at hand , even while swimming .
 This seems like a good product in theory but you are much better off just buying a mono auxillary cord . Something with this product causes distortion while playing . i returned it after only two days .
 The product was not very specific as what I-Pod could be use . We have the I-Touch Pod which does not fit this model .
 Do n't buy this camera -LRB- Panasonic LZ2 -RRB- if you ever intend to take pictures outdoors . The LCD screen is completely wiped out by outdoor sun on an average day . I rated this camera 2 stars only to acknowledge that there may be folks who might use the camera 100 percent indoors .
 After reading the reviews and doing a lot of research on cameras I decided to order this little guy in June . I spent about an hour reading over the manual and making sure I knew how to use all the bells and whistles . The camera has a lot of very nice little features and takes beautiful pictures , and the LCD and options are awesome . BUT !! the camera has one critical flaw ... . it is super delicate . I have owned several Sony digital cameras and they all have shared their fair share of bumps and bruises , and came out continueing to shoot away . This little piece sustained a very small impact and the lens would no longer extend and retract . I litteraly had this camera for 90 minutes before it was rendered inoperable . I was fuming.The bottom line of this camera is that it has a lot of neat gagets , but you have to treat it like your wife 's China or it becomes an expensive paper weight .
 I got this camera as a Christmas gift , and it worked okay for about 5 months . Now it wo n't turn on or anything ! I have replaced the batteries , tried to get help from Panasonic , it is still under warranty , but just for them to look at it will cost another $ 100 ... The store we got it from does n't even sell it anymore , so maybe whatever my camera has wrong with it is common?I will never buy Panasonic anything again !
 Hi all , I just wanted to warn anyone wanting to purchase this camera that if you have any kind of an active lifestyle , this camera is not for you . I bought this and was extremely happy with it until I took it on a trip , and still taking very good care of it somehow got a tiny bit of sand in it ... no I did not put it in the sand , I am talking about sand comming off my body and going into the lense area ... anyway it is completely broken now and to fix it will almost cost the price of a new one ! I have now heard others stories about the durability of this camera that is not involving sand ... sure it has a great price for so many good features , but it will die fast if you do very much with it . stear away , pay more for a more durable camera with the features you want
 This camera has no optical finder . Its display screen is unreadable in bright sunlight , thus can leave you with no finder at all.In effect , a hundred or so years of photogrpahic technology have left us with a camera that , when it comes to framing a shot , is no better than the view cameras of old , which had to be placed on a tripod with their ground glasses viewed under a black cloth.I returned mine .
 Bought the camera beginning of December . Used it 5 days and almost all the indentifying print marks on the camera -LRB- camera name , button icons -LRB- the ones that identify which button do what -RRB- all rubbed off !! I now have a camera with almost no printing on it at all . I have never seen that before . The camera did n't get wet , it was kept in a soft camera bag . Also , everyone 's commments that you ca n't see anything on the LCD in bright sun or in dark rooms is true . I missed some terrific shots of whales in the Pacific because of not being able to see anything on the screen and also could n't see anything on the LCD in a restaurant/club . When it works , it 's great -- image stabilization is worth the price -- but I was disappointed not being able to see more on the LCD , and I could n't believe the ink wore off the camera . I returned it -- this is poor quality manufacturing .
 After doing a bunch of research , I bought two of these for my teenage kids since they were said not to have the defective Sony CCD that late model 2005 point-and-shoots all seem to have had . The first zamera lasted six months before the lcd display began to worsening exhibit dark striations . After a few days of that , the camera dies completely . The second camera made it another two months before falling prey to the same disease . One camera ... a fluke maybe . But two ? That suggests a real problem so beware .
 Got this camera for my wife - a digital novice - during Christmas 2005 . Camera is easy to use and takes good pictures . Easily interfaces with PC through USB . However , I also -LRB- as did another reviewer -RRB- started having problems after about 11 months . Camera would not take pictures as the CCD went bad . Luckily I had an extended service contract and it was repaired . Unfortunately , it just quit working again -LRB- April 2007 -RRB- and the service contract company says they '' ... wo n't bother fixing it again ... '' and is refunding my purchase price . Gracious but a hassle doing without a camera for a second time . Good camera but if you buy one make sure you get the service contract .
 I purchased this camera for my own birthday present last October . I have owned it for 1 year and 2 months and now it is n't working . I paid $ 400.00 for it last year when it was `` new . '' The LCD will only turn on every 15 - 20 times after I take the batteries out and turn the camera on and off . I purchased new rechargeable batteries , but that was n't the answer . I contacted Panasonic but it is out of the warrantee period . They will charge a flat $ 140.00 to fix it and I can get a new one for about $ 150.00 . I loved this camera , but it is such a disappointment . I was very easy with it - it just stopped working ! Buy a different camera - I wish I had !
 Great camera for the price . But I guess you get what you pay for , bad warranty ...
 DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ! Mine broke on my trip to Europe in the middle of taking a picture . And no I did n't drop it . I had only used it twice before and Panasonic customer service was not at all helpful . I am going with the more trusted brand of Sony from now on . After my dealing with Panasonic , I will not buy another camera or other from them .
 ... but it stopped working after a year . The only thing the lens sees now is black , although the camera still turns on and I can look at pictures I took before the problem started . Nonetheless , I loved this camera , and I think it was worth it , even though it only worked a year . Now I 've learned my lesson and will buy a longer warranty or exchange for m new camera .
 Purchased this camera for the 6x zoom . Worked well for about a year . It is pretty much impossible to see anything in the LCD outdoors in any kind of daylight . You often have to just point and guess . When it took pictures the quality was very good . After about a year the LCD screen when black . All the menu items would show , even the flash would go , but the pictures were just black . Replacing batteries would sometimes work for a day . Enjoyed the 6x zoom and the picture quality , but really ca n't recommend that camera . Look for something more reliable .
 These speakers have great sound when pluged into you pc with the usb . However the usb is so short -LRB- only about 10 inches long -RRB- that you ca n't place them on your desk if your pc is on the floor like most are . Also I thought the description stated there was an AC adaptor included , NOT ! They work well with batteries , but the sound quality diminishes greatly and top volumn decreases . If your headphone jack is in the bottom of your unit , you ca n't set it in the tray provided . Ok , for the money , but not really functional .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 DO NOT BUY !!! I bought this at Wal-mart for the -LRB- seemingly -RRB- low price of $ 39.99 . A camera that you ca n't function is n't a deal at any price . It would n't do the appropriate action even when I followed the manual verbatim . When I tried the website that 's recommended in the manual , I was sent instead to a home page that did n't have any support for the model number -LRB- 57490 -RRB- . They had lots of other models , but not this one . Apparently people have had trouble downloading pictures more than once , but I did n't even get that far . Luckily I was able to return it , but online purchases are n't as easy to remedy .
 DO NOT BUY !!! Against my recommendation , my six-year old daughter bought this camera from Wal-Mart with her allowance . The LCD screen is so horrible that you can barely tell what you just took a picture of . There is no optical or digital zoom , so you have to move to get the picture , and I swear there is no focus or image stabilization on this camera , because when we downloaded them to the computer , all 50 or so pictures she took were blurry . This is worse than my cell phone camera -- probably the worst camera you can buy .
 Do not buy this camera ! It is a piece of complete and utterly worthless JUNK . I bought it for my 7-year old for Christmas . The quality of the pictures it takes -LRB- that is , when it is actually working correctly , which was RARE ! -RRB- is simply awful ! The pictures are so horribly grainy that you can not even discern who is in the image . It seemed like a great deal and a good price for an inexpensive camera for a kid - but when you see how awful the pictures are , you will realize you 've been totally ripped off if you have purchased this!It 's really such a terrible product , I do n't even know how they get by selling it at all . I wanted to give it NO STARS but the system does not allow that , I guess . The 1 star I am giving it is far too generous !
 This product was not what I anticipated it to be . I knew getting in to it that the screen would be small , but the picture quality is poor and it only allows you to take 2 pictures before your memory is full . There might be a way to change the resolution to allow for more picutres , but the menu is very confusing and I can not figure it out . I consider myself to be somewhat tech-savvy . I can usually figure out most cameras and phones , but this one just does not make sense . The other thing that really upset me was that you can not delete just one photo . I can delete ALL of the photos , but not one specific one . I purchased this camera for my neice and nephew as a digital camera that they can use and not worry too much about breaking , but they do n't even enjoy it because they can only take two pictures and then have to upload them or delete them to take any extra . It says you can buy a memory card , but the selling point for the camera was the price , and that would just be one more thing to purchase . For me , it is not worth the money AT ALL !
 This is the third of these `` Sakar '' cameras gifted to my kids . They are all junk ! Pictures are extra poor , usability is not good , and battery life is bad . It should n't be called a camera and can barely be classified as a `` toy '' . This company should be ashamed of such poor product development.Do not waste your money .
 This camera is a complete waste of money . It is garbage . It should be considered a mere toy . The picture quality is unbelievably bad - dark , grainy pictures . I am hugely disappointed in it !
 For the cheapest digital camera I could find on Amazon , that 's exactly what I got . Great for a little kid , terrible if you have some practical use for it . My phone takes better pictures . However , if you need a cheap digital camera in a hurry , this on will work .
 I could not agree more with the other reviewers . I purchased this a short time ago -LRB- not from Amazon , otherwise I could have used these helpful reviews -RRB- and I 'm so sorry I did . The pictures are fuzzy , the manual is worthless , with precious little information . Forget about the video function - that 's even fuzzier and grainier than the `` photos '' you 'll take with this deplorable waste of plastic . This is a pathetic camera at any price . Digital Concepts should be ashamed to have a product like this on the market .
 Its basically a mini camera you can get for less at walmart , not to mention how blurry and distorted the photo 's turn out.DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA !
 When you view the technical details for this product , it indicates that a Battery Box is included with the Mic , even shows the weight of the battery box that 's supposed to come in the mic.This information is INCORRECT . The battery box only comes with the more expensive models , NOT this one.Please make sure NOT to buy this product unless you have a source that can power this mic , because without the battery box or a source that can power it , the mic is useless .
 I purchased this Sony SRF-S84 radio for one purpose only and that is to get one AM talk show . Even though AM is mono , I liked the fact I could get sound in both ear buds and the size was perfect . I read in one review that it was difficult at first to dial in a radio station . I figured I could get use to it as the one man did . Not yet . The radio works ok outside as long as you do n't turn your head . The signal drops out . One of the stations this talk show is broadcast on is located in the city I live and still the reception drops out every time I turn or turn my head . I have tried to find the one sweet spot to keep the station in tune , but I have not found it yet or it does not exist . Once I enter a building , the reception is almost nothing and a lot of static back round noise . Sorry I spent the money on this radio . The 12 dollar Sony ICF-S10MK2 I purchased at the same time works much better , but the size makes it a little more difficult to carry while I work . Ca n't really say anything about the battery life because I have not been able to use it that much . But so far , still using the first battery .
 My radio failed after a few months.This unit has no warranty from Sony.Even if you can convince the support people to have it checked out , it will not help.If you send it to the repair center , they will send it back saying they have no parts and no replacement .
 This little radio had great sound . However , it did not `` hold '' stations . On my morning walk I turned a corner and so did the radio ... it lost my station and went to another . I returned it .
 never abused it , only gently used it , loved it , then after 4 weeks it died , finito!please spare me the time and aggravation of returning your defective merchandise!very disappointed .
 item did not pick up good reception in my area of work it needs some sort of signal booster will not recommend
 I looked forward to getting this compact radio . I enjoy listening to radio while I work construction . I 've found that something close to my ears is the best solution . The Sony SRF-S84 is light-weight and compact . However , regardless of all of the features of the radio , it is absolutely no good if you ca n't hear it . That was my experience as I tried every way I knew how to keep the ears buds in my ears . The round design does not let them fit down into the ear . The least motion causes them to fall out . I spent a lot of time trying to make them work but it was taking time away from my work . I finally gave up in frustration . The radio and ear buds lay in my truck unused because of the ear buds . It has been a waste of money when you have a good radio but no way to listen to it .
 no ha sido entregado en mi casillero de flybox y fue comprado el 15 de Noviembre , con unos crocs para hombre que ya llegaron al destino final
 I bought this radio so I could listen to Coast to Coast AM while working overnight . It is highly sensitive to which direction you are turned - the station will quickly fade in and out if you are walking or moving . Overall , not a good value in my opinion .
 I made the mistake of ordering this product along with a new Garmin Etrex Vista a week before a UK trip . Garmin does not sell it any more . It 's a WINDOWS 95 , 98 , NT 4.0 product . Not even NT 4.1 , not less Windows 2000 or XP . The packaging mentions only GPSes that Garmin used to sell , none that they currently sell . It 's a 1999 product , based on 1995 map data . ALL of the products with a European country name in them -LRB- France , Great Britain , etc -RRB- are OUTDATED ! DO NOT BUY ! See the Garmin site.Garmin will charge you ... plus shipping to upgrade to the current product , which Amazon does n't even appear to sell . Even this offer expires on August 31 , then you are completely stuck.In short , I trusted Amazon to know their stuff , and they cheated me . I guess they laid off their GPS guru . Very surprised and disappointed .
 Garmin do not make this any more . All the European maps have been combimed into a single CD package .
 I got this for my dSLR after having read mostly great reviews here . Frankly , I do n't get it . Amazon did n't have it so it was sold through a 3rd party via Amazon . As a result , it could not be returned when I did n't like it , and I ended up eBaying it.First , the bag is far too over-protected for what it is intended -- of course the bullet-proof material is `` cool '' I guess , but it adds at least a pound of unnecessary weight to the bag and it 's hard , plastic-like , and uncomfortable.Second , it is really too small . It fits your camera with lens , and one additional item and accessories . It 's too big of a slingbag to hold only one item . A Tamrac Velocity 7 for example , smaller than this bag and more comfortable , fits the camera and FOUR additional lenses.Third - it 's hard to figure out . You have to remove one of the support straps that come attached by default . WIthout removing that strap , you ca n't sling the bag around . When you do sling the bag around , the pull cord -LRB- which is too difficult to pull , but the way without effort -RRB- is on the wrong side of the bag -- in short , by the time you have turned your bag , opened it , and pulled out your camera -LRB- which also sits at the wrong angle away from you -RRB- you have long missed the shot you had intended to take.Most disappointingly , because I did n't read the `` fine print '' from Amazon , it was not returnable for refund . I most likely wo n't be buying anything else from Amazon that is sold as `` available from these vendors '' that does not come directly from Amazon itself . I learned a lesson on this one -- do n't believe the hype without trying things out yourself , and Amazon 's sales practices have changed and you ca n't just one-click purchase anymore .
 I gave it 2 stars because it is quality made . It is useless to me for my canon 50d with battery pack and extra 70-300 lens and the 28-130 mounted ... It is way too small and even barely of use for my nikon 90d . It is totally uncomfortable on the shoulder . I had really expected more from Isreali made products for better R and D. ... I guess I now am stuck with a 100 $ lunch pack which really sucks more as I researched this bag and others and this won . The others would have really sucked . It may work for smaller consumer cams but not mine ... Only worse gamble would have been to put it in a slot machine ... I lost big on this hand
 I purchased the C7046A attachment for my HP1200 Laserjetprinter.Here are the pros and cons : - The attachment does a good job for copying pages . It operates ata fairly good speed and the quality of the copy is good.-The attachment does a poor job when scanning pages for email purposes such as conversion to pdf form . The scanner works at very slow speed which could not be tolerated in a business setting . I clocked it at 2-3 ppm . Compare this to Fujitsu Scansnaps 18ppm . With the HP attachment you get a below average looking text in the pdf file even at higher quality settings . It looks somewhat blurry . It is difficult to impossible to read some of the text , and definitely should not be used for business or personal . The attachment Director software also tends to need a reboot every 2 or 3 scans . This means turning off , unplugging the printer , or rebooting the computer .
 I am a professional photographer with over 10 years experience so I have seen a lot of Gaffer tape . The Rolls of tape that I received have small blank unlabeled cores . They are also thinner stiffer and less sticky than other rolls of actual permacell gaffer tape that I have in the studio .
 Just a little disappointing to see that the cardboard core is only about a half inch in diameter . I like to throw my tape on a porta brace belt pack and ca n't do it do to the size of the core .
 Within the first year of my Sirius subscription I am having problems with my 3rd Sportster 3.1 st radio - power supply cord for car malfunctioned after 3 weeks2nd radio - Antenna began malfunctioning after 1st month3rd radio - This one was ok for first 6 months however none of the buttons on the unit itself work now except for the knob which can only be turned . Without the remote the radio is useless.I am happy with the subscription however I would definately buy any other brand of radio . Sirius dock and play radios are terrible .
 I 've literally gone through three Sportster3 and its a lousy peace of equipment . I used the home kit and it works fine for a few weeks then the receiver wo n't power on . Add to this the long procedure of calling Sirius warranty apart from the agony of them shipping wrong items or missing accessories . After regularily spending that much time , effort and money it gets to the point when you tell yourself `` to hell with satellite radio '' .
 Beware - This radio is awful . Took almost an hour with Sirius customer service to get it working , and even then the wireless FM transmitter was so weak that you could n't get a clear signal ... even when the unit was right next to the radio . I had no choice but to use the `` optional '' -LRB- according to page 10 of the instructions -RRB- transmitter wire , which is very unsightly . And after all that , it 's still not great audio , even though the Sirius tech guys walked me through trying at least 6 different channels . Do n't waste your money on this unit . My old Sirius radio was pretty beat up , but worked 100 times better than this one .
 Clean new install , works great . 1st trouble or re-install , send it -LRB- scanner -RRB- to the trash bin , tech support very expensive & useless . Simply can not be re-installed . This is the 2nd hp scanner we 've had w / the same failure to reinstall problem . We 've had 3390 for about 2 - 3 years , prn still works great on all 4 computers on the network , scanner has not worked in 3-1/2 years on the same computers on the same network .
 After using HP products for a long time , I can no longer recommend their products . The HP Laserjet 3390 software is the worst I have ever used . About once a year I have to call HP tech support and get them to walk me through uninstall/reinstall -LRB- very complicated and time-consuming -RRB- . The scanner software always breaks . Now that my 3390 is out of warranty they want me to pay them -LRB- ! -RRB- $ 50 to fix their buggy software .
 I bought this printer for my office . I 'm having a rough time with printing envelopes . I can not put in more than one envelope at a time . It 's frustrating . Also , sometimes the machine just freaks out and it 's a whole bunch of pressing the cancel button to get back on track . Have n't used it for scanning ! I guess if I had to do it over , I may NOT have purchased this machine . It 's good for BASIC printing ... and basic printing alone and I would have been happier with a simple laser printer rather than this gizmo that acts up frequently ... The paper feeder on the top gets hungry at times and you wonder what 's going on ...
 In a Windows XP world , THIS all-in-one is terrific and I have had two in our office for ... well , four or five years . BUT , if you intend to operate in a Windows Vista , Windows 7 or Windows 8 world , STOP NOW ! 5-Stars in XP ... 1-Star in every other Windows OS.For those of us who have held on to this good printer/fax/scanner , the problems abound outside XP . IF you want to understand the tip of the iceberg , follow along in this HP forum
 Had this printer for about 1 year . Worked great with XP home . I just upgraded my computer and it came with Vista Home Premium 64Bit . I can print , but not get all the scanner functions to work . Especially my bank deposits which I do by scanning them to the bank . I order the full installation CD but it does n't seem to work . I ca n't even get the software to install . Try getting help from HP support and they want to charge you $ 25 for online chat , for a problem that they can not resolve . I 'm not paying another $ 25 when I paid $ 23 for the CD that was supposed to work.If you are buying a new printer be double sure it works with windows vista-64
 If you are using Microsoft Vista 64 , you may wish to consider another AIO , as for the time being -LRB- and for over a year to date -RRB- this will be a printer only . I receieved the following from HP customer service , `` the full printing software of HP Laser Jet printers is not available for the Windows Vista 64-bit Operating system . '' This means I ca n't copy , scan , or fax to or from my PC . Unbelievable.Since I am not changing my OS , I need to research whether HP 's competitors are compatable with Microsoft Vista 64 . As a nice looking , quiet , but rather expensive printer , it works well .
 JUNK ! GARBAGE ! LAND FILL ! If you bought one I am sorry but you have a boat anchor ! I own two in two different offices and regret every time I try to use it . I will be replacing both as soon as I can afford it . The printer often stops working or communicating with clients . The `` Scan to '' feature trashes itself . My employees have given up on scanning and have gone back to our old manual scanner . Software is the most bloated and useless bit of vaporware HP has produced . I have loaded it multiple times on PC 's and Mac 's and it continues to work for a while and then just stops - reinstalling is the only simple fix . I am an HP faithful having owned many many of their printers of all types since 1987 but this one really really is the worst . I wish I could throttle whoever at HP was the product manager on this one
 We recently replaced our HP 3330 all-in-one , which was having power problems after only 41/2 years - this was the newer version -- HP should have left what was good on the first one . I am a paralegal working from a home office . Here are my complaints :1 . The manual paper feeder has no support to hold paper ! you can only feed ONE piece of paper or envelope at a time and that screws up pulling the sheet in all the time , saying pickup error & `` initializing '' and the sheet goes through blank . To print 6 pages of legal size pages took me like 5 minutes cuz that stupid manual feed is useless . And you ca n't put legal size paper in the regular tray cuz it wont close . Last version had manual feeder on top of paper tray and you could put several pieces of paper in there , was almost like having 2 paper trays .2 . They took away the legal-size bed so now copying legal size thick documents that ca n't be scanned is a REAL pain.I HAVE n't tried scanning yet so ca n't comment on that , but I 'm wishing I had gone to the store with my husband , who I sent to get the same model - I never would have bought this thing !
 I 'm an HP fan , but this product is just terrible . The software is a joke . This is geared at small businesses and fails miserably . It 's so bad I 'm going back to my vendor and begging for a return.I sell a lot of HP product , mostly Servers , and have a previous version of an AIO , the LJ3030 . The LJ3030 beats this hands down and it 's three years old . This an example of a new product launched with no QA or concern for copany reputation and sole focus on churning and burning a few dollars . Shame on HP .
 This is a terrible product that you should avoid like the plague . After 20 + hours on the phone with tech support we had them send out a replacement , which has exactly the same problems , and I think the problem is their terrible software . Its software locks up the host machine at 100 % processor use , the scanning is very poor quality when it works , which is seldom , and the printing locks up with random `` 49 error '' . It does send and receive faxes ok . I have an office full of HP equipment , and we had ok results with the earlier LJ3330 and LJ3380 models , but this is trash .
 This HP 3390 , like all HP lasers that I have used , does a fabulous job in printing . However , this model blows through toner cartridges like prunes through a goose . We replaced an old HP 1200 which used about 1 cartridge every 4 to 6 months , with this unit that is now only making it about 3 weeks to a month on toner.Scanning is fine . Copying is fine . Faxing is just fine . NO problems with any of it . But if we do n't find a solution to the excessive guzzling of toner , it may be too expensive to continue to use as a printer . And just so you know , we have decreased the density and resolution in an attempt to save a little , but I have not seen a difference in the toner usage .
 I bought this as a refurb from HP three years ago , paid $ 400 + for what was then a $ 500 + machine . The feature-set was good , laser was economical , and the duplexing was really a good thing . The printer worked fine , though it took a while to get it working with my Mac . A few weeks ago , the fan started revving up and the printer would n't copy or scan . Kept saying there was a paper jam , though there was n't . Did everything I could figure to do , opened all the doors , blew out the dust , ran test sheets through the paper handler , consulted HP 's completely useless forums , cleaned and inspected everywhere . When I finally broke down and hauled it into a service place , they said , `` Oh , yeah , they make these disposable . If it needs parts , they 'll cost more than the printer did . '' And so they did . I asked the service tech whether there was some other brand that was n't disposable , but he said they all were.Probably should n't have bought a refurb , but on the other hand , according to the service tech , the same things go wrong with those bought brand-new -- because they are made to be disposable . Built elsewhere , breaks here , goes into the landfill or back to China to pollute the future . Color me disgruntled .
 The hardware on this printer is excellent . It shares the same toner cartrigde as the 1320 . However , the software sucks , sucks , sucks . If you plan on using this with one or two computers in a single room , you should be fine . If you plan on using this in a business environment , you will be stymied.THIS IS A CONSUMER PRINTER !!! The HP auto updater ca n't work with a proxy server.Their is no fax confirmation for network users.The printer can only be managed via the USB interface.Fax logs can only be accessed through the USB interface.Tech support for this printer is clearly consumer , not business , oriented.The printer is very fast , very quite , nicely built , integrated handles , solid feeling.The software is sucks.If you are using with one or two computers in the same room , you should be very happy .
 It is now August of 2008 and I still ca n't scan with this device which is not compatible with Windows Vista and there is no evidence that it will ever work . So it 's a great printer but if you really wanted what you paid for -LRB- a printer , fax and scanner -RRB- and if you have Windows Vista , save your money .
 For $ 16 , I assumed that these were four pairs . You know , the way that every other plug manufacturer displays the number of plugs . Will not be using this manufacturer again .
 I love this bag for its storage , lightness and look . The straps sit well on my shoulder and it is very comfortable to carry . I have been using it for LESS THAN a month -LRB- got it for Christmas -RRB- and today when I went to pick it up - the metal buckle that holds the handle to the bag snapped . I do n't carry anything but a laptop and my ipad in it so I know i did not over load the bag . Seriously disappointed .
 If the 2nd one of these goes like the first avoid these like the plague . The first one lasted about 1 week then I kept getting an error that the motor is out on the cartridge . I ordered two at the same time and the 2nd one is still going after 2 weeks , but I have little faith as I was burnt on the 1st one ... DONT BUY IS MY ADVICE
 There is no flash on this camera , the images are impossible to see on the screen after you have taken them , and though it says on the box it holds 120 photos , I ca n't change the setting on it to hold more than 30 . Do not waste your money .
 It 's cheap but not inexpensive.The camera looks cool but very cheaply designed and fragile.Not recommended !
 We purchased this camera for our 4 year-old at Walmart but when I saw it on here wanted to warn people that it 's very difficult to hook up to a computer and have problems that can not be resolved through customer service . We were n't expecting much from the camera so I 'm not heart broken about this problem but wanted to let people know that if you 're expecting QUALITY from this product you will be disspointed . It 's much more of a fun toy than something useful .
 Terrible product , do n't waste your money . The photo quality is horrid even at the highest resolution setting and , if the batteries die -LRB- which they did after just four hours -RRB- , all of the photos are erased .
 If I could give this zero stars I would . I bought this for my 7 year old daughter for Christmas . The camera is cheaply made . The preview screen is so worthless they even mention it on a sticker placed near the screen that the photo will be of better quality . There is no memory card . The pictures are stored via 2 AAA batteries . The door to the battery compartment does not stay shut tight . Therefore , during normal handling the door is touched disrupting the battery charge and erasing the stored pictures . Constantly . Even when I used it this happened . As far as the software goes it is very difficult to intall . We installed / uninstalled it at least 8 times . My computer recognized the camera twice . The first time we successfully loaded 1 photo . The second time it told us no photos existed -LRB- We had just taken a bunch to test it -RRB- The other times it did n't recognize the camera forcing us to unintsall/install . As far as technical support goes there is none . The camera has been discontinued . They have a newer model now but I would stay clear . It looks almost identical . We were very disappointed with this product .
 This camera should not even be on the market . I purchased this camera for my niece for Christmas ... . you ca n't even make out the pictures on the computer . I DO NOT recommend this product !!
 Sakar should be stopped from making cameras if they 're all like this . My son got the star wars 92022 version of this camera and it 's all the same problems not to mention you 'll receive zero customer support from the company and the drivers are not online after seeing the CD does n't provide the correct drivers . It keeps deleting the pictures , seems to work as cam while hooked to pc but wo n't load the pictures and keeps deleting them.Only buy this as a toy for a very small child who wo n't mind that it does n't work like a real camera .
 I purchased this camera for my daughter for Christmas . When I took it out of the wrapping on Christmas Eve , the LCD screen did not work -LRB- eventually we got it to work sometimes if we squeezed the front and back of the camera together almost violently -RRB- . Then , the first time she wanted to download pictures , the USB jack broke loose from the casing . The Sakar rep I spoke with offered to replace the camera for me , but the camera I originally bought was so flimsy and cheap feeling , that , coupled with the defects that showed up in the first 12 hours , I have no interest in getting another one . Personally , I will never touch a Sakar product again .
 Got this for my 11year old daughter for xmas . The battery door hinge or spring broke and the batteries kept getting ejected out . Which frustrated my daughter because all the data/photos taken are lost . Should have payed more and not invested in a toy camera .
 This camera was not impressive . The picture that shows in the display window was very blurry and I often saw this at the stores for less money than what I paid . I am very dissappointed with the bang for my buck .
 We bought this camera for our 5 year old ... the USB connect broke the second time we tried to connect it to the computer . It also took horrible pictures .
 For Christmas last year , we thought this camera would be a great way to introduce our boys -LRB- 6 and 7 years old -RRB- to photography . We were WRONG ! To begin with , the battery door is located on the bottom side of the camera , and held closed with a sensitive spring operated door . Every time we turned around , `` MOM ! The battery fell out again . '' This should n't be too aggravating , but with the `` volatile memory '' you lose everything . Our kids were so aggravated a week after Christmas , that the camera fell out of favor with them . By the beginning of February 2009 , they were asking for a replacement camera.Then came the software . We chose this product because the software and drivers were mac compatible . WOW ! Even with the appropriate software loaded , drivers updated , AND cable provided , we successfully were able to download 1 very grainy photo . Then guess what happens with the volatile memory ... It ERASES ! Great , now you are unable to try and download the images again.And like I mentioned earlier , if you have a loose battery door , gravity will encourage the battery to fall out . We tried several brands and types of tape . Nothing kept the door completely secure . Nearly every time the camera powered on , all previous images were erased or even worse , we had to set up the camera all over again.Additionally , the camera lens is so small , if little fingers made little prints on the lens , you 're up the creek . It 's very difficult to clean properly.For the price -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- at Walmart -RRB- , I am selecting a Vivitar digital camera with better performance , quality and company pedigree.Please , do yourself the favor and opt for quality over price tag .
 This camera is cr * & . We bought this because we thought it wold be easy for our 4 year old to use . The screen is small and grainy . IT also does n't move quick enough with you to see what you are photographing . We never bothered taking pictures , because the camera operation is so horrible . I would NOT recommend this to others and the manufacturer should not be selling this . We decided to buy her a real camera and not deal with the cruddy kids cameras .
 This camera is terrible . If I could give it zero stars , I would . The battery door does n't stay closed , and every time it opens the batteries fall out and all the pictures are lost . As I type this , I 'm exhausted from a very long day at the zoo where we had to keep visiting the same animals over and over because the camera lost the pictures . I wish I could insert a picture of my daughters ' tantrums over her lost pictures -- but , you guessed it ... the batteries fell out and we lost it ! Stay away from this camera !
 I thought it would be better , there is not as much memory as I thought . I do not recommend this product .
 this camera is a total piece of dowah . do not buy it . I opened the battery compartment to check the batteries and lost all of my daughters pictures .
 My 8 yr old daughter was wishing for a little digital camera of her own for Christmas after her 11 yr old brother got one for his bday in November . We received it broken , and because I paid for gift wrapping , I did n't know it was broken until Christmas morning .
 Forget about the horrible quality of the photos , that 's to be expected of such a cheap camera and of course it 's difficult to use . BUT to lose the pictures that you 've already taken because the batteries -LRB- that you had to buy BTW because it does n't come withthem -RRB- died , that 's pathetic and makes this camera completely useless and a waste of money .
 Bought this camera for my five year old . After snapping pics here and there , we went to check out the pics on the pc and the camera was blank . The pics were not saved even though the quantity no . on the screen kept going down after every pick he took . I 've tried everything I know to retrieve the pics , but I just cant find them .
 This camera is by far the worst piece of technology I have ever touched . Even at web prices -LRB- ~ $ 25 -RRB- it is a total rip-off even for a child 's camera . Picture quality is absolutely horrid - you ca n't expect much from .3 MP - and it does not have any optical or digital zoom and no flash . The software it comes with might be useful with another camera and better pictures but it is overly cumbersome and must be used to get pictures off the camera - most cameras allow the user to view or copy pictures via Windows but not this one . Bottom line - do n't waste your time or money on this camera - it is worthless .
 I bought this cd player for my boys , as they have a pirate themed room and thought it would be a great addition . Right out of the box it was skipping and the sound quality was poor . Maybe it was a faulty product but next time I will just skip the `` cute '' and go for something more practical .
 I HATE this camera with a passion . If you want to know what it was like to take a picture in 1906 instead of 2006 , buy this camera.What it does do :1 . It takes pictures -LRB- sometimes ... when it feels like it . -RRB- 2 . It turns on and off -LRB- again , sometimes ... when it feels like it . -RRB- 3 . You can look at the pictures after you take them -LRB- well , you get a rough idea what they look like , because the screen is n't very clear . -RRB- 4 . Use up batteries like you would n't believe -LRB- the other reviewer was doing good with 24 pictures -- I 'm lucky I can take 5 pictures without it dying on me .6 . You can download them to a computer and look at them -LRB- this is the best functioning part of the camera . -RRB- What it does n't do :1 . Take pictures of anything in motion -- and when I mean motion , I 'm talking about the slightest of twinges . If your subject or the person taking the picture are n't perfectly still , the picture will turn out blurry . Whatever you do , do n't drink anything containing caffeine for 24 hours before using this camera .2 . Your subject has to stay perfectly still for about 3 seconds because that 's how long it takes for the stupid camera to take a picture . Now , you may be thinking ... 3 seconds , that 's nothing . Well , if you have children , 3 seconds is an eternity . The last time I 've used the camera was when I wanted to take a picture of my two little girls . Fifteen tries later -LRB- along with 2 battery changes -RRB- I finally got a half decent picture . So obviously , if you have children or pets , this camera is an exercise in futility & frustration .3 . It does n't go off every time you press the button . You have to press the button extremely hard and then wonder for the requisite 3 seconds if it 's going to work this time .4 . It does n't turn on every time you flip the on/off switch . If you flip the switch a little too hard , the camera will shut itself off again . If the camera turns on after 3 tries , then it 's doing good .5 . If your background does n't have megawatts of light , or is lit from the wrong area , your picture will turn out dark . Look forward to several minutes of playing ` musical lights ' before you can get your picture to be clear enough.I know $ 100 is very inexpensive for a digital camera , but this thing is so bad that I ca n't imagine paying that much for it . -LRB- My camera was a gift from my in-laws . They got it free after buying their HP computer . -RRB- Let 's just say I 'm glad neither I or they paid for it and I feel sorry for anyone who did . If you 're in the market for a cheap digital camera , avoid this one like it has the bird flu . You 'll save yourself a ton of frustration .
 Not only does this cammera suck a pair of AA 's dead in 24 photos -LRB- or about 15 minutes of video screen -RRB- but the cheep plastic hinge breaks easy under the spring pressure . The photos are okay but not great . The flash is nearly useless unless in pitch dark and the zoom only works with the video screen wich eats battery power fast.Stay away , I have a new cannon and it 's great .
 This thing went after batteries with a vengence ! I even went out and purchased those super-juiced ` digital ' batteries and was able to take about 5 pictures before it finished off the brand-new batteries . It does take pictures -LRB- for the most part ... sometimes for no reason at all , it does n't take pictures -RRB- but they are not clear on the viewing screen and the zoom makes for grainy pictures . It was terrible taking outdoor pictures if the sun shined at all ... It washed out every image . This camera caused me no end of misery and I really would n't recommend it to anyone .
 I 've had to stick with this camera for a LONG TIME . A couple years ago when it first came out my dad bought this as a gift for my mom , and she loved it . About a year later is just sat there collecting dust so I practically took it . What I found , like mentioned , is EVERYTHING on the camera is chancy . Sometimes it wo n't turn on , sometimes it freezes up , and heck . . sometimes it 'll turn on and take pictures on it 's own ! Also was only able to take about 3 pictures after FOUR BRAND NEW SPANKING batteries were placed in it . Sorry , but if any camera needs FOUR batteries it must be good , but this thing basically wastes the 5 bucks on batteries and gives you 3 worthless shots . ABSOLUTELY NOT A CAMERA FOR BEGINNERS . When anyone gets a new camera they want to test it out in different lightings , setting , etc. , this one does n't really have any settings and when you only get a few minutes you 'd better shoot now and hope it comes out right ! I had to take this on my trip to Florida , and I ended up spending about 40 bucks for a memory card for the sucker and super juiced up rechargeable camera batteries . This thing is so big and lunky , and crappy , that I could barely get any pictures ! Taking it to the beach ? Ha yeah right , probably would n't even last two seconds before my arm would hurt and i 'd throw it in the ocean . I have to admit though , at times you CAN get excellent professional photos out of this thing , but i 've only had it happen about 3 times , do n't even ask me how I did it because all I did was point and shoot and it came out looking great . One last thing . . it also breaks EASILY . All other cameras , and even flimsy phones etc. for that matter , can be dropped a hundred times and never break . This thing dropped ONCE and split in half , shooting my batteries to who knows where and almost breaking the week old memory card I just bought . My cousin had dropped it , felt so bad he gave me his canon power shot a410 I think it 's called . It 's about half of what the hp photosmart cost , but about 100 times better in every aspect . Overall . . do n't buy this camera . It 's just too outdated and odd to really find any use of it .
 I agree with Jimmy.This is my second DMC-FZ5 since I returned the first one after Panasonic told me the stablizer was n't working.Well I guess it does n't work on this one either . I had a 4 mp Kodak for 3 years and was very happy with it until I dropped it and it was beyond repair.I have done every thing in my power to like this camera.When I went back to Circuit City to get the new one , I took it right out of the box to take pictures in the store . Again they were blurry so a sales person came over to play with it and had other employees stand to have there picture taken . If they stayed still the photo 's where fine but , if they moved they were blurry . When I say moved I do n't mean jumping jacks . All the salesman could say was `` it 's a good camera '' . I have noticed that if you pop up the flash all the photos are good , but this is not how it 's supposed to work . When I finally get a good shot I can say it 's a great shot and I 'm very impressed but , I need a camera that I can depend on to take good shots all the time . PCMag also did n't give it a good review . I wish that I had checked there first.I guess now I have to pay a restocking fee and have a 1gb memory card of no use to me now hanging around in a draw.I would not reccomend this camera to anyone.Kathleen
 So far 50 % of my picutes with this have been blurry .75 % of my indoor pics are blurry . I got this to replace my Cannon s110 elph -LRB- took great outdoor pics but terrible indoor -RRB- and for the digital zoom but wish i had spent 200 $ less and gotten the cannon with the 10X optical zoom instead.I think panasonic has a team of employess paid to write good reviews for its products . Just try to find bad reviews for any panasonic projects - u cant ! . I even tried to put a bad review in circuit city 's website and each time i tried to submit the website would have a problem - no matter how many times i tried . Does panasonic pay them off not to allow anything under a middle of the road review through ?
 the camera is too light and way too much shake ... photos using the zoom are not clear enough to reproduce ... especially when in the max zoom mode . good for close-ups and such .
 I LOVED this camera , everything about it , until it jammed for no apparent reason after having it just over a year . I 've seen other users with the same problem on this website so I guess I 'm glad to know I 'm not the only one . But , do I buy another Panasonic , do I upgrade to the FZ8 , do n't know whether I trust them or not which is a shame because as I mentioned it is great - easy to learn & use , takes reliable pictures etc. .
 Overall this product has been so-so at best . For the money I was expecting a lot more . A much cheaper point and shoot camera would have been better.The image stabilizer does n't work well . Anything past 4x seems like you should have a tripod . Many shots come out blurry . I always had to take a few shots with the flash and with out to see which would turn out best . I could probably keep an average of 1 out of 4 shots taken . When I did use the flash , if i was closer than a few feet away i would get a shadow from the lense blocking the flash on the subject.And the kicker
 This Directv 's first attempt at creating a dvr . Previously they used TiVO 's technology and branded it with their name . We purchased one when our first dvr looked like it was failing and we 've been sorry ever since . The software to run the dvr is overly complicated : * It 's hard to switch between favorite lists - requires about 5 steps . * In a season pass , selecting only `` first run '' episodes makes no difference - they all record . * Also in a season pass , the dvr will decide on it 's own which episodes to record - and not inform you . For instance , it will record every practice , qualifying , Busch , trucks , and Sports Car broadcast , but not the actual Nextel Cup event itself . * The delay between screens can be up to 10 seconds after pressing a button on the remote.When calling for support on these issues , we 've been told that they know about all its problems , that they 're all software related , and that a fix will be at least 2 months in coming.I do n't know about Directv 's other dvr , but we will be replacing this dvr with an older one that WORKS , shooting it with a couple .45 rounds , beating it with a sledge hammer , boxing it up , and sending it back to Directv .
 First , this is a review about DirecTV service in general and not about any particular hardware . I use Sony equipment -LRB- no longer available -RRB- and I like it better than any other TV equipment I 've used.I 've been a subscriber since 1998 . When I first subscribed , DirecTV was the best . I could call and instantly get a channel package added or dropped and the quality was always superb.However , since it came under the control of Rupert Murdoch 's NewsCorp -LRB- it used to be owned by Hughes -RRB- the quality has dropped dramatically . Where I would get flawless picture reception before , I now get signal drop-out quite often . Even worse , the broadcasts will occasionally get frame drop-out , a condition where the picture shows fewer frames per second , giving it a `` strobe '' like effect.The MLB Ticket package was what drew me to DirecTV in the first place , but it has also diminished in quality . I used to be able to watch either the home or visitor broadcast for any game . I could switch between channels and see the different reactions to the same play . Now I only get the broadcast that DirecTV allows me to watch . All the broadcasts are on the satellite , but they black out one of the feeds , either home or visitor -LRB- but not predicably so -RRB- . While much of this must be laid at in the lap of MLB and even more in the lap of their network broadcast partner , it must be noted that the network partner is NewsCorp 's Fox . So we have a situation where the left hand of the company sells me a subscription to something , but the right hand of the same company takes that away , citing its `` exclusive rights '' . It must also be noted that NewsCorp also owned the MLB Los Angeles Dodgers -LRB- as long as the tax benefits lasted -RRB- and thus helped shape the MLB policy that allows them to play the old-switcheroo with what I pay for and what I get.Finally , customer service has been reduced from the best in the industry to `` worse than non-existent '' . I used to be able to call at any time day or night , 24/7 and get instant service -LRB- instant meaning within 10 minutes to affect a change to my service -RRB- . Now when I call for service , I get one of those fake automated receptionists that tries to use voice recognition to understand and answer your question.Anyone who has used voice recognition software knows how difficult it can be and how you have to train it for your voice . So having it recognize the question is a minor miracle . Of course , you would know only if you happened to ask a standard question that it has an answer for . Anyone who has seen a FAQ for a NewsCorp website knows how little information they think you should know , so that 's about what you 're dealing with here . The only way it could be worse is if they programmed the `` receptionist '' to use an incomprehensible foreign accent.Since Comcast cable is worse than DirecTV in all these -LRB- and even more -RRB- respects , the options are limited . Because I like my equipment , I 'll keep subscribing to DTV until it finally dies . However , I may get fed-up long before this Sony equipment dies . When that happens I 'll be looking elsewhere for my TV reception needs soon.If you do n't already own equipment , why buy into it ?
 This is by far the worst piece of junk made . It worked for about 11/2 days and died . I lost the NFL 's game of the year ! It just freezes up all the time and when it does you lose all recordings that are not saved . Waiting for dumbrectv to send another . The only reason I got this from them was after 3 HD boxes dieing in 2 months . I did not want to try another . Look where these things are made at - south of US border , do I need to say more !!! If it were n't for the NFL Sunday ticket I would have gone with DishTv.Come on Amazon - Choice between 1 - 5 stars - how about 0 - 5 , because this is defiantly a ZERO ...
 Before you buy any Garmin maps for your GPS unit on Amazon , I suggest that you check the Garmin site for the latest version . Amazon has many outdated versions of Garmin software for sale , including this one , which was discontinued by Garmin over 2 years ago .
 This is the only print server Konica Minolta will recommend for their -LRB- now outdated -RRB- 2300W color laser printer.Unfortunately , set up is so complicated that it truly approaches impossible . The automated process simply does n't work under Vista . I was never able to get it operating correctly . Neither the printer nor this print server were designed to operate with Vista , and they do n't . -LRB- Literature suggests you can follow XP instructions with Vista ; unfortunately , that 's not true . -RRB- After hours of frustration - and facing my need for a truly networked printer - I went out and bought a Xerox Phaser 6130 . How I wish I had made that decision before I wasted time and money trying to keep my outdated 2300W cranking . The 6130 is an excellent printer and so easy to network.Bottom line
 This keyboard has a very cheap look and feel . Mouse touch pad is very jumpy . Not worth sales price at all . I returned it after 3 days . Key layout is horrid as well .
 Terribly cheap keyboard , mouse started giving out after two weeks of use , and the keys seem to stick , it 's very difficult to type with.You can find a better quality , wireless , for $ 40 at Fry 's electronics.I was disappointed when I realized this ... . Also , the wireless one advertised on amazon for around $ 80 is also terrible cheap , it 's pretty much the same exact model , I returned it ASAP , do n't bother with it .
 I have the PS/2 version of this keyboard . See my review for that item . The trackpad , always unreliable , has failed completely.Adesso 's products are poor quality , and their customer service is bad as well .
 This thing sucks and it is NOT wireless . Do n't be fooled by the pictures . Also , anytime you tap the touchpad and move your fingers to scroll , it clicks things open you never intended on opening - which really makes no sense since there are left and right click buttons below the touchpad . In other words , it 's unnecessarily redundant . It sucks ! Not what I wanted , at all !
 One of the two reasons I purchased this modem was to try the Modem-on-hold capability of V. 92 technology . -LRB- It is clearly marked on the box as a selling point . -RRB- What is missing is the NetWaiting utility . After 5 days and four e-mails to tech support , I was finally informed that the software for the Modem-on-hold does not exist and that they are working on a beta.It delivers faster connnectivity and speeds higher thatn 56K but if you want the modem-on-hold , go elsewhere .
 For years I used one of the original U.are.U fingerprint scanners , and it worked well . I decided to replace it because it integrated too tightly with the OS in order to enable system logon -LRB- which created delays and network issues -RRB- . My first replacement attempt was the Microsoft fingerprint scanner , which turned out to only work with Internet Explorer - it did n't work with Firefox , and only occasionally with password dialogs . So I decided to spend more to get more and bought the U.are.U workstation.The disk that comes with the U.are.U has two programs - one enables system logon , which I did n't install . -LRB- I use a different system that allows my PC to boot fully when I turn it on , and locks it with a utility . -RRB- The U.are.U program that I did install was supposed to enable other passwords . All it actually enabled was for the U.are.U to work exactly like the Microsoft reader - with IE only , not with Firefox or password dialogs . And at 3 to 4 times the price.I wrote to Digital Persona to inquire about the lack of functionality , but they did not respond.I rated the Microsoft fingerprint reader 2 , because it is inexpensive and does work with IE . I give the U.are.U reader 1 , because of its expense and extremely limited functionality . It is possibly worth more if used for system logon , but its inability to deal with Firefox or password dialogs is a severe liability . I have since ordered a highly rated reader that does work with Firefox and dialogs , and costs 1/3 the price of U.are.U .
 I plugged it in and it did n't work from the start . What a piece of junk !
 I received mine in a generic ziploc bag also , and about 2minutes after i plugged it in the cigarette lighter outlet , it started smoking real bad and the adapter itself got very Hot . I got it to work for like 5 minutes at one point , but the sound quality was so bad i took it out and plan on returning it back ... . SAVE YOUR MONEY for something that actually works correct , and will not burn your car up .
 This is Crap ! I still use the USB cord , but the part that plugged in the cigarette lighter never worked . I went with the Radio Shack charger which is awesome .
 Honestly , the orders -LRB- I ordered two , each order made days apart from each other -RRB- just arrived and I have not tried it out yet . I am pretty sure the items will work just fine . I am giving it a bad review because not only were the items so different from the picture posted , the two items are not alike in any way , and none of them were by SkyTech as indicated ! One looks generic and came in a ziplock bag -LRB- but the other one was more professional in wrapping -RRB- !
 Installed this battery into a 3Gen iPod . Charged up played just fine -LRB- for a week -RRB- . Now will show full charge but charge only lasts for about 30 minutes.Don ' t waste your money .
 The description of this item is incomplete . It does not specifically indicate anywhere in the description that this card requires an available ISA slot on your computer and it does . Most motherboards made within the last several years only have PCI slots but no ISA slots so you can not use this modem if all you have are PCI slots . The full name of this product is `` Hayes Accura V. 90 56K ISA Faxmodem-Internal '' and I wish that the description of this item specifically stated that this card required an open ISA slot . I would have bought the PCI version if I had been given a better `` heads up '' . There is nothing wrong with the modem itself . What an unnecessary waste of time .
 Quality of case is good but takes too long to set up and instructions are horrible . Would not purchase this item again .
 You might as well not waste your money on this cheapo case . Spend more money and get something better .
 This moden is the noisest thing I have ever heard . I used it on my computer for the answering machine and i can hardly hear the messages that are recorded . I give it one star only because it does work .
 Apparently compatibility specs with windows on fax-modems are with regard to the data portion of the modem and not necessarily the fax side . The modem would send faxes w/out problems . However , it failed to detect a ringing phone to receive a fax unattended . All was ok if someone was always around to tell the modem when to start receiving , but that 's not what we were looking for in a fax machine replacement . So I ca n't speak to the data operability of this modem , but if you 're looking for fax , I 'd look elsewhere .
 This may be a great modem , but it does n't provide Caller ID as I expected . While it does provide caller ID as part of Modem-On-Hold , it does n't provide it for every incoming call . If you check out this product on the zoom web page , it says * Caller-ID . No caveats or mention of Modem-On-Hold . This is false advertising , so I 'm returning my modem .
 Price is too high for what it offers.There 's nothing extraordinary about this modem . Hardware is the same found and much more inexpensive ones.I 'd say , save your money !
 When I received this I was expecting a lot . I did a clean install and dialed up . It worked great . I have never gotten more then 52.1 kbps and now I was seeing 53.2 kbps ! Later , after rebooting i was unable to make a connection . I set up a new network connection . That worked until I rebooted . Could not get online . Made a new network connection . Could not get online . Re-installed the software after doing a clean removel . Could not get online . O.K. , maybe I just got the first card off the line on Monday morning or maybe not . It 's going back and I am not going back to Zoom .
 These headphones are resole under diffrent names over and over . Let me tell you something , they are expensive and are -LSB- bad -RSB- . Sure it vibrates but if you feel the construction there is something wrong . Fake wire stoppers , bad middle unit position , weak screws , -LSB- bad -RSB- hardware overall . Do not get this unless you like RMAs .
 Before you buy any Garmin maps for your GPS unit on Amazon , I suggest that you check the Garmin site for the latest version . Amazon has many outdated versions of Garmin software for sale , including this one , which was discontinued by Garmin over 2 years ago .
 If you 're considering purchasing a Zoom high speed modem , you may wish to wait . Users are reporting compatibility issues with some network providers . Symptoms include random loss of connection and poor speed -LRB- throughput -RRB- . The problem seems to effect more than just this version of the Zoom cable modem . The problem has been confirmed by Zoom Technical Support . Zoom is working on resolving the problem but does n't have a solution at this time .
 I bought this after reading the one and only review on this product . Like the reviewer , I also was looking for two aspects .1 . the ability to perform in low light . 2 . close up capability.One the first requirement it failed miserably . Really it is joke.I have seen better image out of cameras that have been operated in the dark with only the light from the monitor . I could shine a75 watt bulb a foot from my face and still the camera could not pick it up properly.As far as the close up requirement , I would say that it can perform at about 3 inches away from the object . With lots of light . Really lots and lots . Not very happy with the purchase.Oh , another thing , the set up was not very smooth . Ater doing everything the way they have written up , I could not get the camera to work . I actally was thinking of returning it . Then Viola !! then next day , I noticed a green light shining on the camera and was able to get a picture .
 The image quality of this camera is ok , and it does support close up focusing . Software/hardware installation was no problem . It needs decent incandescent light or sunlight . I have been unable to get more than about 11 frames per second in low resolution . I think this might be due my computer having only USB 1.0 . The camera says it supports USB 1.1 , but I do n't know if that 'd make a big difference . The bundled software is very clunky and the documentation/help is scanty .
 Before you buy any Garmin maps for your GPS unit on Amazon , I suggest that you check the Garmin site for the latest version . Amazon has many outdated versions of Garmin software for sale , including this one , which was discontinued by Garmin over 2 years ago .
 I purchased this modem after a lengthy serach for a modemthat can work with Windows and Linux -LRB- in this case
 It will not read new disks out of the package , old disks , it will not read any disk for that matter , and it had barely been used ! we bought it to use in our smaller car , it does not have a DVD unit in it like our SUV . We have NEVER used it in the car . I used it on my kitchen table the day i bought it , to test it , watched an entire movie on it while fixing dinner.I have hooked it up to a TV in the guest bedroom to watch a movie when my children have friends over and i want to watch a movie in quiet . After owning it less than a year , watching LESS than 10 movies , it will not read disks anymore.I have cleaned it with a cleaner , to no avail . I believe from watching the unit that the eye has stopped moving along the disk to read as it should.So this was a complete waste of money . DO NOT BUY THIS ONE , spend a little more and get a Sony ! in all the years i have been buying electronics i have never had issue with theirs !
 Eventually the battery died . It will not hold a charge , and it is therefore useless on a place with no outlet . I would not purchase this again
 Like many reviewers , I had been very pleased with this portable DVD player . I used it approx . 3 times in three months and when I tried to use it today after charging the battery , I found that it would no longer hold a charge . It is completely dead and , of course , there is no longer any warranty . It 's great if you only will use this unit on a/c power but I bought it as a portable for the plane so now it is useless . Avoid .
 I was happy with my Sony IF630Rs for 5 years . In fact , I loved them and now I am crying that they broke . The IF3000s are worthless garbage.First of all , the extremely loud hiss does not only happen when you 're going out of range . Not unless the range happens to be less than 3 feet . I have the transmitter exactly where my TMR-IF630R was , pointing directly at me from about 3 feet away on my desk . While the IF630R sounded great , the IF3000 sounds like listening to AM radio in a 1972 Chevette . I would be better off listening on a computer speaker . The one INSIDE the CPU tower.Maybe the batteries are n't charged enough ? Well , you 'd think that after 2 full days of sitting on the charger , they might be . It 's hard to say though , since unlike the IF630R the 3000 barely seats on the charging terminal and easily slips off . And since the unit takes bizarre Sony-only batteries , I 'm not going to go buy a pair of $ 25 hacked AAAs to find out if it 's just a bum cell.Sony must have fired the IF630R team for being excessively competent . The fact that the same company released both products should be an embarrassment.I have saved an eBay search for a used pair of IF630Rs to replace my old pair , because these things are an insult to my ears .
 I do n't think Sony has figured out how to properly charge these batteries or their batteries are just cr * p.I purchased the MDR-DS3000 and an additional headphone -LRB- MDR-IF3000 # . I charged both units separately until the CHG light turned off #ie
 I hooked up the optical cable to my plasma tv . There was quite a bit of interference . I moved the unit away from the tv but this did not solve the problem . I then decided to look in troubleshooting and found the answer to my problem . The troubleshooting guide says you may experience interference from a plasma tv . So I returned the unit to Amazon
 The Ni-MH batteries included with this set can not be recharged anymore . The died after only about 15 hours of use .
 I read and followed the directions but got only hiss , crack and pop with these headphones . I tried plugging into the optical port on the TV but could n't get it to work . I returned the headphones but had to pay shipping and a restocking charge . Never got refund from vendor , Etronics.Buying electronics and software is risky and best done locally.I had a Sony TV with built-in infrared headphones and they were great . Now I ca n't find anything that works .
 I needed cordless head phones . I like Sony products . I read the reviews . They were good . I bought them . They did n't work . I tried everything and even recruited help . I sent them back . Maybe someday I 'll get something that works so my wife does n't have to listen to the TV late at night .
 Will not workEither defective or not compatableI have returned the product with a rma # and asked for a refund
 There IS background hiss of significant and distracting levels from the cheap amp on these headphones . Compared to the Pioneer wireless these are junk.Further , the implementation of the dolby functions , including virtual surround , is very poor . Again , hear the Pioneer which are amazing in comparison.There is little bass , and the treble is distractingly bright.Verdict : Fail.For an equally compromised set of headphones , but with long range , See the Sennheiser R130 .
 Do n't work . No info on what might be wrong . Unfortunatly , ca n't return . Bummer , a $ 200 piece of plastic waste .
 Not easy to use . whats the use of wireless if you have to stay in front of the transmitter , for it to work .
 Sony needs to state that you need a Reciever that has optical/digital output in order to use the expanded features of this headset.Having to use the analog input the sound of these headphones were horrible.I have a cheap pair of TEAC headphones that put these to shame . I played bluray discs , Playstation 3 games and music and could not get any quality of sound that you would expect from Sony and for the price.I had to push the volume of my Pioneer reciever volume almost 3/4 of the way up to even get decent sound and even then it was not that good.The volume control on the headset was almost impossible to operate and placing headset on the charger was not an easy task.The construction of the product is cheap.I know its the internal operations that make the product , but c , mon Sony put a little more build quality into the product . I am an avid fan of Sony and have total faith in them . However this is a product I can not recommend . I should have stuck with my first choice , Sennheiser.Having read all the positive feedback on their headphones , I returned the SONY 's and reordered the Sennheisers .
 Used these approx 2 hrs . before sending them back . Setting them in the cradle for recharging was very `` location specific '' . The audio quality was less than anticipated especially given the digital -LRB- fiber optic -RRB- input . Sony 's surround process was unusable . I will state the ear cushions were more comfortable than the Sennheiser 's that I bought as an alternative .
 These headphones are complete trash . The reason is simply because the range is bad and keeps dropping a signal even when you are near the receiver . Battery life is below the advertised promise and you can hear a strong static build-up over time , as batter life diminishes . Thank goodness amazon.com takes care of its customers with easy return . Dont buy !!!
 Very disappointed with the head phones . They only work if within 10 feet of the base and you have to be sitting directly across from them . If on the side or walk away longer than 10 feet , they shut off .
 I had hoped wireless technology got better in the last few years and I have been proved wrong.The digital surround sounds fake as it did 10 years ago on the early digital wirless sets , the hiss is noticeable to the point of rendering unpleasant the listening experience , and the set is uncomfortable to wear.Good point for expandability , as it can serve additional headsets , making possible a listening experience shared among multiple people .
 With a one year old finally sleeping through the night I felt it time to pick up some wireless surround sound headphones so I could catch up on films in the evening . I made the mistake of choosing price over quality and do I regret it . While these headphones get some great reviews , my experience sides with those less than impressed.I ca n't connect the headphone receiver to my amp since there is no output on it , so I was left connecting it directly to my PS3 's optical output . No matter the position of the headphone receiver -LRB- behind the tv , in front of it , pointed directly towards me , etc. -RRB- I ca n't get the terrible hiss to go away . Yes , you can turn up the volume but only during loud action sequences is the hiss finally masked . But as soon as anything quiets down even remotely the his is noticeable.I have since returned these headphones and ordered a more expensive but better reviewed set . Hopefully my experience with that pair will turn out better .
 I purchased the Sony DS3000 knowing that they were not suitable for use in front of a plasma screen . Indeed as a number of reviews have stated the noise level in the vacinity of a plasma is completely unacceptable . However I purchased the DS3000 for use with a DLP projector . The Sony DS3000 noise levels are much too high and do not change when the projector is off . It is clear that Sony engineers screwed up . There is simply no excuse for a digital system to have such high noise levels . Sony should be ashamed of this product ... it is a disgrace .
 While the sound quality is okay -LRB- not excellent & NOT stereo -RRB- , there are serious downers in my view :1 -RRB- The included rechargeable batteries can ONLY be charged by attaching a headset to the transmitter . There is no way the contact points on the batteries can work with any other battery charger . The batteries are fitted with square thingys on each end , resulting in contact points being recessed within the squares .2 -RRB- While transmitter is charging , it is NOT transmitting , rendering additional headsets useless .3 -RRB- The headset that holds the batteries is built to accomodate ONLY rechargeable batteries from Sony . Those square thingys stuck on each end ! 4 -RRB- After 8 or 9 hours use , the batteries require about 20 hours charging .5 -RRB- While the user can use AAA alkaline batteries , they must be acquired from Sony ... the battery seating precludes the use of any other battery . The square ends ! This has to be intentional on the part of Sony ... forcing you to use only their product.Don ' t waste your money if you plan to use these headphones for any length of time . The only thing good about this set is the foam earpads are cooler than the leather earpads offered by other manufacturers.I 'll be returning mine and going back to Amphony ... a much better choice .
 The hiss is dominant even with clean line of sight to IR transmitter.It 's annoying during quiet passages .
 I bought this modem to replace my Viking V90 USB modem because I was `` upgrading '' to WinXP Pro from Win98se . Viking did n't feel like releasing any drivers for WinXP -LRB- Stay away from Viking ' products , they do n't support their products -RRB- so I was forced to buy another modem . When I received this modem the first thing I notice was that it did n't look like the one advertised here at Amazon.com , it was black not beige . It was a model 3049c -LRB- Conexant chipset -RRB- , the beige one is the 3049L -LRB- Agere chipset -RRB- . I installed this modem while I was still using Win98se and I never had a problem , always connected -LRB- 49.2 - 50.6 kbps -RRB- , never hanged or disconnected after a few minutes . In fact I once stayed connected for over 24 hours downloading a movie on Kazaalite . After two weeks of bliss with this modem on Win98se I `` upgraded '' to WinXP Pro SP1 . I downloaded and installed the latest drivers -LRB- 3048-9C . exe -RRB- restarted and booted up again with no problems . I connected to my isp -LRB- MSN -RRB- at 50.6 , I then started to download some new drivers for my video card -LRB- 18.8 mb file -RRB- . Here 's where this modem earns it 's one star , after about 30 minutes it just stops downloading . It did n't disconnect , it just stopped . I paused my download and tried to surf the web to test the connection and was unable to . I then disconnected and restarted the computer , turned the modem off then on again , checked the settings . Gave it another try with another isp -LRB- Netzero -RRB- and the same thing happen over and over again . I searched for help online and was told that for external modems , sometimes you have to lower the FIFO settings one notch each for both receive and send . Unfortunately I was n't able to find the FIFO settings because this modem does n't have access to the `` Advanced Port Settings '' . I have tried to get this modem to work on other people 's WinXP computers to no avail . I 'm still looking for a new modem that actually works in WinXP ... Pros
 Yes the Zoom USB 3090 modem is a fine piece of crap in a small container when it comes to Hyperthreading CPU 's . When it is hooked up and connected to the internet I get 50k + bps connectivity almost everytime . But , whenever the line dies for whatever reason , you have three possible outcomes/solutions
 I bought this modem after reading some positive reviews around the web -LRB- unfortunately I did n't read the reviews here -RRB- . I heard a lot of people had problems with USR modems so I decided to go with this.What a MISTAKE!There are two Zoom 3049 v. 92 modems out there . One is the 3049L -LRB- based on the Agere/Lucent chipset -RRB- , and the other is the 3049C -LRB- the one I 'm referring to -RRB- -LRB- based on the Conexant/Rockwell chipset -RRB- . I just got the 3049 , not knowing what was in the box . I would n't care , except that this modem is totally unreliable.First , the one I got did n't come with a serial cable so be careful - some do and some do n't . The serial cable cost another $ 15 . Second , the previous reviewer is absolutely correct - DO N'T use this modem with WINXP and HT . The `` real drivers '' just crash WinXP upon installation . I emailed Zoom tech support , and they told me to get the beta drivers . These are beta drivers for Win NT and are grossly outdated , not supporting all of the v. 92 features . They 're beta , but they have n't been updated in a couple years . I tried them anyway . I connected at about 40k , and on special occasions , even 45k . Now I 'm using the generic WinXP modem driver . It only supports v. 90 , but at least I can connect at speeds up to 49.2 k.Overall , connections are stable during good conditions , but when conditions get worse , it totally chokes . Sometimes it wo n't connect , connects at 23-31k , disconnects , or just stops downloading while remaining connected.Could be my phone line . BUT , this is replacing an old v. 90 -LRB- originally a 33.6 k modem before upgrading driver -RRB- USR winmodem . I thought hardware-based modem would be better than a softmodem :-LRB- The old USR consistently connected at 50.6 k though , and it could hold a connection better.Doesn ' t look like the silly driver will ever be updated . If you 're a gambling man/woman , give it a shot ; -RRB-
 Please do not buy this modem . The constant disconnects are driving me absolutly crazy ! Zoom could n't figure out the problem and suggested I pay them $ 15 dollars to send it to them . Sigh , look elsewhere . Save yourself the trouble .
 Save your money . This modem does not work with Windows XP at all . It will work with a Linux system . But the modems has problems and should have never been put on the open maket for consumers before these problems where corrected . One star is to high of a rating . Zero would have been better .
 I bought this modem after reading some positive reviews around the web -LRB- unfortunately I did n't read the reviews here -RRB- . I heard a lot of people had problems with USR modems so I decided to go with this.What a MISTAKE!There are two Zoom 3049 v. 92 modems out there . One is the 3049L -LRB- based on the Agere/Lucent chipset -RRB- , and the other is the 3049C -LRB- the one I 'm referring to -RRB- -LRB- based on the Conexant/Rockwell chipset -RRB- . I just got the 3049 , not knowing what was in the box . I would n't care , except that this modem is totally unreliable.First , the one I got did n't come with a serial cable so be careful - some do and some do n't . The serial cable cost another $ 15 . Second , the previous reviewer is absolutely correct - DO N'T use this modem with WINXP and HT . The `` real drivers '' just crash WinXP upon installation . I emailed Zoom tech support , and they told me to get the beta drivers . These are beta drivers for Win NT and are grossly outdated , not supporting all of the v. 92 features . They 're beta , but they have n't been updated in a couple years . I tried them anyway . I connected at about 40k , and on special occasions , even 45k . Now I 'm using the generic WinXP modem driver . It only supports v. 90 , but at least I can connect at speeds up to 49.2 k.Overall , connections are stable during good conditions , but when conditions get worse , it totally chokes . Sometimes it wo n't connect , connects at 23-31k , disconnects , or just stops downloading while remaining connected.Could be my phone line . BUT , this is replacing an old v. 90 -LRB- originally a 33.6 k modem before upgrading driver -RRB- USR winmodem . I thought hardware-based modem would be better than a softmodem :-LRB- The old USR consistently connected at 50.6 k though , and it could hold a connection better.Doesn ' t look like the silly driver will ever be updated . If you 're a gambling man/woman , give it a shot ; -RRB-
 If you buy this modem for the modem on hold feature -LRB- call waiting -RRB- be warned that this feature does not work in computers with Hyperthreading -LRB- HT -RRB- processors with windows XP . The drivers included will not work at all and you will have to install a beta driver available from Zoom 's website to get the moden to work but without the call waiting capability .
 I reccommend that you do not buy this product . When you use it for TV reception , to watch VCR tapes , or to play games with a console system the picture is terrible . You would be better off buying a television for the same price as it would look much better . When I tried to watch any shows the poor picture and color quality along with the distortions on the screen gave me a terrible headache . I returned this product the same day I recieved it as it was a waste of money .
 The drive worked sporatically under WinMe -LRB- sometimes it read DVD 's and sometime it just hangs -RRB- . When I upgraded to XP it stopped reading DVDs and DVD-ROMs but it did stop hanging so the rebooting went away . Samsung does not support the drive and has removed any support information from thier web site regarding it . Even thier more current drives have very little support information . I would strongly recommend against purchasing any Samsung optical drive because of the lack of support .
 I actually have an earlier model Samsung DVD player , and it , along with other Samsung models at the time , had a horrible skipping problem on many DVDs . Samsung 's support was almost non-existant -- I found out there was a firmware upgrade for the player , but not through their website -LRB- where I could n't find any help whatsoever -RRB- , but through a friend with the same problem . HOWEVER , the firmware upgrade did not resolve the problem , and the last I heard , there was a class action suit filed here in Pennsylvania -LRB- which I received an invitiation to be a part of , but could not participate in , I think because I no longer had the receipt -RRB- . Considering their lackluster customer support , I would advise anyone against buying any DVD player from this company . Players are much cheaper nowadays anyway , and you can get an excellent Sony or Toshiba for a modest price .
 If you were to use this for a Toyota Corolla , you 'd be disappointed . Certainly not made for it . The wiring on the corolla is so very different when compared to this one . Probably works well with other cars .
 The code of the harness I ordered is HA10B for my 2009 honda civic . However , what was delivered was HA01B , which is for an 83-85 Honda . I will not be able to return the product anymore since it is already here in the Philippines . I just hope that the people who handle deliveries make sure that they are shipping the correct product .
 I 've had a couple of issues with this modem , specifically dropped connections , and difficulting in getting it to work with a couple of pieces of equipment .1 -RRB- Over the year or so that I 've used this modem with Cox cable , I came to expect a lost connection every couple of hours or so , requiring me to renew the DHCP lease . I had figured that it was spotty service w / my provider until a friend in the same neighborhood got cable modem service , and found it to be rock solid . After spending a few minutes on the phone w / the cable company technician , we determined that signal strength in my area should be fine , and they could find no upstream or downstream issues that should be causing the connection to drop . The other strange effect was that the modem would have to go through 3-4 rounds of negotiation to get sync 'd with the cable . The cable companies conclusion was that it was probably my modem .2 -RRB- My other issue was in using a router/firewall . I had one left over from my previous residence -LRB- where I rented a toshiba cable modem -RRB- . Despite numerous tries , I could never get it working with this modem and Cox . I eventually gave up and ran zonealarm instead . I 've also never been able to get another machine to work with this modem , even with direct connection.After figuring out that the dropped connections were probably coming from the cable modem , I got a linksys cable modem . It 's been rock solid since changing out , not a single dropped connection . It is also more than happy to deal with my firewall/NAT box . I may have had a bum modem , but was n't able to get through to Zoom tech support to figure that out -LRB- spending all day on hold is n't worth my time , when a new linksys was just $ 70 -RRB- .
 We bought this for our 12-year old in December 2005 and just threw it out after taking 0 acceptable photos with it . We already have 2 other digital cameras in the house and have used them extensively for two years so this was not a user problem .1 . 2 crucial buttons fell off in one month . We used a paper clip instead .2 . All photos we 've taken have been orange-cast , dark , and blurry .3 . The on-off switch is malfunctioning . It 's almost impossible to turn the camera off , which means the batteries run down quickly .4 . The user manual has no information on how to correct image problems . We have yet to find any on-line help .5 . Buttons on the camera are tiny and hard to use . Button functions are extremely difficult to figure out unless you have the manual on your knee . Not an intuitive design at all.We had high hopes for this camera and bought it because of a few good reviews and the camera 's sleek design.Don ' t waste your money on this .
 Do n't buy this . I saved up for it during my freshman year of college because I really wanted a camera and I was so disapointed when I received this . I recently gave it to my 8 year old brother to play with . Its too crappy to pawn off to someone on ebay . Dont waste your money . Eats batteries before you can even take a picture and the flash feature is terrible , along with the quality of the pictures .
 I figured a camera this small would be somewhat limited on battery life . With the flash on , I 'm getting a dozen or so photos per pair of standard Duracell AAA batteries . I 've had problems getting the camera to recognize a 128MB SD card - I keep getting a generic `` file error '' . Usually wiping the card fixes the problem . But . . make sure you get a card . If you have the camera hooked up to a PC/laptop via the USB cable ... there go your batteries . And since there 's no plug for an AC adapter , no chance of driving the camera from the wall socket . The stick on the back that is used for zoom and menu navigation is set so close to the case , you have to get your fingernail under it to move it without pushing it down -LRB- which selects the menu option you 're on -RRB- . Picture quality is awful . You might get a 3M photo , but the color is horrible on auto white balance . Time to take a photo after you push the button ... let 's just say that if your target is n't completely stationary , your photo will be too blurry to keep . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 This camera broke after 30days . the flash refused to work even after changing batteries , changing battery brands ...
 It 's cheap , but that 's where the positives end . Very poor picture quality just makes the size meaningless . Yeah , it 's very small and lightweight , but the idea of a camera is to take pictures ... and in several different conditions , the pics we took with this camera were grainy . No matter ho wmuch light we had , still grainy . Very disappointing . I used it for a while , then sold it !
 I recently purchased this camera because it seemed aesthetically pleasing in its design , seemed to have good basic features , and was low in price . After recieving the camera and playing around with it for a day , I promptly returned it . True , the camera was aesthically pleasing and lightweight/small . But that 's really about all it has going for it . As was previously mentioned , this camera does not have an auto-focus feature . You must select between Portrait , Group , and Landscape modes for shooting . This is a small annoyance . The camera is absolutely horrible in low-light situations . And I know , all cameras are bad when there is little light . But this one is very bad . It casts everything it does pick up in a red tint . `` Why not just use the flash ? '' you may ask . The flash on the camera is far too bright , even at a good distance from the subject , white-washing all the information in your photo . There is also no red-eye reduction , which seems to be a big problem with this flash . When you turn the camera on , the flash is off by default . when you turn the flash on , it takes the camera about 8 seconds before it 's ready to take a picture -LRB- at this time a red LED blinks , and the screen shuts off , the camera is frozen for all intensive purposes -RRB- . It takes another 8 seconds between every photo you take . Furthermore - a big problem - the camera uses two AAA batteries -LRB- Energizer brand included -RRB- . This cuts down on weight and keeps the camera small , but i honestly got about 45 minutes out of the camera before it was out of juice . I was really surprised by this . I did n't even use the digital view-finder the whole time -LRB- and the regular view-finder is lacking anyway -RRB- . Another worry is that there is no protection over the lens -LRB- technically there is plastic over the lens , but this can get scratched easily as well -RRB- . The controls are also somewhat lacking . There is a small directional thumb control next to the LCD , but it is so stiff that you ca n't actually press your thumb in different directions . I had to actually dig my fingernail under it and then move my thumb in the direction I wanted . Obviously this camera has some problems.With the package , you get the camera , a CD with some -LRB- probably non-essential -RRB- software , 2 AAA batteries , USB cable , video cable , a carry pouch , and some documentation.Now that I 've looked around more , I realize you can spend less than $ 30 more than you would pay for this camera , and can get a well-made camera by a big name brand at upwards of even 5 megapixels , with all the bells and whistles -LRB- like having audio in your videos , which this camera does not offer -RRB- . I realize this camera is supposed to be marketed toward those who do n't want to make a big investment or ca n't spend that much , but being a poor college student myself , I think you owe it to yourself to spend the extra $ 30 on a product by Kodak or Olympus that is more well-made , intuitive , and will last you a while and give you good quality images . This is , in fact , what a digital camera should do , is n't it ?
 I bought this to take pictures of household construction work , Torture to work the tiny joystick button . Kills your batteries after about 3-4 flashes , pictures are of poor quality on any setting , distance and or set up once you figure out how to work the buttons . I read some reviews on this that stated this was a poor camera , but I figured for what I was going to use it for why not . Wrong choice , DO NOT waste a single penny on this item , if someone try 's to give you one for free , they do not like you . How a product this bad actually made it into production is ridiculous . Just to rehash `` DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA '' it is total garbage .
 Do not . . I repeat ... DO NOT waste your money on this thing . . it is garbage !!!! you have to carry around a stack of batteries just to take more than 5 pictures . There is a delayed second flash so unless you tell everyone your taking pictures of to wait for both flashes your going to get a lot of blurry faces . The picture quality is disgusting and impossible to edit . You ca n't take any close up pictures with the flash on because all you would see is hair and eyes . . I recently used it at a wedding and tried to take decent pictures from 3 rows away but even that failed to produce anything nice . When I took some pictures outdoors everybody including the background was blue ... please save your self the frustration and opt for a more better quality camera . .
 I recently purchased this camera and it appears to be somewhat worthless . I 've bought batteries for it 4 times and have taken a total of 35 pics . The pics I have taken are white washed when the flash is used and blurry . Honestly , a disposable camera would have accomplished more .
 I ordered this thing and they sent the correct package which contained the wrong part . Aamazon was contacted immediately and they sent a new item , however , the new one had the same problem . This may be an issue from the factory ... Order at your own risk .
 The product works as intended but is cheaply made and feels it . While pushing the adapter on to the 4 pin connector , the pins on the adapter began to come out the other side so I had to be careful .
 This is one of the worst purchases I have ever made , electronic or not . The Dolby Digital 7.1 is anything but ; you are lucky to get 3.1 . The rear surround speakers do n't work unless you invoke junky old Pro-Logic . Heck , if I wanted Pro-Logic , I could have spent $ 50 for some ancient receiver with that 80s technology.On top of that , the remote is incomprehensible , as is the manual . It is the worst Japanese English manual I have seen for years . And the build quality is cheap , with plastic-y knobs . For $ 400 , I expect at least some attention to those details . I mailed this back to my retailer and hooked up my old Outlaw again . It does n't have the video upconversion , so I have some more cables to deal with , but at least it gives me honest Dolby Digital 5.1 . Avoid this unit at all costs .
 Pros ; 1 . It does have a very effecient switching power supply .2 . Half the price of ToteVision or Marshall Electronics monitors of the same size .3 . Removeable stand -LRB- see below -RRB- . Cons ; 1 . There are many versions of these 8 '' & 10 '' monitors , so it 's easy to order the wrong one and the model numbers are easy to mix up .2 . The stand is very flimsy . It 's very easy to tip over . You can use a photo tripod to ` mount ' the TV or make a stand yourself -LRB- highly recomemded -RRB- .3 . The ` hue ' control is at it 's far range of ` green/yellow ' . If your image is ` magenta ' -LRB- purple -RRB- you ca n't adjust for it .4 . It uses a very small and fragile connector for the A/V input . Very easy to break the connector and/or the cables with no way of replaceing the plug .5 . Very narrow viewing angle -LRB- as usual for a low cost LCD TV -RRB- .6 . Noise and a wavy pattern with darker images . Shows up on test patterns very easily .
 I purchased this item to monitor `` on location '' video recording applications . The furnished stand is unstable . The video connections on the monitor are poorly located . The viewable range is very narrow and not suitable for this sort of usage .
 I used the HDF Sensor Brush for the first time . I blew clean compressed air against the brush before using it . Not only did it not remove dust from my sensor , it created streaks on the sensor . That is , it left the camera in worse condition than it was before I used the brush . I have sent the camera to the manufacturer for repair .
 One day I will learn that you really do get what you pay for . I went the cheap route and bought this cartridge instead of the real thing from HP and have had nothing but a mess since then ! The cartridge leaks and has made a big mess throughout what used to be the best printer . Now , I get ink smears on every paper I print and ca n't seem to get rid of all the powder ink throughout the printer . Nothing seems to help!I have never written a review ... just could n't keep myself from giving this product a big thumb 's down as I sit here with ink all over my shirt from trying to clean things up inside my printer just to get out a couple of clean pages . Very disappointed !!!!
 The ink is noticeably watered down compared to OEM and does not last nearly as long.However , for the price , you ca n't really complain ...
 I purchased this for my dell laptop because my built in port is four pin and un-powered ... this card seems to solve the problem , but it does n't . You still have to buy an additional AC power adapter . This seems to defeat the whole purpose of having the card in a laptop .
 My Dell XPS M1330 laptop has a built-in FireWire 400 port . I bought the SIIG card to connect a FireWire 800 device . When I installed the SIIG card , it made my built-in FireWire 400 port unrecognizable . I still have n't figure out how to get it back .
 hi everybody , i have an firewire audio card . when i 'm going to used the expresscard the rate transfer was very slowly , so the expresscard was n't enough to supply my audio card . i 'm not recommended this product if you 're finding a fast express card ... be careful , do n't trust in this product ... !
 I did n't like these ear buds . I bought them to replace a set I broke . They were very uncomfortable , and the sound was n't too good .
 The Coby CVH79 Lightweight Super Bass HP headphones has no bass to them what so ever . After having them for a little over a month they started to sound distorted and started to crack while listening to them . The only thing good I can say about them is that they are comfortable to wear . I know they were not expensive at all , but I also own a pair of the CobyCV-110 . They were around the same price and they sound great and are very durable . In conclusion I do not reccomend the CVH79 's at all . They are not worth the few dollars plus shipping you have to pay . Coby products are usually pretty good just not this product .
 Do not buy this one . I bought this because i had to compensate for a few dollars to be eligible for free shipping . This product did not work at all . I threw away the headphones , as i could n't get it replaced .
 Yes it 's cheap . That does n't mean it 's worth buying . I ordered two of these . One seems to work fine . The other only had one working earpiece . I had to send it back for a replacement -LRB- pain in the but -RRB- , and I have to hope the replacement does n't fail too . DAVE says `` be forewarned . ''
 I go through headphones like water . They are forever breaking or getting lost so when I saw these I thought , why not ? Well , they do not stay in place at all . They slide all over and are super annoying especially when you are trying to workout . I ca n't use the ear buds because they constantly fall out of my ears . On to the next for me .
 SO , Bought these for a portable DVD player . Plugged them into said portable DVD player and BOOOM TUUMP BOOOOM . the bass on these is ridiculous . it completely ruins the sound ca n't hear the voices the noises nothing . Only base .
 I ordered a pair of these headphones they where late and the first pair did n't work at all so the sent me another pair and the second pair only one speaker worked so I got my money back I was totally disappointed in the product and will not shop with this company for anything again .
 Worst set of headphones I have ever used . I was n't expecting much considdering the cost of the item , even so I was extremely dissapointed . I know Colby headphones are cheap in comparison with other brands , but this model is seriously lacking in quality even by their standards . The highs almost werent there , sounded like the top of the frequency responce cuts off at about 9000-10000 hertz , the description says they have `` Deep Bass '' , nothing could be further from the truth , I have used ear buds -LRB- Even Colby ones ! -RRB- that had 10 times the Bass responce . Colby should be ashamed of themselves for putting such a poor product on the market ! Since the price was so low I did not bother sending them back for a refund , I simply threw them out with the trash , it seemed an appropriate place for them .
 I bought this to use with one of my mp3 players as a backup set . Well just like my other pair of Coby headphones , the plug does n't fit right and if you do n't hold it just right only one side works . Cheap but Cheap !
 Just got this today . One side of the headphone does not work . I am returning this today with Amazon 's great return policy . Read the reviews , buyer beware . Need I say more ?
 very goood compared to the price . I liked it . Bass sound is not bad , but the part of padding is itchy .
 Purchased two of these headphones , only one out of the two worked . The broken one had a disconnected wire on the right side , and after taking it apart to re-sauder the wire , I saw what poor quality the design was . Could n't fix it and amazon does not accept returns on this item .
 < My first review wrote > Its been just a day and it seems it will last very long I seriously laugh at people who really do n't have a profession in music and spend hundreds of dollars for headphones when a 5 dollar one can do the same ! < 2nd Review > this headphone died after a month of use I ca n't believe it would not purchase again !
 Com ` on folks ... let 's be real here . The Coby CV-H42 headphones may have decent sound for a pair of cheap headphones , but com ` on ... they 're only $ 5 or less . I 've tried them on a non-amplified computer monitior at work , and they sound decent . The bass is average at best . If these have a 40mm driver , then I 'd hate to hear what a smaller one in a Coby set would sound like.I 've also tried them on my at-home 5.1 amplified PC set-up and they distort way too easily . The bass distorts at almost the slightest bit of bass.And I concur with those who say that it 's a roll of the dice to get a good working pair , as the left-speaker in my set is a bit weak.I mean let 's face it ... these are some pretty cheap headphones ... if you want a cheap , but great sounding pair of headphones , you better look to a set in the $ 15 + range . Take for instance the KOSS KTX-PRO 1 Titaniums for $ 18 here on Amazon . They 're sold for upwards of $ 45 at retailers like Radio Shack . And from all the glowing reviews , they 're a hellava set of headphones.I gave this set 2-stars only because they 're decent for a cheap pair , but for audiophiles , stear clear .
 If you buy these headphones do not expect them to , you know , make sound . When you plug them into your computer , the computer does not recognize them . The headphones are basically just model headphones because you can not listen to music with them . If you want to simply look at the headphones , $ 2.99 is a good price . If you want to actually hear music coming from your device then this piece of plastic is not right for you .
 The first time I got it there was no sound at all . Was n't even worth it to return . Waste of money .
 At this price I bought two or three . When I gave one to the kid and a couple months later the headband adjustment tooth broke off , meaning it slops around your head at the largest adjustment . I told the kid I was disappointed , but gave him another pair . I used the third pair , and , stop me if you saw this coming ... the headband adjustment tooth broke off.They 'll go in the drawer in case I need a spare . Might look for some Koss headphones , but they might cost $ 7 ! : -RRB-
 Well you get what you pay for . Sound is ok as long as they are working but the right speaker went out in a couple of months
 insulation cracked in three places within the first month . Minuscule bare wire broke shortly thereafter . Crap . Bought Koss and Panasonic at the same time for comparison . The latter two are good cheap headphones .
 I was n't impressed by the audio quality . Found myself pressing these against my ears to get a little better sound . The cord is a bit flimsy one slight tug was all it took for these to not work anymore !
 i bought 2 they were deffective not worth sending it back for refund of 4 bucks . only one side works sound quality POOR i guess u get what you pay for ...
 My COBY headphones arrived with a short in one ear , which really sucks because the sound is great , loud and clear thats why I always brought Coby headphones in the past but not anymore.I wont be buying COBY headphones anymore !
 I just could n't believe it when my coworker pointed out that there is a fine print on the package states '' there might be lead content on the cord . Please wash hands after using . '' Be real ! We bought the headsets for our elementary school kids to use . Do you seriously think we can have something that has lead content around children or anyone ???? I think someone needs to remove this product off your shelves for good .
 if you want something that will last please do not buy this item . the little earmuffs will rot . i had these for a month or 2 but the ear muffs rotted off .
 Many people -LRB- Like myself -RRB- , see this product and think five bucks what a steal ! I 'm mad because I just threw away five bucks . It has horrible sound quality . The left speaker blew the same day i got it . Save the five bucks and buy a subway or get 10 more dollars and buy a Sennheiser lightweight or an audiotechnica lighweight .
 I received the item from this seller and they were dead !!!!! They were headphones and they did not work . I tried to contact the seller and they never responded . Poor Business . I would never order from this seller again . No respect for the customer !
 I bought a pair of these headphones on march and the item stopped working on april . Then I called Amazon and i got a replacement pair and one week after getting the item 's wire disattached.What you get with this product is CRAP !
 I thought that it mentioned that this headset had a switch for changing between mono and stereo ... I was wrong . Otherwise the head phones are good if you do n't like sticking things in your ears or your ears sweat when you where the old foam ones . These sound clear to me -LRB- but take in account that I am deaf in one ear -RRB- , just make sure you use them in a quite area -LRB- ie . Library , cafe , bedroom -RRB- or atleast places that you want to hear beyond just the music -LRB- ie . the park , the beach , while napping -RRB- .
 They sound fine but I do n't find them to be comfortable at all , too tight and not enough padding on the foam .
 This is cheaply made . The drive after formating constantly needs repair by windows , losing files . Pin works apart in travel . Big and bulky . Like carrying a mag-lite . Good idea , just not well executed .
 great idea , but since 1/3 of the product does not work ... kind of useless to carry a `` pen '' in your pocket that wont write .
 These headphones are just a fake , they are advertised as running headphones but the truth is that it does not even fit well in your ear just when walking . It hurts you ears . I would not recommend this item to anybody .
 I have a whole lotta issues with this printer . Mine has a mind of its own and only works when it wants to work . Occasionally it will try to hit me with , black ink low - even though its brand new . I 'd take it out , shake it , put it back in , then it tells me my color ink is low , even though I just changed both cartridges that week.It also gets violent at times . The cradle wit the cartridge heads will fly back and fourth very violently smashing into each side over and over again until I unplug the thing ... like it is now.I 'll plug it back in to see what happens , but I think the time is right to get a new printer .
 Just received this , Knowing that it was a low end unit , I didnt expect much , for the price I guess they are ok , there was alot of feedback when moving the connector plugged into the unit , might be a short in the plug somewhere , so for that reason It lost a star . I am sure there are better Headphones for the same money .
 IT HAS A NICE SOUND WHEN YOU CAN HEAR IT . CA N'T SEEM TO CONNECT GOOD , SEEMS LIKE THE WIRES ARE LOOSE .
 I had same one before and worked great for the price . So I ordered another one when mine broke . But it took FOREVER to get it this time and when finally it arrived , it was defected . I did n't bother to get it exchanged or refunded but I will not buy this again .
 Noise is big and hurts ears . I only used it a couple of times . And right now , it is already broken
 Cheap plastic construction and even poorer sound quality . I have purchased several Coby MP3 players and been very impressed with the quality of the standard earphones . This volume adjustable `` big bass '' earphone should be ashamed to be named `` Coby '' !
 PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE OR USE THIS ITEM IN THE UNITED STATES EVEN THOUGH IT IS SOLD AND ONLY SHIPPED IN THE US . I PURCHASED THIS ITEM NOT REALIZING IT IS FOR EUROPE . PLUGGED IN MY COMPUTER TO IT AND MY COMPUTER BLEW UP . IT MADE THE LOUDEST POPPING SOUND , SPARKS FLEW AND SMOKE CAME ROLLING OUT . THIS ITEM IS NO GOOD . PLEASE DO NOT PURCHASE OR USE IN THE UNITED STATES .
 As of the day I bought this , early February , 2010 , the Amazon blurb said `` The Back-UPS CS provides professional-grade power protection for office and home office systems . '' and `` These features along with its classic styling make the Back-UPS CS a perfect choice for protecting your important office and home office systems . `` Lulled by this assurance , I did not realize that 230V is not just a harmless part of the name like BK500 or 500VA or even 300W . So I ordered and upon delivery found reference in the literature to `` Valid in Australia only '' . What ?? They have 240 Volt power . I am in the US!So right before wrecking my computer , I checked again . To my surprise , some companies use 220 to 260 volt office equipment in North America and some ship to foreign subsidiaries . So `` 230 volt '' is sold for use here and for export , but average Amazon customers here should be EXPLICITLY WARNED and not misled.Back it goes and the vendor charges a restocking fee plus I pay shipping both ways . Oh , the joy of buying on the internet . Pitfalls abound , even with legitimate retailers . It 's easy to say `` You should have known that 230V means 240 volts before you bought it . '' Well , it did not occur to me at the time and I am annoyed by the careless , deceptive blurb.This product is not made for North American home office systems . Amazon 's description is wrong and misleading.At least I did not destroy my computer . Thank you for nothing , Amazon !
 I saw these headphones for $ 5 here on Amazon and thought I would give them a try . I wanted a pair of closed full cup headphones with a volume slider to remedy a problem with my Rio Volt SP150 -LRB- its lack of decent volume even at 40 -RRB- these headphones are okay I guess , but the sound on them is crap , even if I plug them into my old CD player which has perfect high volume . These will probably make fairly good Computer headphones as PC 's usually put out higher volume than CD players . I guess I 'll just hafta deal with the earbuds that came with my Rio.I could 've gotten the same pair of phones at Big Lots for around the same price , maybe lower , but after S&H ; on these suckers its $ 15 , I should 've been smart and got the Jensen JF 20 's for $ 19 .
 These headphones are first of all too small . If I had ears the size of a mouse I could wear them . Second the sound quality is horrible , they can not hold bass or treble . All you hear is static , and it sounds like the music is playing from down the hall . Lastly the cord is too short and you have to strain if you are plugging them into the back of your computer . I would not recommend these , but they are cheap , really CHEAP !
 I like my alarm clock better than this thing ... Not well thought out , difficult to use , fast forward and rewind do n't `` jump '' back to the point of pressing play -LRB- causing the viewer to miss 20 seconds of his program only to rewind to watch 10 seconds of commercial - why ? -RRB- , `` Series Link '' feature way too difficult to use -LRB- compared with TiVo 's Season Pass -RRB- , etc , etc , etc. I have been a big fan of DirecTv up to this point - Too bad they made the decision to walk away from TiVo and force this dinosaur on their customers . I hope that the HD DVR will be a quantum leap forward .
 This is a horrible product . We are on our third . The rewind does n't work right . The whole system crashes often . Sometimes shows wo n't record . I could go on and on . I wish they would just ship me one of the old tivo 's , they were so much better . It has gotten to the point where I am so annoyed about this product that I may go back to cable !
 This Directv 's first attempt at creating a dvr . Previously they used TiVO 's technology and branded it with their name . We purchased one when our first dvr looked like it was failing and we 've been sorry ever since . The software to run the dvr is overly complicated : * It 's hard to switch between favorite lists - requires about 5 steps . * In a season pass , selecting only `` first run '' episodes makes no difference - they all record . * Also in a season pass , the dvr will decide on it 's own which episodes to record - and not inform you . For instance , it will record every practice , qualifying , Busch , trucks , and Sports Car broadcast , but not the actual Nextel Cup event itself . * The delay between screens can be up to 10 seconds after pressing a button on the remote.When calling for support on these issues , we 've been told that they know about all its problems , that they 're all software related , and that a fix will be at least 2 months in coming.I do n't know about Directv 's other dvr , but we will be replacing this dvr with an older one that WORKS , shooting it with a couple .45 rounds , beating it with a sledge hammer , boxing it up , and sending it back to Directv .
 A major fumble on DirecTV 's part . I rated this as one star only because ` none ' was not an available option . This DVR has the most complicated software interface that I have ever used , not to mention the highly unreliable hardware that needs constant -LRB- daily or oftener -RRB- re-booting . They could not possibly have tested this using real customers or users of the TiVo DVRs . The older TiVo units were reliable , user-friendly devices . This ` newer , better ' technology , as was described to me by the sales staff at Best Buy , is a badly designed and unreliable piece of useless metal and plastic . Do not buy DirectTV DVR technology ever -LRB- or at least until they re-design it so that it is even better than TiVo , and only then after thay test it thoroughly using real people -RRB- . I returned my first , second and finally my third unit and demanded a TiVo technology replacement unit . I received a 70 hour TiVo unit -LRB- 30 hours less recording time than the original DirectTV DVR -RRB- but I was so relieved that I did n't care .
 I have been a loyal directv customer for 6 years and have sung their praises ... until now . This box is the slowest , most frustrating , useless piece of technology ever thrust upon consumers . If it werent for my contract I 'd go with comcast ! They have poorly copied TIVO - and really put together something that just doesnt work . You cant flip between the two tuners , the fast forward/rewind is not easy to use , it takes multiple clicks to get to the list or guide , you cant prioritize recording easily , the season pass doesnt work , and its SLOW !!! Oh , and who thought it was a good idea to put the IR for the remote in the BACK !!! Go on ebay and buy a directv tivo unit ...
 Worst replacement ever it sucks hard to navigate , horrible season pass , slow operating system I just plain hate I may have to buy tivo ... . DONT DO IT SEND IT BACK I got mine for free want to buy it Im selling ...
 All the other one star reviews have summed up the flaws nicely , it is full of maddening bugs and malfunctions . However , Directv users really have no choice , they have to buy it anyway . Recording the direct digital signal and being able to store full resolution undegraded recordings is still your best option , even with this wretched piece of junk . Thankfully , it was only $ 99 which reduces the pain .
 As a loyal , and `` preferred '' DirecTV customer for many years , I find it disgraceful that they 're allowing a product that performs this poorly to have their name on it . Since my very reliable Samsung lost a disk drive 4 months ago and DirecTV informed me I had to return the DVR that I bought myself for one of theirs , I was misled in trusting that their DVR service and hardware would be equal to or better than what I had been using for about 3-4 years . Hardly . Since this thing has invaded our home like a colony of ants , I have to reset it routinely , constantly miss programs that I 'd scheduled to record , and dealt with literally hundreds of strange bugs in the software . Whereas once , DirecTV was one of the best companies I 'd ever dealt with as far as customer service , they are completely uninterested in dealing with this problem.They must be taking hundreds of phonecalls every hour with complaints about this shoddy and overhyped product.Shame on them !
 If one had never seen or owned a DVR , this one does record programs you ask it to and when it works also provides the crystal-clear picture DIRECTV is famous for . Based on my initial experience -- -LRB- 2 out of 3 new DVR units failed within 24 hours -RRB- I will be getting my 3d HD box in two days , I can tell you that if you 've owned a TiVO equipped DIRECTV box , you will never be happy with these.I owned the Samsung Series 2 TiVO boxes for DIRECTV before on our non-HD TV and last year bought DIRECTV 's own HD-TiVO model -LRB- which was great -RRB- , and they have been loyal , trusted friends for a total of 7 `` machine years '' . They operated intuitively , perfectly , without fuss or complaint , and their simple operating system was the envy of my friends who had other DVRs . Our 20-year old bedroom TV blew , and we got second new HD TV , and I needed an HD-DVR for DirecTV and leased their HD model . The first one the installer brought would not power up right out of the box . Luckily there was a second receiver on his truck , and he installed it and got it working right in about 4 hours . Then , 3 hours after he left , we suddenly began to lose channels . Called DirecTV and got tech support -LRB- good tech support -RRB- . Turns out that this unit is defective too , so they are sending us another one in two business days . In the meantime -- we get just a few channels we watch in the bedroom.During the HD-DVR fiasco , I let the DirecTV technician talk me into replacing my legacy non-HD TiVO for $ 100 . Big mistake ! All of those TiVO features are not there . You basically just have time recording features , but if you do n't tell it what to do , it is a `` stupid '' machine and does nothing . I can not tell you how many times in six machine years , one or another of our TiVOs recorded a program on its own that we would have been disappointed to have missed -LRB- and either we did n't know it was coming on or did n't know to watch at all -RRB- . We could let them totally manage our television viewing . In fact , we grew so dependent on our TiVOs that we really never gave much thought to what else was on TV . On or another of the 3 TiVOs got it all.If DIRECTV wants to make more bucks by marketing their own cheaply-produced DVR receiver , I have no problems with that , but I do not know why DIRECTV has done its customers the disservice of abandoning TiVO receiver DVRs , but in my opinion it is a terrible mistake to force me to choose between TiVO and DIRECTV.As much as I like DirecTV 's programming , picture quality , and everything else , I will quit them at the end of my lease agreement , unless I can have TiVOs back -- on ALL my TVs . So -- if DirecTV reads this -- wise up and make nice with TiVO and offer their units as an option OR make a better DVR.If you have to upgrade a DVR for HD with DirecTV , I would recommend you find a used or new-in-box TiVO unit on E-bay or the Internet . If you are used to TiVO , you will not be happy with this DVR -- even when it works flawlessly .
 This is absolutely the worst piece of electronics ever to be manufactured . We have had to get a VCR to make sure our shows get recorded , because this one locks up so much . We called DirecTV technical support . They had us reset our box and lose all of our recorded programming only to still have problems.Additionally , DirecTV nickles and dimes us to death . We are stuck in a two yaar contract because we got this horrible DVR . Boy , do I miss cable !
 The software that runs this product is full of bugs and DirectTv does not know when the problems will be fixed . This has been going on with our service for nearly a year . Run away !
 But I 'm sending it back to Direct TV with few regrets . Locked up often , was hard to navigate through recorded material , and to top it off when it quit receiving the international channels before the warranty was up Direct TV wanted me to pay $ 77 for a tech to come out and look at it . Thanks but no thanks .
 I am on my 4th box in 6 months . When my contract is up I am going right back to cable . I wish I had read these comments before I signed a contract with them . Direct TV is very difficult to deal with and this DVR is the worst product ever produced .
 Just like many of the other reviewers - I HATE THIS MACHINE ! Even my child asked to have `` our old TiVo '' back ! This experience is bad enough to turn me off to DirecTV completely -LRB- I 've been a customer for over 10 years !! -RRB- . DO NOT get this machine !! Does n't matter if it is free ! It is better to pay for a TiVo that actually works well .
 The Good : * The image quality is great . It 's difference between a capture card and actually saving the digital signal is huge.The Bad : * Max of 4x forward and reverse * Ca n't jogg to some arbitrary time code for a recording , you can only fast forward . * No 30 second skip * Frequent lockups * Non-intuitive User Interface * All actions are slow , dvr is slow to respond * Actions like play may get queued up , so you wo n't be able to stop a fast forward where you want * Does n't respond well with a sketchy harddrive -LRB- software is not robust at all -RRB- * Some recording are unplayable , the dvr get 's stuck on a bad sector or something . * Incredibly slow boot up time * Has problems using phone connection for PPV orderingThe Ugly : * DirecTV dls shows to your dvr you did n't subscribe for and wo n't let you delete them . The eventually expire and are removed , but you can not remove them yourself .
 I HAD DIRECT TV 10 YEARS AGO . SWITCHED TO DISH NETWORK BECAUSE THEY WERE N'T OFFERING SUPER STATION FEEDBACKS LIKE KTLA AND WSBK BOSTON . AND THEY STILL ARE N'T OFFERING ANY OF THESE STATIONS AS OF TODAY . I SIGNED BACK UP WITH DIRECT TV THIS WEEK OF DECEMBER 27 , 2007 THROUGH A PERMOTION FOR A FREE SHARP 19 INCH HDTV WHICH I NEED.NOT SURE HOW LONG I WILL STAY . HOW LONG I WILL RETURN THISCRAPPY DVR UNIT BACK TO DIRECT TV AND COMPLAIN ABOUT THE MANY FEATURESTHAT THIS MACHINE LACK COMPARE TO TIVO AND DISH NETWORK DVRS UNIT.FIRST OF ALL , DIRECT PLUS DVR IS SIMILAR TO THAT OF SCIENTIFIC ATLANTA CABLE DVR BOX . BOTH UNITS WILL SHUT DOWN IF YOU MISSED PAYMENT . THEN YOU ARE OUT OF LUCK VIEWING YOUR DVR PROGRAMS WHICH YOU CAN NOT ACCESS FREELY . ON THE DISH PLAYER 510 FROM DISH NETWORK . YOU CAN DO THAT EVEN IF YOUR SERVICE IS CUT OFF . AND IT IS FREE TO WATCH . NOT SURE HOW IT WORKS ONTIVO SINCE I DO NOT HAVE ONE BUT PLANNING TO GET A HIGH END ONE SOON.THERE ARE CERTAIN PROBLEMS WITH DIRECT TV DVR PLUS THAT I HAVE TO ADDRESS . DIRECT TV PLUS IS VERY HARD TO NAVIGATE . INTERFACE IS NOT SIMILAR TO DISH NETWORK . NEED TO IMPROVE THE MENU LIBARY.I WOULD N'T RECORD LENGTHY TV SERIE SHOWS USING THIS MACHINE.I WAS TOLD BY A CUSTOMER SERVICE THAT IF YOU REMOVED THE SATELLITE CABLE WIRE . IT WOULD N'T WORK ON IT 'S OWN . MEANING IF YOU WANT TO WATCH A DVR PROGRAM . YOU CAN NOT DO SO ON IT 'S OWN ! BIG MISTATKE ! WITH DISH NETWORK . YOU CAN WATCH PROGRAM EVEN IF YOU REMOVED THE SATELITE CABLE WIRE FROM THE BACK.YOU CAN NOT DO THAT WITH DIRECT TV PLUS . IT WILL RESET ITSELF OR GO BACKTO THE ORIGINAL STATE ONCE YOU PLUG BACK THE CABLE IN . MEANING ALL DVR PROGRAMS ARE GONE OR ERASE.FOR PEOPLE WHO ARE SUBSCRIBING TO DIRECT TV . GET YOUR OWN TIVO BOXES AS BACKUP IN CASE IF THIS MACHINE GOES BAD OR YOU DO GET CUT OFF FOR NON PAYMENT . I WOULD SUGGEST GETTING THE HIGH END TIVO UNIT RETAIL AT $ 600.00 . IF YOUR SERVICE DUE GET CUT OFF OR AND UNFORTUNATE SITUATION HAPPEN , THEN YOU 'LL HAVE A BACK UP OF WATCHING PROGRAMS FROM ANOTHER SOUCRE LIKE TIVO . IF YOU DO LOSE ALL YOUR PROGARMS , IT WOULD BE DIRECT TV FAULT OF WHOEVER ENGINEER THIS CRAPPY UNIT . THIS UNIT IS NOT SUPERIOR TO TIVO OR DISH PVR UNITS FROM DISH NETWORK . THEY HAVE A LONG WAY TO GO IN MEETING UP WITH TIVO AND DISH NETWORK STANDARD.Bright side of this . The DIRECT TV remote control are UNIVERSAL . Very easy to program which work great for my SONY TV and Panasonic DVD Video Recorder . I 'd just order another one .
 This is absolutely the most inefficient and frustrating piece of electronic equipment that I have ever owned . Any comparison between this and TiVo is pure `` BULL '' . Directv 's technical staff to every question is to `` punch the Red reset button '' and hope that it solves the problem and if that does n't work disconnect the power and allow the unit to reset completely . I had a TiVo for years with little problem . When I received the NEW improved Directv model , it did not work and was replaced , was charged $ 55 for replacement which was credit some time after Directv received.WHEN BACK TO MY OLD OUT OF DATE TIVO ... IF YOU WANT A UNHAPPY EXPERIENCE , TRY ONE !
 I agree with all that has been said before . Before reading these reviews I thought the problem with my unit freezing and needing to constantly be rebooted was that it was a rare lemon . I have had a Samsung dvr for years and have had flawless service out of it , and it is a dream to operate . I leased this second DVR for other household members and found it impossible to program and quite clumsy in operation . Why do I need to push the guide button twice just to see the channel guide ? Why is it so slow in opening and changing operations ? I canceled the lease , but Directv in it 's usual incompetency has not bothered to pick it up . I offered to drive 40 miles to deliver it to a retail store and they refused because it had to sent by FedEX .
 This is by far the worst piece of junk made . It worked for about 11/2 days and died . I lost the NFL 's game of the year ! It just freezes up all the time and when it does you lose all recordings that are not saved . Waiting for dumbrectv to send another . The only reason I got this from them was after 3 HD boxes dieing in 2 months . I did not want to try another . Look where these things are made at - south of US border , do I need to say more !!! If it were n't for the NFL Sunday ticket I would have gone with DishTv.Come on Amazon - Choice between 1 - 5 stars - how about 0 - 5 , because this is defiantly a ZERO ...
 The Direct TV DVR died this morning . After putting up with this DVR for quite some time much to my husbands displeasure it finally died . Hubby is so happy right now as he has HATED the thing with a passion since we got it . He misses the TiVo that we use to have and loved but also died.He had bought a couple of used Direct TV TiVo 's from a friend with plans on putting in a larger hard drive and getting a TiVo back up and running . Now he 'll be able to do this.When you get a Direct TV DVR you do n't own it , it is leased . Even though I had to pay $ 100 to lease it and then another $ 5 a month . Direct TV will only replace THEIR unit if you pay for a $ 70 service call and it is deemed a qualifying reason that the unit broke -LRB- whatever that might be -RRB- . Do yourself a favor and buy a used Direct TV TiVo it is by far more superior .
 I am adding my two cents just to vent . I 've had seven technicians out to work on my system and the thing still doesnt work right . I have been a loyal Directv customer for over 10 years but I am about to give up . They are basically beta testing these crappy boxes with their customers .
 I never write reviews but I must for this product . I HATE this dvr . My R10 Direct TV w / Tivo died last week . Customer service told me that the hard drive was bad and I would need to lease a new unit . Was not told of the possiblity of replacing the Hard drive . My `` new '' unit appears to have been sent back to them already as the remote buttons are used . If you have not used TIvo this would probably be a step forard . TiVO is far superior . the new User interface is horrible . I have experienced all of the described problems , you ca n't `` series link '' two instances of the same show -LRB- Grey 's anatomy on ABC and lifetime -RRB- . Am sending it back to Direct TV . I finally found one with TIvo on ebay . I hope that Direct TV goes back to Tivo or I will probably leave after my commitment is up . I have loved Direct Tv for the past 5 years , but am very disappointed in this beta test on customers ! If I did n't have to send this piece of junk back , I am ready to destroy it -LRB- it 's that frustrating -RRB- . I agree with the advice to either fix your Tivo or find one on ebay .
 Do as I did . Comb the net , Ebay in particular , and snap up as many Tivo/Directv combo boxes as you can . The Tivo interface is far superior , the boxes have very few problems . And if nothing else , you can give Directv time to work out the bugs with their own DVRs .
 WARNING
 I went from Tivo 1.0 to this ... . I thought that 6 years of tech advancement would give me wonders . It feels like it was put together as a high school science project.It 's horrible .
 Thank goodness we still have our TIVO machine . This one was free for being a good customer - I sure am glad I did n't pay for it , I would be righteously p -- d.
 If someone is considering purchasing Direct TV you should do some research before doing so . They have the worst equipment , which constantly malfunctions and/or breaks down . Worse , the customer/technical support is as bad as the equipment . They try to prolong your suffering as much as they can with partial fixes until there 's no option left and then they replace the faulty equipment.The remore/receiver relationship is as bad as a bad marriage - complete disconnect . It frequently malfunctions and freezes , making changing of channels a great ordeal . Today , my remote is not working at all and has developed this magical spell which is - the image disappears completely . You call customer support , there is the usual machine thingy telling you what to do ; you do and nothing . You call back in an attempt to reach someone in tech support and voila ! they hang up on you . Not once or twice but so far 4 times . You try to reach them through the forums on the website . Guess what ? it doesn ; t work either . It has been an hour since I tried to contact them and so far , nothing.So if you were made to believe their commercials and I have to say the programming is good - if you can access it - take into consideration their claim of `` excellence '' in customer support and think twice before purchasing it . Do some research and check which of the companies are best rated by customers for their equipment and above all for customer and/or technical support
 Yes , I am going on my 5th DVR in less than a month . I have no clue what is wrong . I recently relocated my DVR from my bedroom to my DEN . When the tech came out and installed it , the DVR was working fine . It was a refurbished unit . Two days later I come home and I hear this high pitched sound ... the fan in the back of the unit is very loud and spinning very fast . I try turning on the unit and nothing happens.I call direct TV and they send me out another unit ... I install it and 1 day later the same thing happensI call direct TV again and now I am assigned a case manager . They tell me they will send me a newer model DVR -LRB- a black one as opposed to the silver ones I was receiving -RRB- It comes ... and for 2 days everything is ok . All of a sudden the fan comes on again and this time the unit cycles itself on and off over and over again ... total malfunction . Can not do anything with the DVRI call direct TV again and they send out a MASTER TECHNICIAN who has been doing this for 10 years . He give me a NEW -LRB- NOT REFURBUSHED -RRB- DVR . Works great for 4 days and now the same thing ... fan is in `` hyperdrive '' and unit will not turn on.I call direct TV again ... and they are going to send someone out again . THey briefly tell me that it could be the way the line or dvr ? is grounded . I have no other electrical problems coming from that outlet and my REGULAR NON-DVR receiver works in that location ... I verified that already . It 's only the DVR . What is going on ? How will this situation be resolved ? I am going on my 5th DVR !! Obviousely it can not be the DVR . Is it the way the tech made the installation ? He ran two wires from the dish and ran it on the exterior of the house ... drilled a hole in the CBS block and fed the lines into the DEN . Pretty standard stuff . How come the regular receiver works though and the DVR 's crash after a couple of days ?!? I am totally perplexed . Help !
 It is the worst product and service you can find out there . Want to hear more ? Here you go . . Try to cancel the service and you will be really upset with directv ... It does not matter if their DVR works or not -LRB- it does not and directv tech support will tell you exactly that -RRB- , but if you want to cancel , directv will charge $ 480 . . And does not matter if you say the reason is because the DVR does not work , actually is a piece of junk -LRB- what they already know -RRB- . My experience has been so frustating that I decide to pay for the cancellation penalty and go with Dishnetwork.My problems started within days of the installation . After few times calling the tech support and each time spending between 1/2 to 1 hour on the phone , resetting the dvr and following the techinician 's instructions and listening to excuses that the directv 's engineers were working in a new design , I told that I wanted a technician to come to my home and see what I was going through . Guess ? I was told it would cost me $ 72 for the visit . And after threaten to go to court they told me that they would charge me $ 72 and would reimburse it in 6 installments . But instead of having the charges reimbursed I have got an extra $ 5 + monthly charges for a protection plan , which I have not signed for . I called to complain about not being reimbursed and having the new charge . But so far I have not been reimbursed and the protection plan still appears in my bill ... -LRB- By the way if you read directv reviews in the web , a lot of the complaints are about overcharges and the impossibility to recover them -RRB- . It 's been 10 months that I 'm going through this hell and I had enough . The penalty will not stop me from cancelling the service -LRB- by the way the penalty is pro-rated , but do n't waist your time talking with directv customer service about that . They will tell you it is $ 480 . They try to discourage you from cancelling using the high penalty -RRB- . . If you 're in the same position as mine , I would encourage you to not be intimidate by directv 's unscrupulous business practices.I 'm putting a formal complain with Florida 's BBB . Also , I 'm telling to world my BAD experience with DIRECTV ... If I can prevent at least one person from signing a contract with directv , and surely , go through the same HELL I 'm going , I think it 's worth ... My advice ... STAY AWAY FROM THIS COMPANY . THEY ARE NOT PROFESSIONALS . SO DO NOT THINK THAT ONLY THEIR EQUIPMENT IS LOW QUALITY . ALL ABOUT THIS COMPANY IS BAD ...
 We recently got DirecTV after seeing their ad blitz for 75 HD channels . They brag about their `` digital picture and sound , '' and their great customer service.The truth is the only way to get digital picture and sound is with a HDTV and an HDMI . Their picture is actually worse than the picture we got with Comcast . Not to mention there is no two year agreement with cable , no picture loss when it rains , you do not have to pay for `` leased equipment , and you do not need an ugly dish hanging on your house.When we purchased our most recent HDTV , we figured we would replace the DVR we had with DirecTV and get an HD DVR to replace it.DirecTV told us we would have to pay $ 299 for the privlige of leasing their receiver from them . In addition to this we would have to pay $ 50 because we were a new customer `` and had not established a credit history with them . '' Also , we would have to pay $ 20 for shipping and handling and extend our contract for another two years.Maybe DirecTV thinks it is in the cellphone business because all they want to do is lock you into long-term contracts and make you bleed money to them forever . Their symbol should be a ball and chain because that is what they really are . Cable here I come !
 I upgraded to a used direct tv dvr . I 've had the same problem 2x 's Shows that I record get garbled and end early . Direct tv sent a repairman the first time since it was under warranty . He told me to unplug the electrical and coax lines . Worked the first time , but not now . I am not impressed !
 I went through 3 of these and they were all junk . The first one worked for about 1 month . The second one worked for maybe 1 day and the last one did not work at all . If the first one fails they will send you refurbished models . This was a terrible experience and I spent hours on the phone wasting my time .
 First let me start out by saying that these headphones sound excellent for the price I dont think I 've heard better in this price range , Great bass and you can hear everything clear.Now on the the bad news , I bought these phones before a long roadtrip , I listened to them for about 2 hours and when I took them off I screamed in pain . Why ? Well the phones were nice enough to dig into my ears and they were sooo red , they did n't stop hurting for like a half-hour . GREAT SOUND BUT THE MOST UNCOMFORTABLE HEADPHONES EVER MADE !!!!
 These headphones are ok , but nothing real special when you compare them to others in their price range.The main issue is that the curved headband is made out of very cheap , flimsy plastic . On my set , the headband broke after 3 months of use and rendered the headphones pretty much useless since the ear cups will not longer snugly fit on the ears.The sound quality is decent , but nothing that would really make you go WOW!So , the low rating is mainly for the flimsy construction .
 These are 100 % useless headpohone . They are too loud . I have to buy another headpohne Either Sony MDR-v150 or Sennheiser HD 202 Closed Headphones . Save your $ 15 by not buying this crap .
 I know this is a good product , we have many in our office . However , this is a little ridiculous as it will only run on 220V . This product has been a complete waste of my time !
 This laptop does not fit for 15.4 inch laptops.I am saying this because , my laptop TOSHIBA S300-S2503 does not fit inside this bag.I can say that , I am under loss ... If possible please take back this item and re-fund me the amount paid .
 Replacement Battery Cartridgefor The Su1400rm2uAlthough ad claims by `` APC '' it does n't appear that the item I received was the OEM battery ... stickers are for `` ABC '' - close , by not APC . I have n't installed yet , but do n't be fooled like I was . Returns are a hassle , so I guess I 'll keep it . I hope Amazon does a better job of policing this supplier in the future .
 The photo depicts OEM APC battery replacements . I paid more for this item because of it . Others offered third party batteries , for less than this product , but since this item depicted OEM parts , this is the one I selected . BIG mistake . First , the packaging was horrible . Neither the internal or external boxes were sealed , by the time they arrived . Then , I found out that I was shipped third party batteries -LRB- a couple actually had APC stickers placed over top of the third party vendor 's label -RRB- . The worst part is that Amazon will not accept batteries as returns , so I 'm stuck with this very pricey knockoff .
 i do n't know if i was using this product right , or if it missed something in the directions that i read five time , but this seems to do absolutely nothing . nuff said
 I ordered this one specifically because it was listed as an APC Brand Replacement Battery . I received an American Battery Company battery , but I ordered it for a critical UPS that was almost dead so I had no choice but to keep it . I 'm not a happy customer .
 I ordered this specifically because it was shown as an APC product . The seller sent an ABC -LRB- American Battery Corporation -RRB- battery which is an inferior product compared to the APC battery -LRB- less amp hours -RRB- . Do not buy if you are expecting an APC battery . Also , you can buy an ABC battery for less from someone else .
 I 've had my Slvr for one week and was extremely careful , but I managed to get a slight scratch in it and a couple smaller spyder web scratches below the bigger one . Neither of them were deep , at all . I could barely feel the bigger one with my nail . It was caused by a small ring I put in my pocket for no more then 2 minutes . Anyway I taped the phone off very carefully and started small . I rubbed very hard . Little to no results . I then applied more displex and rubbed harder and longer . I tried this for over 20 minutes rubbing about as hard as you can . The smaller spyder scratches are gone but the bigger one is as clear as ever . In fact , it 's even more noticeable now that the damn screen is so polished up .
 I had previously used Displex on an older phone with great success . Now I had a small scratch on my -LRB- relatively -RRB- new K800 . I got the polish out and started rubbing - IT COMPLETELY MESSED UP MY DISPLAY ... Now I probably have to buy a new display or get a new phone ! I do n't know if they use another material in the new displays , but I would suggest being careful with this product !
 I do n't know what to do !!! I Did everything the directions said and now I have more scratches then ever on my brand new phone !!! Now I have to save up to busy a new LCD screen , Thanks alot Displex !
 I had small scratches on my pda so I went for this product.I was careful at first because it is touch screen I am dealing with . but I had no result after 3 tims of following the instruction . So I went mad , applied lot rubbed as hard as I could until I could no longer do it because the pain I am feeling on my hand . the pda screen is still the same as old , not even light scratches are gone . but my fingures are very worned out and shiny from rubbing on the cloth too much .
 Bought and used these for a little while until the device where the power cord connects into your cd player/ipod etc came apart . Very poor wiring and not made to last . It has a little plastic cover over the the connection device and came apart very quickly with just a little jostling .
 I received these headphones yesterday thinking I had finally found a good pair for the gym . They look nice , but after only 2 minutes of trying them out I realized that I had wasted all of my money.The problem is not the sound quality of the headphones themselves , because they sound fine . The frustrating thing is that the things that are supposed to go in your ears do not stay there and instead pop right out once you take your hand away , meaning you can only barely hear the music . It 's like trying to listen to a song in another room throug a wall . So , unless you do n't mind having to hold them in your ears with both hands the entire time you listen to your music , these are pointless . Did they even test these ?! Also , if you plan on doing anything at the gym that involves a bench , the behind the head design of these is horrible , as the head band will hit the bench and get pressed upwards making you look and feel like an idiot . It is hard to describe , but just trust me that these were not meant for lifters.Such a frustrating design ! Please avoid these headphones at all costs !
 What did I expect for $ 14 ? It was OK at first . Occasionally only pinching my ears where the two plastic pieces joined . Then it started making some weird humming noise . One day it made a loud pop , and gave me some sort of electric shock through the eardrums . Luckily , it only took one motion to rip it off my head and toss it in the trash .
 These were a present for my son and he used them one day and they stopped working in the middle of listening to a song and we could n't get them to work again . I was very disappointed . If I knew that they would match the price to the quality then I would have just went to the store and bought a cheap pair that would have lasted longer .
 HEADPHONES ARE VERY LOW . THE MATERIAL LOOKS AND FEELS VERY CHEAP . WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE THAT HAS A STUDIO . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 They feel like they are going to break . and when music is played with them it sounds like pure s *** . Its a crackling sound so loud you cant hear what your listening to . HORRIBLE BUY !!!
 Sure , if you use the general definition of studio monitors then you can call these studio headphone monitors . A baby monitor , monitor sounds too . But being able to accurately monitor a mix and make sound decisions is not something this will be able to help you with.A weird things happens when you place these in your ears . A wind tunnel feeling traps the sounds and splits them apart in weird places . The bass sounds like its coming from behind you and the mids are surrond and too loud . Or I 'm not sure what the problem was but some sounds sounded farther away.I did n't want to hassle with a return so I started to get used to them but my ears started feel like there was trapped air after just limited use . So I 'm returning these just so my ability to hear quality sounds does n't fade.Pros : Cheap $ Has some clarityHas dedicated volume knobs per earcomfort was n't an issueCons : very low . needs a volume boostweird sound split effectweird bassfeels like they would break easilyUpdate
 The headband -LRB- it is adjustable -RRB- cracked and one of the volume controls became noisy . The sound is good and it 's very comfortable .
 These headphones are not very good . Very cheaply made -- one ear does n't work unless you wiggle the cord around . The sound is okay I guess and the volume knobs on the actual headphones are nice for recording music in our home studio but the quality of these headphones is VERY low ...
 These are n't the type of headphones for the hardcore music lover , to say the least . However , I thought they would at least deliver some type of punch , with the size and all . I was willing to go with out the sound quality that a more expensive pair headphone would 've have , as long as these would have delivered some type of punch . Guess what ? ... no punch whatsoever , and I have a really solid sound card that would make any other crappy headset sound like money . These are perfect for older people who do n't like alot of impact when listening to music .
 When people review headphones they oftentimes write that they hear things in music with those headphones that they never heard before . With the Coby CV320 , I had the opposite experience
 You get what you pay for . I bought this for my daughter to use in Media at school and she hated it . It did n't cost much , and because of this , it 's not even worth the expense to return . Next ...
 I was hoping these would be better than the ones I currently had . They work they same , which is good enough , but they are too big for my head . They keep slipping off my head :-LRB- Not much I can do about that ... I just ca n't find head phones that fit me .
 I bought these for my small kids to listen to movies on the plane . They do n't care much for earbuds . The sound on these old things are horrible . Keeping in mind that the plane can be hard on the ears for sound qulaity . You get what you pay for . : -RRB-
 Bought for a classroom . I bought 6 for the listening center , all lasted about one week . The cord that goes to the ear piece easily can be pulled out . I have first graders . Not worth the price if you have more than one child going to use them .
 The lowest quality headset I 've ever owned , but what can you say for $ 2.00 . Just save that $ 2.00 and put more $ $ $ with it for something better .
 Saved money but the headphones are worthless to me . Lousy sound and nothing can be done about it as the price was as cheap as you can get . . better luck next time .
 I bought this item as a gift for my husband . After 21/2 months , we thought we finally had it figured out . But just this evening , it erased the latest disc when my husband plugged it in to try and finalize it . It just displayed `` Disc Access '' for several minutes before shutting itself off . When he was finally able to get it to come back up , everything on it -LRB- our sons ' track finals and talent show -RRB- was gone . I definitely would not recommend this product as it is too tempermental and difficult to use , not to mention the heartache caused by losing precious moments such as the ones we lost today .
 After 4 months of light use the Hitachi DZ-GX3200A -LRB- a camera that appears to share many components with the 3300 -RRB- it decided to start giving disk errors , resulting in the loss of all video of my daughters first birthday . It will format and start to use the disks , only to show a disk error sometime during the recording . I have be unable to recover ANY data from the disks after an error occurs.I live in Houston , TX and the closest repair facility is about an 1.5 hour round trip . And because only parts are covered by the cheep-o warranty , it would cost me $ 75 in labor just to have an estimate done -LRB- applied to the cost of fixing it if I go forward -RRB- . So now I have to decide
 This is a terrible product . You can barely film indoors because the lens limits wide angle filming . If you ca n't get at least 15 feet from your intented subject , you will be limited to filming their head . ALERT *** You can only use Maxell discs !!! Other disc might intially work , but will fail when you try to format them . This is not mentioned anywhere in the manual . Strangely enough Hitachi owns Mawell . Hmmmmmm ???
 This camera has only 90 days of warranty , Yes brand new and only 90 days.After waiting months of browsing and research on what would be a good DVD Camcorder for our Family moments I have wrongly choose Hitachi because of the price and the nice feature of the 3.3 Mega Pixels ... whatever.It was my daughter 's recital and I tape all the event but when I tried to take a picture and returned to camcorder mode the Access light was flashing and then the disc became corrup the the camera ask if you want to repair but ohhh surprise the disc became with no data like blank .3 times happen and the I realize I need to call service and gues what it was only a day after the 90 days of warranty so If I want to get my camera inspected for any defect I 'll need to pay 85 usd plus labor plus parts.Don ' t choose wrong think twice .
 I own a previous model Hitachi DVDCam . I have had several of my DVD 's become corrupt and unreadable after I had recorded -LRB- and viewed -RRB- several videos on them . I called Hitachi and after a LONG phone call was basically told that I had bad luck and they were sorry . It is a porblem with the DVD itself and they do not stand behind the DVD 's -LRB- because they are from a different manufacturer -RRB- . My only option is to contact a data recovery service to get back my hours of lost video . Looks like that will cost me about $ 200-400 for two discs.I understand that they do not make the DVD 's , but their cameras use them . If I can record my videos on to them , I should be able to see those videos again . The only way to use their DVDCams are to record onto DVD 's ! Save your money and frustration and do n't risk losing your precious family memories !
 That pretty much says it all : One of the ear cables just straight up broke off the main cable after two weeks . Nuff said . Do not buy .
 two days after i got the coby headphones , the right ear stopped working . I think the product should be recalled , since I never see it at Best Buy or Circuit City .
 Worst headphones ive ever purchased !!! they absolutely SUCKKK . ! iVE PURCHASED MANY HEADPHONES ONLINE BUT THESE HEADPHONES IVE PURCHASED WERE THE WORST . !!
 There is a Warning Label on the product stating that this product has LEAD on it & that you must WASH YOUR HANDS AFTER EVERY USE ! Complete waste of money . LEAD is dangerous can cause medical issues . Avoid this product .
 it lasted 1 day . was unable to return d product also ... DONT BUY AT ALL even if it 's free . .
 I purchased a bulk amount of headphones for my daughter as she goes thru these things like water . Each one was damaged , she 'd have to hold the wires in place to be able to hear as they kept `` shorting out '' . They really are terrible quality and I would n't recommend anyone purchase them
 I bought 3 of them and they all broke already . Just cheap headphones , that is what I wanted . Well , I got that . Why am I complaining ?
 Worked and sounded fine , but only lasted a week before they broke . Really did n't expect too much at this price , but should have put the money toward a better headphone ... a week is worthless .
 ok for non-critical vocal listening , do n't even consider for more than background muzak-type listening , lasted all of two days before left channel lost triggered by cord snag while walking . not built with durability to handle kid glove level abuse .
 I bought a few sets of these headphones to use in my classroom with mp3 players at a listening center . They do not work . Students are constantly frustrated that the sound cuts in and out . The headphones work occasionally , but you have to twist the jack around slowly , and my students are not all able to remember or do that . Other pairs of headphones work fine in the mp3 players , so I know it 's the headphones that are the issue . I will not buy these again for work or home use . Next time I 'll spend a little more money for quality .
 they were great when first purchased , but have recently quit working ... I have never owned headphones that went out in less than 2 months of owning . . wouldnt buy them again .
 This are the worst pair of headphones , I have ever used . Its not even been a month and minimally used , still the right-hand side part of the headphone has stopped working . I would never recommend this product .
 Like my other review that should have been 1 star , these headphones are 1 tiny step above the others in terms of their abibility to last a long time , they only work out of one ear and are not long hair friendly , only buy these if they are less than a dollar .
 We bought 30 or so of these headphones for our after-school program 's computer lab . After only two months of use , almost 2/3s of the headphones have stopped working . They might sound okay before dying but it does n't much matter when their lifespan is only a few weeks .
 I was plesantly surprised at the sound quality of these headphones . It is rich and full and you can pick out a lot of different insturments across the tonal spectrum . They perhaps do not look the best and do not have the best comfort . But well worth 5 stars for the price . I am going to be using them at work , and they were an excellent choice.Update 11/17 . My original review I have left intact above . A couple of weeks ago these developed crackling , then one side went out entirely . In spite of multiple efforts , that side has remained in-operable , hence the new 2 star rating . I wanted to leave the above review here , because , any product is capable of having some that end up not working for long . But for most of the products I buy that is not my experience . So I wanted to update what happened with mine and for whatever it is worth that was my exprience with the smallest possible sample size of 1 .
 I keep buying this brand and they keep stop working on me . After two months of very gentle and careful use , the sound on one side disappeared . Very frustrating ... I am planning not to buy this brand again and would not recommend this product . You basically get what you pay for .
 I agree with the other reviewers that the accuracy of the scanner is very good . However the software locks up after scanning for more than ten minutes . I downloaded and applied the latest patch and tested it on both a Windows 2000 and Windows XP pc , so I do n't think it is a client problem . What is worse , I tried repeatedly through email and phone to contact support and got no response . If I had to do all over again I would not buy this product .
 a very poor quality product . I wish I could get my money back . you would do better to buy a proper scanner and ocr software .
 just not what I thought it would be . I expected the pen to pick up the words of each sentence as I scrolled it across the page.It seemes that the button that is compressed to turn on the light just does n't want to work all the time.half way across the page the light turns on and then it reads a few words and then the light goes out and you end up with half a sentence.After much frustration by my adult daughter , she laid the pen down and started typing the information.I 'll wait to make a final judgement after I get to try it , but I did try it for about 5 seconds when she was frustrated and it seems to not function like they say it should.Not totally impressed with this item .
 I strongly discourage you from buying this product . Driver did not install on my brand new Windows XP system . My husband , who is a professional Microsoft Systems Engineer with all the possible Microsoft certifications and 15 years of Windows experience , could not make the driver work . Customer support in US does not respond to any requests . Headquarters in Belguim does not answer the phone during working hours . I wish I saw all the negative reviews on Amazon before throwing money on wind !
 The pen works well for a while but then , it crashes Windows XP :-LRB- I also tried it on a mac and it often does n't recognize the device at all ! Moreover , I tried to get some driver updates and I could n't find them . So , I wrote their customer support people , they replied once to get some more info about my settings and then ... nothing!If I could return this pen , I definitely would !
 The iris pen scanner says that it needs a USB port and CD drive . Unfortunately , they failed to mention that most USB drives do not have enough power to run the Iris pen 's scanner . I tried 2 computers and called technical support 3 times . Each time it was the same story ... not enough power . I told them that I had a brand new , expensive computer with only 2 other USB devices hooked up and he still said it was n't enough . Anyway , I had to return mine and I would highly suggest looking for another product because the Iris Pen Scanner does not live up to its claims .
 I too read the reviews and took the risk ; and I too , am sorry I did . My pen will be back on it 's way tomorrow for a semi-refund . I was extremely disappointed with the IRIS Pen Express . Not only can you NOT scan text that is single spaced , but when you do , it suddenly creates a new language that resembles something like a child who just came up and started punching keys on the keyboard . You can use a piece of paper to cover the next line down , but I still got errors . Scanning is not new to me either , nor are electronics in general . I work with them for a living , so I am confident the error is on the half of IRIS Pen . I gave myself an easy two hours trying to train myself to holding it right , etc. . No luck . Speaking of which , it 's also hard to hold the pen at exactly the right angle ... it wo n't work right if you do n't . You also have to scan in a perfectly straight line almost ; easier said than done , trust me . I was using the pen on a desk , on a flat surface ... I even used their `` test sheet '' and could n't get it to input the right words more than 50 % of the time ... it was just gibberish . It takes longer to correct the mistakes in the middle of a sentence than it does to type the whole thing out . The application does input data directly to Word as promised ... but data does n't mean `` correct data '' ... it just sorta puts in whatever it thinks you scanned . I would guess my overall accuracy rate was not better than 40-50 % . This is actually my first real negative review . I took a risk , and I payed the price . I should have listened to the other reviews here . Hopefully I along with some of these other folks will spare you the trouble of this device . Do n't waste your time or money . You can buy a larger scanner , and scan faster with OCR , or heck , even type , that use this device successfully . Hopefully they 'll eventually produce a more accurate product .
 First , upon installation you 're warned that the product has not passed Windows Logo Review , so even though it says `` Supports Windows XP '' on the box , you 're cautioned that the software may destabalize your system.Second , unless the text you 're scanning is triple-spaced , it 's pretty much useless . It scans one line at a time , so after calibrating the proper line and fixing OCR errors , you may as well have typed it yourself.Third , if you 're buying one from CompUSA , DO N'T . Three words
 Before I purchased this product , I read the Amazon reviews . There were fewer of them than now , but the opinions were just as polarized . Based on the content of the reviews , I decided that the product was probably OK and that the problems resulted from a lack of technical skill on the part of the users . Wrong.All I 've been able to wring out of the IRIS pen is two lines of text printed at about one character per second followed immediately by a system crash.I emailed for tech support . Silly me.IRIS tech support does not exist . My first email went unanswered ; my second got a reply that said they were having trouble with their email server , so try again later . Weeks later my third try produced an error message indicating email could not be delivered to the listed address.Something else they do n't tell you is the pen only works off a POWERED USB port . Plug it into your keyboard or piggyback it off a port extender and you get nothing . In my case , I had no extra ports and had to buy a $ 20 powered hub , only to produce the shoddy results reported above.IRIS is quite good , however , at flooding your email with ads for more of their schlocky products.The IRIS Pen may possibly work if you somehow fortuitously have the necessary configuration of hardware , memory , and operating system already in existence . If you do n't , IRIS wo n't be there to tell you what that magic combination is or to help you get the pen to function .
 I agree with the reviewer of 06/17/04 that wrote `` I too read the reviews and took the risks , and I too , am sorry I did '' . The only positive item was that the installation of the software and hardware was sucessful . After that everything was downhill.Following is a litany of the problems I had : -LRB- Note the past tense -RRB- 1 . Pen Calibration locked up the OS on the first attempt . -LRB- My hardware exceeds the recommended hardware list . -RRB- 2 . After obtaining a calibration the pen read one word sucessfully and then switched to gibberish .3 . Thinking that operator error was the culprit I generated a document that was triple spaced with both large and small type and tweaked every setting one at a time but still only got about 20 % accuracy .4 . The firmware/software seemed to have an inability to read repetitive items correctly . I would get one or two sucesses and then the pen output would go to gibberish .5 . I tried reverting to the simplest text editor , NOTEPAD , butobtained the same results .6 . The firmware/software even had trouble with two letter groups . The letters SO -LRB- for Sunday Only in newspaper parlance -RRB- was consistently read as the word so in lower case .7 . I have extensive troubleshooting experience in computers/electronics and I think the output of the scan test reveals wherein the problem lies . The scan test raw optical output always read correct characters but the recognition by theOCR firware/software produces corrupt output.I would recommend against purchasing this device
 Because of the reviews I had to try these . I am so NOT HAPPY with these and will send back . The sound is NOT GOOD , and volume is low . If you jack them up it ca n't handle it . I honestly can not believe you like the sound on these . I love Koss but not these . If you want a portable GREAT sounding set for about the same price , try Koss KSC75 Portable Stereophone Headphones . I have had 2 pairs for about 5 years or more . One pair bit the dust but that is because I used them mowing and kept getting caught in my cord and pulled it one to many times lol.The sound on these are deep rich and super . I dearly love them . The only downside to them is they do not fit close enough to the ear but work great under a bogen hat lol . They do not hurt your ears at all with only tiny sound leakage.If you want to get a higher end FULL SIZE over the head pair get the SONY MDR-V6 for about $ 62.00 . They are AWESOME ! Only bad thing to them is the heavy cord but your sitting anyway for those they are not portable . I wrap them around my speaker , but I would use on a plane etc. also.If you guys think the sound is good on these your going to LOVE the above recommended !!!!
 Most of the reviews on these head phones looked pretty promising , so I decided to go ahead and purchase it . However after two months of use the left speaker on the headphones stopped working . In addition to that , the cover that holds the foam in place -LRB- soft part that goes over both ears -RRB- is ripping and exposing the foam on both sides . I definitely do NOT recommend this product . Buyer beware . To break down in such a way is absolutely unacceptable . This is unfortunate , as I am outside Amazon 's one month return policy and because of the price I got it for , shipping it in for a warranty claim would not be worth it . This was probably what Koss , the manufacturer , counted on anyway.If you are looking for headphones that would last for more than two months , I would recommend looking somewhere else .
 The sound quality was alright , but the sound came through very quietly -LRB- perhaps due to the length of the cord ? -RRB- My main issue with the headphones was that it seemed the jack was slightly too small , such that you hand to press it in the socket to get a clear sound . I 've stopped using these headphones due to that issue .
 It worked but do n't expect magic or anything . The size of the mike would have been fine for a 2nd grader . I found myself having to shout to be heard . It was ok , but i found a better one later for the same price
 Okay , I realize I did n't pay a mint for these things , but they 're Koss , so I thought they would be `` better '' . The sound is pretty decent if your willing to hold them against your ears . The clips seem to hold the speakers too far from your ears , so it ends up sounding `` tinny '' . The clips tend squeeze your ears after a period of time , and it begins to hurt . Short periods tend to be okay , but after a time , it 's painful . Overall , I 'm not impressed and would n't recommend these to anyone .
 There was a good discount by amazon and I decided to try this model . Previously had koss earphones but different ones.Lost of money . Problems with sound started on the third day . Mechanical problems on the fifth . Had to throw the to the litter after 10 days .
 I just bought this and a portable speaker system to use with my MP3 player . When i opened the box , they looked like pretty good headphones but when i tried to put them on , i realized that it wouldnt actually `` clip '' on . It had the clip , but , unlike other models that i have had before this one , it wouldnt click open and shut . I paid $ 10 for these . This is half the price of the Portable speaker system i got which was only 20 . Hmmmmm ... . Anyway , it did hav pretty good sound when i held the thing up to my ear , which is why i gave it a `` 2 '' star instead of a `` 1 '' . Overall
 I found this headphone set to be inadequate for MY needs , the cord was a bit short and I really needed a 90 degree connector . The most unappealing thing about this headphone set to ME is the clip that holds it on your ear , it is a fixed plastic tab that was uncomfortable . The speakers had adequate low frequency response when held snugly against the ear but the plastic tab loosely held the speaker in place rendering the base response less than adequate.With this said I was still going to give them a 3 star rating because my son thought they were OK but this is not my sons review , it is my review so MY judgment must stand , I unfortunately did not like them .
 the clipper is fixed and very tight and it can not be rotated at all . It is a bad Clip-on design headphone .
 Sound is excellent but the ear clip-ons are bulky and pop off - ultimately not popping back on.Prefer Panasonic for use over ears . I do not like ear buds because they do n't fit my ear opening well - Over the ear phones work just fine !
 I 've owned several types of clip on earphones in the past decade and this is possibly the worst I 've tried . First off , the clip does n't swivel . It 's a static piece of plastic without a hinge . This makes it difficult to put on my ear -LRB- maybe I have big ears ? -RRB- . This also makes it tough to put on the clip with one hand.On the plus side , when it does go on it 's clipped on tight and does n't move . One thing that sort of made up for the uncomfortable clip on mechanism was the really cushy foam speaker . The foam cover on each headphone was soft and yielding , so it made the fit quite snug without feeling like my ear was being clipped off . Still , I prefer the looser fit and easy-on convenience of a hinged clip . Other models of clip on headphones strike a better balance of being easy putting on , staying on , and staying comfortable.The sound quality is my biggest problem . I listen to a lot of spoken word audiobooks and podcasts on my commute to work . The sound seemed muffled and quiet even when I maxed out my ipod volume . When listening to music , the sound had pretty strong highs and decent lows , but the mid range was a bit soft . Again , I had to max out my ipod volume to match the same loudness i get from 50 % -70 % volume with other headphones . When walking down crowded streets the surrounding noise often drowns out what 's playing in these headphones.Finally , the bulk of these things is another issue . They 're significantly larger in diameter than other clip on headphones . If other headphones are about 1.25 inches across , these are about 2 incheas across . At their thickest point , they 're about 3/4 of an inch . There are much thinner clip ons out there . Panasonic has a slim model -LRB- which used to be about $ 6 on amazon but has gone up since they 've been discontinued -RRB- that 's a much better size , sound quality , and clip style.I 've only had these headphones for a couple days now , but i have used them enough to know that i do n't like them . I will probably return them and try a different pair . I 've had better luck with Sony and Panasonic . If you like a really snug fit , do n't mind a bulky headphone , and do n't mind a quieter headphone with good highs/lows then these might work for you .
 Unfortunately , this battery does n't work at all with my MBP . The battery arrived fully discharged and wo n't take a charge at all . I left it charging overnight ; nothing . I 've rebooted , power cycled the computer , nothing . Time to return it .
 The speakers do n't stay snug against your ear canal , and the ear clip is uncomfortable . Bad design .
 I 'm glad I did not pay much for these , because I threw them away after two uses . I bought them to save space in my carry-on during my last vacation . I should have stuck with bigger ones that worked better . I could not get the bud to stay in my ear , even the over-ear clip did not help - these things are made for people with HUGE ears .
 I was hoping these would be decent for wearing while running but I 'm already really disappointed after listening to them for five minutes . They have no bass . They do n't come close to the random Sony earbuds I have sitting on my desk at work - even when plugging into my laptop 's cruddy headphone jack the difference between them is huge and unacceptable . Without bass they just accentuate the flaws in compressed audio.Ergonomically they might be comfortable , but I have n't logged the time to tell . They certainly feel like they 'll stay on through most activities .
 I purchased the product because I am hard of hearing in one ear ; I use a digital hearing aid in that ear . My Gateway Notebook computer deos n't put out enough volume when I 'm watching and listening to a movie on it . So I looked for headphones that have volume adjustments ; this one had the beter reviews and was reasonably priced . Bottom line
 I am somewhat disappointed with these headphones , based on the reviews I was expecting better , but they seem cheaply made and flimsy , I feel like they could break really easily . They are also surprisingly quiet , on both my computer and my ipod I have to turn up the volume almost all the way on both the device and the headphones to get reasonable sound out of them , and I do n't have hearing problems . They also just kind of fall off my head if I look down . The sound quality is okay , but like I said , they are pretty quiet , I would n't recommend these to anyone , you 'd do better with a pair of ear buds that you would pay less for .
 IN TERMS OF THE AUDIO THESE HEAD PHONES SEEM FINE , ALTHO I PRIMARILY USE THEM FOR BOOKS SO THE QUALITY OF TONE MATTERS LESS THAN IF I WAS USING THEM FOR CLASSSICAL MUSIC . THEY ARE A TRIFLE BULKY EVEN WHEN FOLDED.BUT AFTER ONLY A FEW WEEKS OF USE , I FOUND A CRACK IN THE COVERING THAT EXPOSED A WIRE . I HAVE COVERED IT WITH ELECTRICAL TAPE AND THEY ARE WORKING FINE RIGHT NOW , BUT WHO KNOWS FOR HOW LONG . MY HYPOTHESIS IS THAT THESE PHONES WERE MADE SOME TIME AGO AND THE RUBBER/PLASTIC WIRE COVERING CRACKED WITH AGE ... BUT WHAT DO I KNOW ???
 Thought they were fine , but the headphones broke in half at the top after maybe five uses , and I was n't rough on them .
 Item never arrived . Was moving and needed item on time . Seller would not respond to my email attempts . I had to order camera from other seller . Fortunately , Amazon stood by the claim process and promptly had my money refunded . I still trust Amazon , but not the store who posted this camera for sale . Thank you Amazon for standing by your reputation . : -RRB-
 I got this camera free , and I 'm still disappointed . If you are looking for a vacation camera , then by all means , buy this . Its basic enough that anyone can use it.But if you want to do any kind of art photography , this camera is worthless . honestly.you can not manual focus , you can not change F stop and shutter speed manually . you CAN change ISO , but that ruins the pictures by adding way too much grain . this camera barely pics up any detail in far objects , and , as i said , it ca n't focus on ANYTHING.its a waste .
 My daughter received the i733lp as a Christmas present and was very excited to own her own digital camera . This camera performed well initially only to have the LCD screen unexpectantly go blank . Since the camera does not have a view finder , the camera is unusable should the LCD screen fail . As the camera was only a few months old , we contacted Polaroid to have the camera repaired under warranty . After incurring the cost of shipping the camera to the designated repair site , we were contacted by Polaroid and told that the warranty does n't cover the LCD screen . How can that be ? I reiterate , the camera is unusable without an operational LCD screen.I have owned several digital cameras manufactured by Nikon and Canon and have never experienced any problems with their products . You have many many choices available when picking a point and shoot digital camera . Do n't focus solely on the performance of the camera when making your choice . It is just as important to know that the manufacturer will stand behind their product should problems come up . It is for this reason that I implore you to not waste your hard earned money on a product manufactured by Polaroid .
 Bought one for my ten year old . First few days it was fine . Then all the pictures had a purple tint . Sent it back for a replacement , which gives a `` card error '' when I insert the memory card . -LRB- Tried two 4GB cards and got the same error , but no errors on an old 2GB card . -RRB- Turns out that it can only use cards 1GB or smaller ... pretty weird for 2009 !
 I bought this as a replacement camera ... my daughters broke my easy share . I thought it was okay at first . However it does the annoying double flash , pictures turn out way too washed out and bright no matter what and it is a battery sucker ... and it is a little heavy for my taste , kinda bulky.Pros ... it has a rubberized outer shell , if you drop it no biggie and if it floats around your bag . . no scratches.only pro about the rubberized-ness is that I had the camera in a new leather bag with black lining and the color transfered on to the camera , I have no idea how to get it off.I am upgrading once again and hopefully for the last time to a Nikon and giving this to my 5yr old .
 I bought these headphones because of the quality Koss has provided me in the past . Five years ago I purchased the Koss UR-20s and just now they are going out which is one of the reasons that I am deciding to buy a new pair of headphones . The UR-20 has both quality sound and comfort . I expected these to be the quality of the UR-20s in both sound and comfort . The picture listed sizes it to be about the size of the UR-20s which surround the ear completely . These do not unfortunately which is very misleading.I have been looking for wireless headphones as I move around a lot and the wires can be bothersome . I went to Radio Shack to test out a pair of wireless headphones . I received less interference and quality in Radio Shack -LRB- Which as you can imagine has plenty of interference . -RRB- with a pair of headphones that were of a lesser value . These headphones produce a heavy hissing sound and dull quality on a low or high volume setting near and far from the receiver . The sound quality is very dull and sounds as if it was coming from a pair of headphones you would buy at the dollar store.I am very disappointed with the quality of these headphones as they were quite expensive and from a reputable company such as Koss . I do understand that wireless headphones will produce static . I am surprised that the static is as bad of this . I also do understand that when you buy a product online without seeing the actual item first hand you are taking a risk.I called Amazon and I was told I can return them , which I will as long as I cover shipping costs . Very disappointed with the headphones ! I am off to Radio Shack tonight to buy the original wireless headphones I looked at for $ 20 cheaper .
 gave my son this as a christmas present and it didnt work . but the clink clanking it made sounded great , if cd players are suppost to sound like that .
 I ordered this charger for my Canon Powershot SD400 camera . The charger is not made for this camera . The battery did n't fit at all . This charger is for a smaller , thinner battery !
 While these sound great , they are two heavy and squeeze your head to tight causing aches under extended use . trying to loosen them up makes them fall off easy due to the weight .
 First time I plugged them in , they did n't work on the left side . Checked my system with another set of older headphones , and my system worked fine . Sent them back , and was charged for a new pair before I got them . Would not recommend these to anyone ...
 I spent a lot of time researching headphones before I bought these . They had a strong reputation and were in a very good price range . I have a nice NAD C 370 Amp that I planned to listen to these through and was very excited . Looked pretty nice right out of the box and plugged them right in and commenced to playing some of my favorite jazz that I have listened to many times . The bass was rich and deep and nicely detailed . The midrange was a little flat and for me , the treble was abysmal . I felt like I was listening to these songs through a sheet rock wall from the other room . Perhaps it is my amp , which is known for having a very uncolored response , not flavoring the sound with much of anything that is n't there , which is added to a set of headphones that is flat in their imaging that is causing my disappointment . All I know is that I have had the NAD amp for five years and would n't trade it for anything . These headphones went in the box and back to the dealer .
 I thought I was going to receive a purely quality product when I ordered my Koss Pro 4AAt 's . They never seem to fit perfectly to my head which is an average size . There not as loud and definately not as punchy as I would expect for a 60 + dollar headphone . Should have bought the fake sony 's . they are dripping with plastic parts and the earcups of course feel plastic and cheap . The gold plating is nice but a detachable cord would have been a great add on . overall not impressed will probably upgrade to AKG 240 's
 I have a 20-year-old pair of Koss Pro 4AA headphones that are unkillable . Love 'em , but they 've seen a lot of use and do n't sound so amazing anymore . So I thought it would be smart to get the new 4AAT because I would be getting brand new phones with new technology along with the quality and reliability I had come to expect from Koss.I had the new PRO4AAT 's for a few months and thought they sounded great . They have excellent room isolation and a solid , heavy feel . Then the headphones fell off a table -LRB- onto a rug -RRB- and the little hinge on one earphone broke right in half ! It 's made completely out of plastic and to me it 's ridiculous that a supposedly `` Professional '' level headphone should be so brittle at such a crucial location . Especially given how heavy these phones are . I mean , it 's only like 1/8 '' inch of plastic with a tiny metal pin through it . I would n't be surprised if this originally WAS designed in metal , then got changed to plastic to cut costs . Then they put a silvery finish on the plastic to make it look like a metal piece in the ads - which it should be!It would be one thing if they intended them to just break here , if this part was easily replacable , if the phones could be easily disassembled and repaired . But everything is extruded plastic and I could n't see any way to get these apart without breaking off some little plastic tab.My old 4AA 's have a much simpler design . The phones are mounted in a curved-metal spring clip that fits into holes on the earphone cup and can easily be removed and replaced . They can fall 10 feet , bounce , come apart , whatever - you just re-assemble them and off you go . Seems like a tried-and-true , infinitely better design than the current newfangled and fragile one.I 'm very dissapointed with this purchase and feel that I was misled by all the rave reviews here , none of which mentions this important vulnerability . I think it 's reasonable to expect a piece of `` Pro '' gear to survive more than one short fall to the carpet . Headphones in a recording environment fall all the time - why does n't Koss build 'em to take it?Do the research and buy something else - do n't be fooled by the sleek looks and solid weight in your hand - or the word `` Pro . '' These headphones broke so easily it boggles my mind . They certainly are cool-looking , and I guess at the new lower price they might be worth the risk - but do n't ever drop them or you 're out 80 bucks.I sure am glad I had my 20-year-old pair as backup . Maybe I can take the new speakers out and retrofit them to the old pair ...
 The sound is good , but the plastic construction is not very solid . One side has already broken , and the other one is about to break as well . After one side breaks they are trash . They have been in use for 24 months in an office setting .
 The Koss Pro4AAT headphones are quality headphones , but sounds weak when driven through a regular headphone jack from your receiver or tv . To get the great sounds that everyone else seems to rave about , you really need to run these headphones through a headphone amp . Also , the ear pads are of a vinyl-like material which does n't breathe well , making it uncomfortable to wear for extended periods . I 've read that leatherette pads are available , but so far have n't been able to find them . The warranty alone is great , but I would n't recommend these headphones unless you have a headphone amp .
 So ... I got these things about 10 years ago when they tended to still sell right around $ 100 . I thought at the time anything that cost $ 100 would have to be good . For the time that I used them and the reference points that I had at that age -LRB- I was then a teenager -RRB- - it seemed like the headphones were really quite crisp and accurate sounding . I enjoyed the huge amount of ambient isolation that they provided though they were kind of a monster to drive -LRB- very power hungry -RRB- . The years came and went and I kept them around while buying nicer and nicer monitoring -LRB- headphone -RRB- toys to play with ... Fostex T50RPs , AKG 141s , AKG K700s , Beyerdynamics , Sony V7506s , etc. , etc. , etc. . Eventually , I realized something interesting the longer I had the headphones ... They actually suck . The image and stereo field is cramped into the middle of your head , the bass feels undercut and lacking all the time -LRB- which is even weirder considering how much of a seal they create against your ears -RRB- , the things are relatively freaking heavy and uncomfortable , the cord is too short , and the sound is weak and simply not realistic in representation . For $ 100 headphones ... they were pretty much garbage in comparison to even modest buys like the AKG 44s -LRB- which are extremely popular for very good reason -RRB- . You would be better off making mixes on a pair of Koss Portapros to be completely honest . These headphones -LRB- what , with all their `` titanium '' coating and that nonsense -RRB- really fall flat on their face , and not in a frequency response ` good ' kind of way . They simply fail.Anyone who thinks other wise needs to immediately go out and find the nearest guitar center or hi-fi shop and start actually comparing similar price headphones through a decent headphone amp . Most anything costing a Benjamin will sound a least a couple times better and be multiple times more comfortable than these things will ever be . Only headphones I 've ever had where one of the drivers eventually died on me . The one saving throw of these things is of course the lifetime warranty . That 's it - the one grace that things allow . You would be completely foolish to buy it on that merit alone however.Don ' t get them , they might have been okay 10 years ago and to someone who 's only ever heard their world through bose and cheap earbuds ... but believe me , that 's really not going to give you a good standing point to judge things by . At least pick up a pair of the AKG 44s if you want something really decent for the money and do n't look back .
 After wearing these for only about 5 to 10 minutes , the pain starts setting in . I acknowledge that this is n't going to be experienced by every user of this product , but the pain I experience from these headphones is central to how I am rating these headphones.I do enjoy the sound quality -- if you get the plastic-y ear pads to seal against your head with moisture on your skin -LRB- disgusting , right ? -RRB- you can essentially create an enclosed space where bass can reverberate and they sound incredible.Everybody has a differently shaped head , so I might just be one of the unlucky few who will experience pain from these headphones.I spent months trying to adjust them so that they would n't cause me pain , to no avail . They simply always cause me pain , and if I leave them on for longer than 20 or 30 minutes , it becomes a sharp excruciating pain . The real flaw in the design is that they are so heavy that the ear cups do n't press horizontally against my ears ; the very top point of the headband drags down on a single spot on the top of my head.So I learned :1 . I probably have a pointy head2 . Perhaps pointy-headed people should n't wear heavy headphones.Sorry , Koss .
 I bought these about 6 months ago and one of the speakers blew out just a few months later . It 's just happened again . I did n't drop them . I do n't subject them to any kind of unusual punishment , I even keep them in the little black bag they came in . I like my music loud , maybe a little too loud , but no more -LRB- and probably less -RRB- than your average guy . While I 'm confident Koss will replace them , it 's not worth the hassle of shipping them out every few months . But I 'm going to milk their lifetime guarantee anyway - because if you 're going to sell me a bad product , you 'd better be willing to pay for it . That , and I 'm not up for buying a $ 70 pair of headphones any time soon .
 I 've owned Koss headphones for 40 years , I even had some of their Quadraphonic ones back in the days of Quad and their great HV-1 's which I sorely miss after some lousy jerk stole them ... The Koss Pro4AAT 's I have were a factory replacement for a set of Pro4X/Plus that were replaced under Koss ' lifetime warranty program ... maybe I should be grateful , but I really have not found these ` phones to work well for high fidelity listening.To assuage some assumptions about the operating conditions and quality of gear which has been mated to these headphones , let me assure you that I tried them with several different dedicated headphone amplifiers , both tube and solid state , and directly from the headphone jacks of tape decks , CD and SACD players , all in an attempt to get them to deliver their best sound . Nothing I did ever raised the Pro4AAT 's sound quality to even the level of a cheap set of Sennheiser PX-30 's or 40 's , much less something on the level of Grado SR-80 's , which consistently outperform the Pro4AAT 's in bass , midrange , and treble.I pretty much only have time to listen well recorded music , mostly classic rock , jazz and classical , never any MP3 's , and have pretty decent analog and digital gear ... such as a Sony SACD player , Teac reel to reel tape decks , an old , but very good sounding CD digital setup with a Philips CD-80 , and a Home Theater PC feeding it 's digital output to an Audio Alchemy DTI 2.0 and that feeding a DDE 1.2 HDCD DAC ... my Linn Sondek has the Ittok LVII arm , cartridges range from Benz woodies to Ortofons , to , well , just too many to mention here ... all these are fed through an Audible Illusions Modulus 3A preamp ... the ASL headphone amp is fed from the tape loop output of the AI ... current headphone amplifier is a tweaked Antique Sound Labs MG-Head OTL MkIII DT ... main speakers are Martin Logan Aerius-i electrostats ... cabling is Wireworld , Cardas , etc. . . power cables are Shunyata ... I vary between tube and solid state amps powering the ML 's ... To give a comparison to something else in the Koss line , I have a pair of the JR-170 wireless headphones . This set of ` phones have good quality bass , treble and midrange , roughly comparable to the Grado SR-60 's and SR-80 's , and allow me to hear the differences when I make small adjustments to the vertical tracking angle on my Linn Sondek , for instance ... unfortunately , the Pro4AAT 's are so obscuring of the signal coming from my headphone amp that only the very grossest of misadjustments are able to be heard . I hear many of the small treble effects , like `` chiming '' on guitar strings , to be just flat gone , and forget about hearing any texture in the music ... these things are great homogenizers of what ever is fed them ... kind of like MP3 's at even the highest bit rates corrupt the sound in comparison to the original CD , DVD-A , or SACD sound quality ... I am older so clean and clear treble is a necessity for me , any distortion in this region reduces listening enjoyment and leads to fatigue ... but , the PRO4AAT 's do n't even seem to reach that high and what treble that is present is greatly lacking in clarity and extension ... which is a problem that I do not have with the aforementioned PX-30 's or the JR-170 's , much less the SR-80i 's , SR-125i 's , or SR-325i 's from Grado that I have listened to extensively.I even proved this to the 23 year old musician son of one of my best friends ... we compared the PRO4AAT 's to the Grado SR-80i 's and he felt like the Koss were just broken in comparison ... he was very impressed with what he heard from the Grados when connected up to my headphone amplifier with NOS European tubes from Mullard and Amperex ... this is even though the Grado phones have to go through the output transformers rather than operating without them in the circuit as the Koss can ... and yes , the suboptimal sound of the Koss do improve a bit when used without the transformers in line ... The bass , which should be good , is not . It is loose , bloated , and lacks pitch definition and detail . It lacks punch , and just generally sounds bad . Once again , the cheap , cheap , cheap Sennheisers I mentioned before actually outperform the Koss here ... but , the cheap Senns are n't really that good of ` phones in the grand scheme of things , but work out well as gifts to younger folks wanting something better than their ubiquitous earbuds ... I 've had these Koss phones for a couple of years now and did have them spend many hours -LRB- well over 100 -RRB- alternating between using burn-in disks and playing music , yet nothing I have done has been able to make these phones sing ... But , there is one use for them I have found that is just great ... and that is when I use them with my Ham Radio gear ... it does n't matter whether it 's TenTec , Yaesu , Collins , or Drake , the Koss phones work well for Ham Radio usage ... in this instance the lack of high frequency clarity and extension actually comes as a benefit with the kind of noises we have on the HF bands . Their comfort allows me to listen for long periods without feeling like they are going to fall off or that my head is in a vice ... the closed back design keeps the noise in my head and not out in the house , and that makes SWMBO much happier!And that is the only reason why I will keep them , not for their intended high fidelity use , but for their actual lack of fidelity and their effectiveness in my Ham Shack . But , only after I send this pair back to Koss and see about exchanging them for another pair that does n't sound so lousy.Should a replacement set of the PRO4AAT 's end up sounding better I will edit this review to reflect that ... should they not , then I will also report that .
 This company does not lose market share because of lack of interested buyers , willing to pay for American products . They lose it because of lack of quality . This is the sad conclusion I have reached after having owned and used several Koss headphones : Pro4AA , my father owned this in the 70s , and they always got the wow !!! s.SST10 They were just ok , well , the hinges broke within 2 weeks of use.PRO4XL They were good , until one channel decided to go mute ... it was not the wires . Sent them back to Koss for warranty repair . They lost them , claiming they never got them , but after they cashed the check with the shipping and handling fee they required . The check was in the same package as the headphones.A130 Replaced the lost PRO4XLs . Amazing clarity , good basses , fantastic imaging , would forget I had them on -LRB- very comfortable -RRB- ; they did not have more than 150 hours of use when the sound became all distorted , never used at high volume levels.Pro4AAT , blah ... I got the PRO4AAT as a warranty replacement for the defective A130s , according to Koss , same class replacement . They were tight on my head , even with the bands fully extended , had to flex the upper band to get acceptable fit ; the head band does not feel right either . As far as the sound ... highs are good , mid range ... bland , bass ... think about listening to music coming from the other side of a thin wall , terrible ... they sound muddy , lack clarity , lack dynamic range , very disappointing.Called Koss and explained my problem . They offer to give me $ 50 towards the purchase of a more expensive set of headphones . Saw the PRO4AA and thought they would be a good replacement for the PRO4AAT . Koss offers to replace them as an even exchange . Then I read the recent PRO4AA reviews . In a few words , the PRO4AA are not even a shadow of the originals according to the reviewers . What to do now?As far as a new buyer ... my recommendation is ... stay away from the PRO4AATs .
 I had high hopes for these headphones . I owned a pair twenty years ago and loved them . These , however , have been a terrible disappointment
 I have the new koss portapro 's and the small koss titatium headphones which I purchased from amazon a few weeks ago . They sound real good and are small enough to take with you any where.So I though , why not order the koss pro4aat phones to use in my house only with various audio devices . I have tried them with a sterio 100 watt amplifier , portible radio , telivision and CD players . After using the smaller and cheaper koss phones first they are obviously much better sounding , and do not weigh a lot.I will never order Koss products with out trying them first.Don ' t be fooled in thinking these might be great by ordering them thru the internet and being disappointed about them .
 I had a friend who owned some Koss UR20s , and they were awesome headphones . The bass response was good , they were THE most comfortable headphones I 've ever worn , and they 've lasted a good many years.Contrasting this , I decided to `` go all out '' and buy some Pro4AATs . The statistics on the Pro4AAs were blowing the UR20s out , so I bought it.I 've been dissatisfied with my purchase ever since.The Pro4AATs have mediocre bass response at best . The sound quality is thin . They weigh too much ! I ca n't wear them for longer than an hour , because it presses down too hard on the top of my head .3 years later , I 'm still using these Pro4AAs , and my friend is still using his UR20s . I did a sound test , and the UR20s still wup up on the Pro4AAs .
 I already had three Koss headphones
 I wanted pretty design and a coiled cord , so I took a risk with Koss . Maybe I got a defective pair , but the sound was poor , flat with almost no bass . Some reviewers say you need an extra amp for these , but my 100 watt-per-channel amplifier says `` I do n't think so '' , and overall volume was very high , just the bass was missing . My old $ 25 Sennheiser sounds much better . Returned next day , wo n't try Koss again .
 I really wanted to like these . I love the weight to them , the sturdy looking/feeling construction , and especially the lifetime warranty . I wanted headphones to grow old with , and these appeared to be them . . . but then I listened to them.I 'll begin by saying I 'm using a small portable CD player -LRB- and IPOD Classic -RRB- , along with a small amp -LRB- the amazing Fiio E3 - amazing results for its cheap price . I do n't think I can mention a dollar amount in a review , but lets just say a person working minimum wage in America can afford that amp after two hours worth of work -RRB- . An amp is a necessity for this set , and without it you 'll get low volume levels when using them with portable devices . Trust me , it 's no fun to discover your nice new expensive pair of headphones refuses to be audible despite how loud you turn your portable CD player up . These headphones are n't intended to be used with low -LRB- power -RRB- output devices , so be sure to give it the juice it needs . . use an amp.Anyway I listen to classical music primarily , as well as your Apoptygma Berzerks , Lacrimosas , and Anathemas of the world . But that 's irrelevant , because no matter what I played , these headphones were consistently beat out by others within its price range -LRB- sound wise , not construction/warranty wise -RRB- . I remember reading from a reviewer that complained these really do n't have a sound stage - and he 's completely right . There 's left , center , and right . When another comparably priced set of headphones presents better clarity and space between the instruments within that `` left/center/right '' field of sound ... what else are you suppose to think about a pair that does n't ? Out of what I tried -LRB- and ultimately returned from a store with a liberal return policy - Sennheiser HD280PRO , HD238 , HD428 , Bose Triports , Koss Pro4AAT -RRB- , my favorite would be the HD280PRO , and would be what I recommend a person atleast looking into as an alternative to these . The Bose set also performed well , and has a distinctly different sound than the HD280PRO . Both are head and shoulders better than this Koss pair , except in warranty/construction of course.In the end -LRB- and after probably being banned from the store -RRB- , I was truly amazed at how much headphones affect the sound quality of music -LRB- especially with classical music -RRB- , and I figured - since I 'm already considering spending . . fourteen minimum wage hours on a pair of headphones , I might as well save up and buy something stratospherically superior to everything I tried out . Why commit to an inferior product when something -LRB- you intend to ultimately buy -RRB- is only a few weeks away ? So I doubled my budget and bought the heavenly AKG K701 . It 's definitely not fair to compare the Koss set to this , but to the willing classical music lover , if at all possible to save up a little longer and work a few extra shifts , I really think you 'll be amazed at the difference , just as I was . You 're being robbed of so much within your music if this Koss set is what you use to listen to your music through . You deserve better -LRB- or maybe not , I do n't know you -RRB- . And BTW , that Fiio E3 amp drives the AKG K701 set pretty well , too.Fiio E3 Headphone AmplifierSennheiser HD 280 - Headphones -LRB- ear-cup -RRB- - blackBOSE -LRB- R -RRB- Triport Headphone - SilverAKG K 701 WHITE HEADPHONES
 I had my pair of Koss headphones for several months and tried listening to them several times but they sounded so terrible I could n't stand it ; the sound being `` dark '' and `` dead '' . I have an old pair of Koss headphones I bought from Radio Shack and a pair of Grado SR80s and they both sound pretty good to my ears so I do n't believe my ears are totally at fault . I gave them to the Goodwill .
 I have a set of 30 year old Superex ProB VI headphones that are still going strong -- the Pro4 line has been around about as long , so I figured to try them out . Audio quality is FINE , but these headphones only lasted about 6 months before something broke . Looks like the sliding mechanism on the top ate the far channel . These have a `` lifetime warrantee '' , so I sent them back , but that will end up costing about 25 % of the purchase price . No excuse for such a poorly designed mechanism ... sad to say , these apparently are made in the USA.Would not buy these again , sorry to say .
 I would not recommend this `` hi-end quality product '' to anyone , even for my enemy ! I had terrible headaches all the time I was wearing these headphones more then one hour . They heavy and the head-piece is extremely uncomfortable . Sound quality is not that good that I was expecting .
 I ordered the Pro4AAT phones about a year ago and thak God for lifetime warranty . . They sound good , They are heavy , They are uncomfortable after being worn awhile , Not durable like the Pro4AA . . I have had to send mine back twice . . The first time for a short in the cable.The second time they fell and the ear piece broke off . . The second pair I sent in they sent me a pair of Pro4AA 's instead . . It might have been a mistake , but I am a lot happier . . I used to have a pair of these for years and love them . . I ca n't recommend the Pro4AAT 's for anyone who uses them professionally . . They do n't take abuse very well . .
 I have owned a pair of Koss Pro 4X Plus headphones for twenty plus years and the sound is incredible ! I thought I would ` upgrade ' after reading so much about the Pro4AAT and could not have been more disappointed . These sounds just awful . I do professional restoration work for Casey Kasem on American Top 40 and sound quality is everything in what I do.I concur with the complaints of other reviewers :1 . The bass completely lacks and sounds like a roll-off at 100 Hz and below .2 . The midrange is recessed and the highs are exaggerated . Overall the sound is harsh and brittle and really hollow.I could only take about 5 minutes and have to say these are the worst sounding pair of headphones I have ever heard in my life . A TOTAL waste of almost $ 100 . As I said , the Pro 4X Plus has so much more dynamic range and response and I 'll continue buying them up every time I see a pair come available .
 It is strange that some people like them very much , while the others hate them with the same devotion.I am neither as I like them with some music and hate with some other . They are clearly not for rock/fusion/acid etc. . Better for Jazz and Classic . They are 250 Ohms so do require some voltage not found usually in portable players . But even if put into decent stereo amplifier there is something weird about them.I think I know the secret that explains . If you open them -LRB- and perhaps void your lifetime whatever -RRB- You will see a big plastic screw on the driver that squeezes some foam material . The foam -LRB- I call it a damper -RRB- covers 4 holes in the driver . This is what makes the cans closed and this is the secret . Unscrew the damper - and the sound would be hollow with more bass . Screw damper tight - and there would be no bass whatsoever while the high and he middle will protrude . I 've ended with removing the damper completely and putting inside the cans some silicone wadding -LRB- have more in my new pillows -RRB- . Now they sound much better . Isolation is still as high . But there is more bass and the sound is not as hollow as before.Yes I am an engineer and I 've assembled quite some amplifiers , speakers and headphones for myself - So I sure know how to do it . If you are not the best friend of a screw driver and a soldering iron as I am , you may not like the experience .
 KOSS PRO4AAT Stereophones have very good sound quality , but tend to lack any form of bass and comfort . They are directly comparable to a pair of ear inserts , when they should be significantly better than ear inserts due to the higher price , and generally accepted better design . Like ear inserts , these sterophones give off very little to no bass , even when listening to things that would cause your ears to give out . This product is also very uncomfortable in that the design is `` over-ear '' ; however , the ear cushions are not thick enough to separate your ear from the plastic mesh over the speakers . This mesh starts irritating your ears due to direct contact after about half an hour of wearing them , after about an hour or so , you can tell that at least some layers of skin have been scraped off by the mesh.As mentioned above , the sound quality on the headphones is very good , and the coiled wire and included carrying case are very useful , but the lack of comfort and bass makes me wish I had n't invested in this pair of headphones . Buyer 's remorse , I suppose.I do not recommend this product to anybody who is looking for an immersive set of headphones that provide comfort .
 I have never tried other wireless headphones , so I did not know what to expect . These headphones will only work in the room where the base is ... that is not too much of a problem because I use them to watch movies when others in the house need quiet , but the amount of hiss and noise is quite distracting . No matter how I fiddled with the volume of the unit and the volume of the surround sound system I could still hear it.One other thing that may be purely personal
 When I bought the headphone , it seemed the best option
 I got these to use for my office and they turned out to be worse than useless . In order for them to work , you have to plug in the sending unit which needs to be fairly close to your radio . Unfortunately , with my preferred station , the noise generated by the power supply completely overwhelms the signal so these headphones are totally useless . Even when playing a CD the sound quality is terrible . I 'm better off just turning it way down and living with it . I would suggest looking elsewhere for cordless headphones .
 This is the 1st set of cordless speakers I 've tried . I was warned about about IR vs radio frequency technology . I should have listened to the advice . RF is much better than IR.I would not recommend these headphones
 We bought these to use for the family room TV so teenagers could play games or watch videos without all the noise . These headphones sound OK , but the construction is very flimsy - headband broke in 3 weeks . Sony wireless phones have more robust construction and lasted for several years in the same application before being moved to a different room . We 're goong back to the Sonys .
 First the upsides - price , easy to use , and acceptable sound quality . The downsides for me are mainly comfort when wearing them . Because they are a ` behind the neck type headphone , I believe that the tension of the spring wire that connects the 2 earpieces is to great . There is no adjustment for this -LRB- one size fits all -RRB- . To compound the problem there is not much padding on the earpieces . If I was to buy another set of headphones , I would opt for the over the head design with large , well padded over the ear type earpieces . If you are like me and wear a large hat size , do n't buy these as you might experience the problem that I am having . However , maybe someone with a smaller hat could wear them .
 I tried this product and could n't get it to work . I put the product into my DVD player and went by the instructions and could n't get it to work .
 This does not work . period.I 've left the charger on for more than 36 hours now , and one set of the batteries from the set did not last even for 5 minutes on my canon camera . My camera just said - `` Change the batteries '' for the other set.There is only a faint red glow in the LED , and even the batteries do n't sit tight in it ... The charger feels so light and flimsy , that i sometimes doubt if its a charger.The battery or charger do not get even warm . . -LRB- even after 36 hours of charging -RRB- . . Only one other site had a review for this product , and even that was a bad one . . so im pretty sure its not a defective piece ... Save yourself the trouble . Do n't buy this .
 To begin with , the product I recieved , looks nothing like what is pictured , although I 'm confident that the quality of batteries and charger would n't improve much.What I recieved was as described , although what they do n't tell you is that it looks and feels like a finished high school science project . The batteries themselves feel like they 've been assembled with toxic chemicals , cardboard , and hot glue . Without even opening the package , I was afraid that they would catch fire , and burn my house down while I was at work . So I took them to work and charged them there.The package says that they need 4 - 6 hours to charge 4 batteries . ` Not bad ' I thought . I opened the package and put the batteries in their respective slots , and the last battery did n't fit . The charger was wide enough , but the metal contact for the ' - ' side , was not raised enough to hold the last battery in place . Bending this tab fixed this issue.I get to work for my 10-hour shift and plugged the batteries into the wall , and away it went . The package also states that the lights will turn off when the batteries are fully charged . I forgot about it until I was headed for my lunch break . The light was still on after 4 hours . Came back from lunch , lights were still on . Ended my shift , lights were still on . Next day , lights were still on . A full week later , the lights were still on.Fully frustrated , and figuring that the batteries must have been fully charged at that point , I tossed them into my camera -LRB- which I know eats batteries quickly , as in 2-AA 's will get me about 45 min of shooting time -RRB- and the camera immediately said that the batteries were low , and it shut down within 3 minutes after . I was n't even able to get a shot before it died.Needless to say , these batteries preformed way below average , and what was advertised . I had purchased 2 sets of 4 batteries because of the price , and after having the charging and usage problems , I gave one set to my sister for her Wii-motes . Hav n't heard any complaints yet . Perhaps I 'll try the other set in my Wii-motes . And hopefully the house wo n't burn down while they 're charging.Positive things
 I bought these to replace the freebie set of ear buds that I got at a conference and was sorry I did . Not only are they extremely uncomfortable in your ear -LRB- if you manage to find a spot where they will stay put -RRB- but the sound quality is n't all that great either . Soon after purchasing them the foam covering on the ear pieces themselves started coming off.Unfortunately I bought them while I was out of town so I had no way of returning them , otherwise they would have gone back in a heartbeat !
 I bought these and returned them in 1 day . These earphones are quite possibly the worst ones out there ! If you buy these in a store , make sure to keep the receipt.What 's wrong with them ? 1 -RRB- DOES N'T FIT ! The part that you put into your ear is a huge yellowish cylindrical piece , and just wo n't fit in any size ear . Even free headphones fit better than these .2 -RRB- Low volume
 Just bought these . I figured KOSS is a good company , since I already own KOSS headphones . These were horrible . The ear pieces are way too big to fit comfortably in your ear . Also , I had to turn the volume up on my device in order to hear anything , and this is not good . If I have to turn the volume all the way up , that means I would have to use up more battery powere , which is not good . I am going to return these the next chance I get .
 These headphones I bought because I figured getting 2 for one would be a great deal ! WRONG ! They are horrible for the gym ! They simply do not stay in my ears when on the machines ... and the sound quality is awful . They 're painful as you have to shovehem deep into your ear to try to hear what any sound !
 the sound is significantly worse in these headphones than others ... and its a pain to fit in your ear .
 I was excited to find this product because it seemed like a great deal . However , I was disappointed to find out that the earbuds are way too large , so they fall out of my ears . I have to jam them in there , which is uncomfortable . Also , the sound is n't great -- I have to turn the volume way up in order to hear at a normal level .
 All I wanted was for these to fit in my ears and make sounds when they were plugged into an audio device . At the price I was n't expecting much more . They do make sound when plugged into an audio device . But I can not insert them into my ears or put them in any position in which they will remain near my ears without the assistance of my hands .
 I bought these because the price was right , and that I am not an audiophile . I was merely looking for something cheap to watch movies on my laptop and figured , hey , how bad can these be?These earbuds are more like ear-PILLARS - they dig into your ears ! Plus , the cheap-o foam covers NEVER stay on!Avoid these at all costs and buy something else . It is a shame that this product is even legal .
 Sound is like from an old fashioned radio . The earbuds are extremely uncomfortable and have a tendency to fall out .
 These are too long to fit well resting in the outer ear and too thick to fit in the canal . They 're much less comfortable than the earbuds that came with my Sansa MP3 player , and the sound quality is n't as good , either . I 'll be replacing mine before they wear out -- a first for me !
 There are two ways to wear these earbuds . You can rest them inside the rim of your earlobe , only to have them fall out as soon as you turn your head . Or you can try to squeeze the oversized buds into your ear canals , taking them out 15 minutes later when you ca n't stand the pain any longer . The discomfort does go away after a few days , once your ears have been broken in.Repeatedly removing the buds from your ears will eventually cause the foam padding to come off . I was able to wriggle to foam back over the buds , but after it continued to fall off again and again , I stopped bothering . Since the foam adds to the size of the earbuds , removing the pads actually increased the comfort level.The sound quality is about on par with laptop speakers , which is perfectly satisfactory to me . I have not had any problems with them being too quiet.I would not recommend these . You 're much better off spending a few extra bucks on a halfway decent set of decent earbuds/phones .
 Although they were cheap -LRB- about $ 5 -RRB- , they are worth nothing . You can barely hear the sound come through , even with the volume turned as loud as possible . They are also very uncomfortable in your ear .
 Definitely avoid these earbuds!I needed to replace my Sony earbuds and just wanted to go with a cheap alternative for starters , so I bought the Koss P4 's . Easily the worst $ 5 I 've ever spent . I had a pair of Koss headphones in the past that I actually liked and thought these might not be too bad either , but I found out different as the sound is weak and the actual earbud is horrible . The bud was WAY too large for my ears and once in , it was a painful experience . Essentially it was like jamming hard plastic into my ears . I also had to crank my mp3 player all the way up and I still had troubles hearing -LRB- I wore them at work , which is a semi loud setting -RRB- . In fact , within a half a day I went back to my old worn out Sony earbuds.So besides the cheap price of $ 5 , these Koss P4 's are poor and I would avoid at all cost .
 For those who complain the volume is low and they lack bass
 These headphones suck ! End of story . The Sony 's they replaced were blown but they had a rich base sound , were comfortable and stayed in your ear . I bought these on a budget and am happy to say Ill be 4 bucks richer next trip to walmart . These are just crap . The foam padding easily tears , constantly falls off and is REQUIRED to stand having these in your ear . You will spend more time fiddling with them they you will listening . Even when you are listening I describe the sound as , granny , tinny and flat not to mention that they consume way to much power so the volume has to be cranked to get even a normal volume , not an efficient use of the battery on your poor player . Lifetime warranty ? WHY BOTHER ! These are horrible sounding and feeling . Stay away even for $ 4 you will be disappointed . These make a poor compliment to my Panasonic MP3 cd player , ill stick with the original headphones that came with the cd player amd are much better sounding . Spend the money on some Sony 's your ears will thank you lal the way around ... PSIll keep you posted about what Koss has to say about this pair ... Recommend?NO NOT EVER FOR ANY PRICE
 I 've purchased some Koss products in the twenty to fifteen dollar range , and have been surprized by the sound quality , but I was dissapointed by these . I was hoping to use them with my ipod -LRB- my apple earbuds are a little blown out -RRB- , but they are way less powerful than the apple earbuds . I had to turn the volume all the way up just to equal the sound that I got from my apple earbuds at normal volume . And even then , the sound was less full and warm sounding . I immediately converted back to my blown out apple earbuds . These headphones are not terrible , they 're good for their price , but I expected greatness . Just go ahead and spend some extra money .
 If you are like me , you will be attracted to the low price on this set of earbuds . I am going to recommend you stay away from this set for two reasons :1 -RRB- Due to the large and uncomfortable size , my ears would have a feeling of soreness after wearing these for an extended period of time .2 -RRB- The sound quality is inferior in a way that can best be described as having a lack of bass.I highly recommend purchasing SONY earbuds instead of this cheapo set . Your ears will thank you for it .
 This is a horrible product . Absolutely horrible . The sound , while OK , especially for the price , is still not very good . I 've had headphones of the same price that worked much better than these . The foam on the earbuds is absolutely necessary because the underside is very unconfortable and cumbersome , but the foam falls off very easily . Find a different pair , these suck .
 These were a waste of money -LRB- only $ 5 -RRB- . They do n't stay in you ears whether you are running exercising or even walking . Plus they hurt your ears after a short time . So if you plan on buying these for any physical activities dont even bother .
 These ear buds are the biggest waste of money , even if it is less than $ 5 . They offer poor sound quality in all frequency ranges . In addition to that , they wear your ear out because of a poor fit and the fact that they do n't stay in place . By wearing your ear out , I mean just that . They actually tire your ears out from the fitting , or lack there of .
 While the quality was pretty good , I was distracted by the fact that the output was very little ; at full blast , could only hear at normal levels . The earpieces are big and dont seem to be erganomicaly designed for ears . The foam covers were a little helpful for that problem , but fell off very easily , like if you store them in your pocket instead of the carying case , and when the covers are gone , the phones became very annoying to listen through.I recently bought the panasonic RP-HV152 to replace them and all of the problems of the Koss product were fixed by the Panasonic product . At a similar price range , about four to five dollars , it is a much better suggestion and reccomendation .
 While I agree with the other reviewer who said the sound quality on these ear buds is great , I was not able to make these stay in my ears , no matter how hard I tried . On the rare occasion when they did stay , I soon had to remove them because of the pain they caused . The `` bud '' part that goes into the ear seems overly large , the padding is thin and easily removable , and there is nothing for the ear to grab on to . I am continuing my search for the perfect ear buds ...
 Though it had great sound quality , the foam covering of the hard palstic speakers fell off after two uses , one cover being lost never to be seen again , the other falling off repeatedly , no matter how I reapplied it .
 They make this lens sound like it was made for the Olympus E series cameras but it is far from it . Yes , you can take photos with it using your E series but what they do n't tell you here is that you need to use an adaptor to get it to attach to the camera body . This means that it will not be able to communicate with the camera so you will need to adjust things manually by sliding the telescopic lens in and out as well as manually adusting your camera with the proper settings for f-stop . I purchased this product knowing that I would probably need the adapter ring and hoping that it would come with it . They do n't mention anything about it in their ad ... only that this lens is `` for Olympus EVOLT '' . I did get one or two shots that were worth framing but took forever to get everything set just right . You better hope any nature subjects do n't move for about five minutes because it will take that long to get everything set up just right to take the photo . Or set it up and hope that the subject moves into frame and in focus.For the money and what I was wanting , this lens will work because I just ca n't afford the big bucks for the true `` made to work with the Olympus EVOLT '' cameras that take a lot of the work out of setting up everything .
 I bought the same earbuds last year and those were great . The ones I got this year were not very good at all - but then again they are very inexpensive - you get what you pay for .
 I bought 5 of these products and my experience with them has been simply disastrous .1 -RRB- on three of them I installed an energy star 55W circular fluorescent dimmable torchiere lamp
 Over the years I 've used some brand name and `` manufacturer compatible '' ink cartridges for all the printers I 've had -LRB- mostly HP and Canon -RRB- . These are unequivocally the most inconsistent and shortest lived ones I have ever bought . The last one I tried putting in literally printed 3 pages and then sputtered to death . Even at twice the cost , the Canon brand name cartridges print more than 6 pages each , and reliably so !
 This is a complete piece if crap . It worked for all of 5-minutes and the manufacturer would have nothing to do with a repair or replacement .
 After less than two weeks of operation , the unit began to buzz very annoyingly . -LRB- Anyone remember what a 60 cycle hum sounds like ? It was like that . -RRB- The only way to get the buzzing to stop was to physical unplug it from the wall . I called APC support an was told these units `` can have an audible hum '' and that any replacement unit would probably give me the same problem.I returned the unit today , as the noise was driving me crazy . Note
 Described as `` brand new . '' Was likely reconditioned . Was not to original specifications . We build custom machinery and put a UPS on each machine . These units were scrapped out at the customer location -LRB- export -RRB- and replaced with APC units from authorized distributors . My bad for looking to save a buck .
 there really isnt anything special to this filter , as with most cameras you need to have the shutter open for a while with a really high iso setting , not to mention compensating the focus . in all honesty go spend the money on a converted camera , that way you dont have to spend 5 mins setting up your gear for a fuzzy photo . really not worth the money.ps if you are using this to see through clothing just know that it does not work except on very rare occasions and circumstances .
 I do n't know about other DSLRs , but it 's so useless with Nikon D90 ... I ca n't see anything , only black ... you need a direct sunlight & setting your camera on ISO 1600 or higher & a very slow shutter speed to start getting some results .
 Bought it a month before I needed it because I am proactive , which is why Beach Audio will not allow me to return it . If I were you I would go with a larger more reputable company or open what you order immediately because you wo n't get a refund if it does n't function
 I have ordered APC units from many other vendors and do loads of shopping on AMAZON . I was a bit surprised today when I looked at the site for getting an RMA on one of the 3 units I ordered for a client in May and discovered I had missed the 30 day window.Sadly , I do not have the original packaging and one of the units is defective - it ran great until this week - with one pc and one monitor plugged in . Suddenly it started flipping from battery to on-line and back again.I am thinking I will not be ordering electronics from Amazon in the future - I will stick to books - 30 days with no RMA policy on equipment is not cost effective . There are too many other ways to make these purchases , that allow for easy problem solving , repairs and returns.Amazon is wonderful for books but I was disappointed to find the return aspect difficult . I should have read fully before ordering , I should have kept the original packaging but 1 out of 3 has me concerned about the other two which will be costly if they fail soon also.I have read other reviews about the quality of APC going south and am sad to become another in agreement with that assessment , we used to buy APC 's exclusively.Maybe I have misread something but I am kicking myself for not reading all policies before purchasing !
 Hols charge - but product does not do what it says it will do , notification software does not work to email or call you if power goes down .
 i got 6 of this product for my work , and they hardly ever functioned well for once . there was always something wrong when we used them for the big events , very frustrating ... sound quality is not stable , and not really user-friendly . i expected more from a big brand like motorola .
 Come on Motorola , you can do better . . this model would make good for the kids in the yard to play with . Range is 1/2 mile if your lucky . . Need to change the range distance to that and get that 5 mile range of the package and spec sheet . Very discouraged with this model . .
 The radios are supposed to have a range of five miles , I have found the the farthest I have got on them is more like 1/4 of a mile , as soon as you go over a hill or behind a building you lose contact . Not very good at all . And they did n't come with batteries .
 Ran first disk . After that kept giving `` no disc '' message .
 COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY.DO NOT BUY.WON ' T RUN AFTER 90 DAYS . PROBLEMS AND ONLY PROBLEMS .
 This DVD player has real problems synching audio and video . We have to restart every DVD we play due to the problems with audio synching . It 's like watching a bad Godzilla movie!Another problem with it is that the remote is very confusing . It 's difficult to start a scene over , it frequently goes to the beginning of the DVD . All in all , we would n't buy this player again .
 I purchased the Humminbird 580 from Amazon and the NAVIONICS SD card for my region . When I received the Humminbird I opened the SD card slot panel and found out the card slot was never installed on the circuit board . I called Humminbird to confirm this model should have the card slot ; then I called Amazon and after 15 minutes of explaining what the problem was to a person that had absolutely no technical background a new Humminbird 580 was on the way . Guess what ? Your right , the replacement Humminbird was also missing the SD card slot . The serial numbers for the two were 26 unit apart . So I returned both to Amazon and received a prompt refund . Other then the problem communicating with the Amazon help line I am zero dollars out , Amazon paid for all the postage so thanks Amazon for taking care of a lousy product coming from Humminbird .
 I purchased this to do reading exercises with children at school . Even with the `` Clear Voice Recording '' feature , it fails to record well unless I use an outboard microphone.Sony products have been good to me in the past , but this one does not perform as it should .
 At one time `` Sony '' had a very good reputation for quality products.This cassette recorder was anything but a quality product -LRB- mechanically , everything worked just fine -RRB- . Sound reproduction was abysmal -- far worsethan poor ! A very loud `` hissss '' overrode the recording -- even when I usedan external microphone . I did not expect a 4track recorder , but what Igot should be an embarrassment to any manufacturer . Shame on you SONY !! PC Taylor
 Playback was accompanied by a harsh static that made audio impossible . And this unit is so cheaply made - unlike other hand held recorders Sony used to make - I ca n't understand why they even bother . Better to produce a workable item than junk like this . I returned it immediately .
 I refuse to review the item since I received an item that had been returned to the seller . I was under the impression that since I paid the full price listed I would be receiving a new item .
 I wish I could give this product a negative rating . I recieved the first one in the mail it failed after I downloaded songs onto the player . Sent it back and recieved a second MP3 player that ceased right before I was going to use it at the gym .
 just like the reviewer prior to this one , my younger brother received a unit that would not even turn on for his birthday ... i will be returning promptly and going with a different brand name ...
 Unfortunally I got this product and I was very excited only $ 45 for 4G . But my emotion last two minutes , after I was done downloading all my songs I try to turn it on , and nothing , finally after a few times went on but the sound was really poor , and the FM radio does not work at all . I 'm really disappointed with this product and I 'm send it back for a refund .
 it loads music but does not play it . The music woould work if not for the sound card it destorts the sound .
 This company does not actually carry this product and in this case could not fulfil the order . Also I found them to be severely lacking in accountability . They wanted me to give a good review of a product they do n't have and ca n't get . F for fail , one star is too many
 Well it has been 3 weeks and now they claim they have not received my order
 Unfortunately they do not make a cover for my keyboard -LRB- Saitek Eclipse II -RRB- , I was issued a full refund without delay I only put one star due to fact I had to put something but one can not review what I never received
 Nano 's are not protectively attached to this lanyard and can become lose and fall off ! Even though EVERY time I had to release the lanyard to charge the nano it was impossible and very difficult to squeeze the side buttons on the plastic piece that connects into the dock connector , my nano simply decided to FALL OFF THIS THING AND NOW I HAVE NO NANO !!! I wrote nice reviews on many sites about how much I love the Nano iPod . However , I used this EXPENSIVE accessory for keeping my nano around my neck . Because the nano is so small and slim , you hardly notice it there . And that is the problem ! On a recent flight I had my nano attached to this lanyard . I had used this dozens of times at work , walking around , etc. with no problems . I walked around the airport for 2 hours . Sat on a plane for 1 . In the last 10 minutes of the flight , I turned off my nano and that was the last time i saw it . It just FELL off the lanyard . I was so shocked and sad , too . $ 250 for the Nano . $ 39 for this piece of junk lanyard . My useless music library . All for nothing , someone found and kept my nano . I noticed it was gone only after exiting the gate area through security so I was n't allowed to run up and search for it myself . Less than 8 minutes after walking off the plane ! I only went about 200 feet or so . Unbelieveable . Other people on Apple 's site have mentioned that they , too , lost their nano . I 'm not in the `` I hate Apple '' category and I do not write bogus reviews . I 'm just mad that I trusted their technology . They only thought of the `` cool '' and not keeping security in mind . Since the thing is so small and expensive , you would have thought this lanyard was designed to help PROTECT your investment , but Apple simply DOES NOT CARE . They refuse to respond to my complaints and have refused to post my review of the lanyard on their website store as of yet -LRB- one week later -RRB- . They want me to just go drop another $ 250 so I can get my money back out of my music library that I already bought through ITunes that is only loadable onto Apple 's devices !
 Product is not compatible with my nano . Can I still return it ? I purchased it a few months ago . Over all , service and shipment was excellent . Would love to purchase a compatible lanyard .
 I only used this product for 3 months and the sound wires came loose somehow inside the dongle and started sounded like the music was playing in a tin can . Crap !
 I bought this unit to switch a pair of in-ceiling speakers between our Sonos system and the rear surround speakers of our home theater system . For that task , this product does n't perform well . There is a whole lot of material on this on the Sonos support discussion boards , but it basically comes down to the fact that the volume of your source has to be fairly loud in order for this Niles box to activate . If you listen to classical music , or any music at low volume -LRB- which is a common use for Sonos and in ceiling speakers -RRB- , the Niles box gets confused and clicks back and forth between the two sources . The trigger delay and sensitivity help * a little * with this , but for most Sonos applications you really need something that triggers and stays held for at least 5 minutes -LRB- there 's a DIY version of this that can be made from $ 100 in parts on Sonos support -RRB- . The only place I would recommend this , or any volume activated switch , is from two sources that you know you are going to be playing at fairly high volume and not with classical music.If you do n't want to go the DIY route , a better solution is the Niles SPK1 which is activated by a 12 volt signal . Get any basic 12V AC adapter and plug it into the switched convenience outlet on your stereo . In fact , I ended up modifying my ABS1 to behave like the SPK1 and have been happy since .
 Bought this product to switch two audio sources to a pair of speakers . Had trouble with the product right out of the box , one of the speaker pin clips was broke and would n't stay engaged to `` lock '' speaker wire to it . Read the instructions and followed them and still did n't work for me . Ca n't get the cheap speaker pin clips to close and `` lock '' . What a waste of time ! I 'll have to take apart and re-solder better speaker connects . The five minutes that I had it up and `` limping '' , I noticed that it changed the tonality of my music , a little more muddy . Might have to reconsider everything ! Buyer be where , it 's made in China using the cheapest parts to charge you $ 100.00 . Good concept , but definitely not worth it !
 I just plugged it in and I can not get it to print blue color correctly . As far as I can tell CYAN is way too green and the tone is changing as you print . Ridiculous . It is OK for draft quality prints , but not for anything else .
 I was so hyped that it SAID it would work for a Canon Pixima ip1500 printer . Then I clicked on the tab -LRB- will this work for my printer -RRB- . It will NOT ! Its false advertising ! Why include in the description my printer model if it does n't work for it ? Made me mad ! So , anyways just be careful and use that tab to make sure before you purchase it !
 The black cartridges are fine , but the color ones seem to have been made for another printer . Essentially , only 50-percent of my order was filled .
 Although you get multiple color and black cartridges that are * sealed * , color cartridges are practically empty , making them completely useless.I am giving it two stars only because the price was * cheap * and the black is working good enough.Color is complete crap ! All cartridges were bad.Used for my daughter 's printer who had not used it since I bought the ink . I thought perhaps the printer needed cleaning , so ran multiple clean cycles and got the same . Figured the cartridge dried out , so I replaced with another . Exact same issue.The * bargain * was now a big waste of money.Get what you pay for , I guess .
 These worked great for the first 10 pages or so . I was converted , but only for a short time . The print quality deteriorated rather quickly . The cartridge lasted about 30 pages , and then it was done . Yes , it worked , but not well and not for long .
 Not swell , under filled or empty . If you cant count on them it does n't matter if their free . . Will pay more and get the OE replacements . .
 I bought a package of 3 black and 3 color cartridges . The first black one does n't print fully , the 2nd one is ok . It seems not all the ones are fully loaded .
 Went through two black and one color cartridges over one sitting trying to print a few pages . Third black went out after < 5 pages . Save your money and either try another off brand or go Canon OEM cartridge .
 Short & Sweet ... all six cartridges were dried up the day I received them ! Not one was any good ! Factory originals for me from now on !
 these cartridges did not work well with my Canon printer . After a few pages of print they just stop working . I dont recommend this item .
 The idea is good , but this pinhole camera is VERY flimsy and VERY fragile . The rubber band that works as the shutter spring broke after just two rolls and the winding crank broke after only one roll.No , I would not recommend this to my friends .
 I ordered 2 of these as extension cables for my PC sound card . -LRB- Headset / Mic -RRB- One was fine but the other must have been shorted out and caused a constant hum in the headphone or feedback on the mic .
 It is a a very disingenuous practice to write a 5 star `` customer review '' of a product that you are a seller of . Even if it is under the guise of `` Additional Product Info ! '' , it is still manipulating the rating system at Amazon , since customers sort searches with average customer rating and your products come out on top . Because of your lack of integrity as a seller , I will never buy a GS Wholesale product . I am also going to complain to Amazon about your rating manipulation .
 I own a Palm TX pda which synchronizes by USB or Bluetooth . I got this to synchronize by USB to my laptop computer . The original one had a depressable button on the topside of the pda connector cable . This one does n't . When you set up the Palm Desktop , it walks you through the process until you get a screen saying `` press the synchronization button on the cable . '' There is n't one , so I could n't go any further . The net result is that I now only synchronize to the desktop by BlueTooth and ca n't synchronize to the laptop at all . The older button style USB cables are on eBay , but only as part of a package of other equipment which I already have .
 This item simply did n't work at all . This item is NOT like the item that comes withthe Palm TX .
 I would HOPE , I get the ordered item , the past two times I got the wrong one , without a sync button for the USB connection!Amazon said that it was an ordering error , lets get it right this time !
 The cable does n't work as a sync cable . It needs the hot connect button . Only thing its good for is to charge a usless product .
 Does not work . Did not recharge my TX , ca n't test if synching would work , but i doubt it . Computer did n't even recognize it .
 It is a very disingenuous practice to write a 5 star `` customer review '' of a product that you are a seller of . Even if it is under the guise of `` Additional Product Info ! '' , it is still manipulating the rating system at Amazon , since customers sort searches with average customer rating and your products come out on top . Because of your lack of integrity as a seller , I will never buy a GS Wholesale product . I am also going to complain to Amazon about your rating manipulation .
 You get what you pay for with these inexpensive third-party ink cartridges.Little dabs of ink may run off the cartridge if not careful . -LRB- never experienced that with the official canon ink . -RRB- Does n't do well with photographs , but adequate for printing out text .
 This was a gift for my 12 year old niece and it did ` nt work after 2 days . Poor sound poor quality . Sounds like an old transistor radio . Poor quality looks cheap . Anti skip does not work would not play a cd all the way . Bass is just loud noise no good sound for the CD . I returned item for refund ...
 this table is mostly perfect . it went together easily and does everything it is said to do EXCEPT it does not vary in height from 25 to 40 inches . at it 's lowest setting , this thing is about 35 inches high , which is WAY to high for the workspace we purchased it for . we bought this one SPECIFICALLY because it was said to go as low as 25 inches . the description should be corrected so more people do n't waste time and money on getting a product they ca n't use .
 This piece is as cheaply made as its price indicates . The threads for the knobs which make this `` desk '' adjustable were completely unusable . Fortunately , I know a talented person who bought a thread tap and fixed the desk for me for about $ 10 and his good will . If you do n't know someone who can re-tap threads , do n't buy this piece of so-called furniture . It would n't work .
 This table is too high to sit in a chair in front of the TV and work on . I bought it assembled it and how it just sits in a corner with plants on it . Totally disappointed .
 Anything that uses an electronic ballast -LRB- light the compact fluorescent lights - CFLs -RRB- will not work with this device . That 's because the device looks at the peak current to figure out the watts . For example , a CFL that actually uses 13 or 14 watts will erroneously show up as using 65 watts . That 's because the crappy meter sees a maximum of 0.5 amps of current , but most of the time the CFL is drawing much less current . This device only refreshes about twice a second and can not see a current that is pulsed faster than that . It will work fine for anything that uses a constant level of current , like a fan , toaster , etc. . Also keep in mind that the packaging itself says it is only accurate from 125 - 1875 watts . That means anything using less that 125 watts might not show up very accurate . There are much better devices out there , like the Kill-a-Watt .
 I have two problems with this tool :1 . When I have the selector on `` Amps '' the last digit is supposed to be a decimal . So where is the dot then ?! E.g. the display shows 37 instead of 3.7 -LRB- you would n't want to have 37A running through your circuits at home , trust me -RRB- . Perhaps I just have a bad one , but I doubt it because LCD segments do n't normally burn like LED segments .2 . The display is updated too often jumping from one value to the other all the time . It 's really annoying . The refresh rate should be longer , e.g. every 2-4 seconds . This is a design flaw done by people who probably did not understand well what AC is.I was going to buy a Reliance transfer switch for my generator but in view of the poor quality of their tools I 'll buy another brand .
 I purchased this printer with little research . The rep had me sold on some features like the sealed cartridges . My biggest complaint is that the paper feed is horrible . It just rips the paper in violently . If it 's heavy grade -LRB- photo -RRB- paper it 's not so bad but the first sheet of any regular stock is either jamming or printing out crooked . I 'm just fighting with this printer all the time to get a basic text printout on regular paper . I 'll admit the color prints look fantanstic . Another bummer is the cost of the cartridges . It 'll be something like $ $ to replace both of them . I did send an email to tech support concerning my paper feed problem . They replied with this comprehensive checklist of all sorts of tests to do , which did n't look like most of them had anything to do with the jamming proplem . Well the ink is going down so fast , I figure by the time I need new cartridges I 'll be able to pick up a new Epson on sale for little more . Then I can dump this unit because I do n't want to spend a half day diagnosing this ones problems just to find that everthing is OK or supposedly so .
 I order for t-520 printor cartridge and receive t-630 cartridge.I sent request to send back and nothing heard from anybody.bad service and bad products .
 The first set I received had flickering white dots , and when I contacted the seller they sent second defective cable . The second went black every few seconds . I did n't bother asking to get a third non-working set . CMPL is just a scam .
 It works but their are dead and flashing pixels.Get this instead
 I ordered one of these 10 foot HDMI to HDMI Sony Ps3 cables from and the item did not carry any signal . I tested the same connection with an HDMI cable that I already had and it worked fine , so it was certainly the new cable that was defective . Requested a replacement and it also did not work on the same connection . Retested with a cable known to work and confirmed that the replacement cable was also defective -LRB- I tried it several times -RRB- . Defective consecutive products in separate shipments , at least that was my experience .
 I ordered 3 HDMI cables and they arrived on time . Problem is , and its a BIG PROBLEM , they simply do not work . These are crap !! Do yourself a favor and stay away from these . Crap , I tell you , it 's crap .
 I always read the reviews on each item I buy from Amazon , and a good percentage said that these HDMI cables did n't work ... Well , they were right . Straight out of the package and no video or sound from my PS3 . Tried my other cables that I had taken off of my DVD player and the PS3 worked fantastic . I guess I can use the 10 ft cables as a jump rope or something , cause they are n't worth a dime to me for viewing my gaming system . Do n't waist any of your hard earned money on this product . You 'll be sorry .
 It did not work it just showed a blank screen , so maybe I thought I was doing something wrong . So I went to Wal-Mart and got some , and they work just fine , so now i know it was n't me , it was the cords . Would not recommend to anyone .
 Please beware when buying this product . I ordered it a few weeks ago - the shipping process went fine . I 'd like to stress that the seller of this product is good . At first , the cord worked great - the picture and sound quality were excellent . Two weeks later , however , the audio stopped working altogether -LRB- without my moving the television or ps3 to which it was plugged in . -RRB- I guess I should n't be too upset given that the cord was less than 4 dollars including shipping . Remember , when something seems too good to be true , it usually is . This is no exception .
 Item is as priced , cheep a give away to a friend in need , Not going into my 2000.00 set up
 I really needed a hdmi cable because my screen is blurry when i use a av cable so i decided to buy this cable and its only 2 dollars so ur not even wasting money . When I got the cable i plugged it in to my tv and from my ps3 and then the screen was just green and showing all random colors and i was like OMG this thing is defective but after like 10 seconds a messaged popped up and said the ps3 has detected a hdmi cable would you like to enable the hdmi and I said yes and then the most amazing this happened . The screen was clear is HELL ! i would normaly play on 360p when i play my game but it said it was playing on 1080p . After 2 weeks when I would try to play games I would get these green dots all over my screen and I knew it was n't tv because the tv was new so I contacted the seller and they sent me a new one for free and the same problem but this time right when I plugged it in it showed green dots . I gave up and bought a $ 20 dollar HDMI from sony made for ps3 and the problem was n't their it was gone and I 've had it for 6 months and still working . This HDMI maybe cheap but it sucks after a week or two .
 I ordered 2 of these cables . 1 for me and 1 for my friend . I tried both cables in my ps3 and he tried them in his and they did n't get a good signal at all . The picture was fuzzy and we could n't see anything other than static . I 'm definitely returing these and getting a good named brand hdmi cable that will actually work .
 I received a defective cable , I did not even bother with a return since it was so cheap . Also , the material used to make the cable felt cheap compared to a standard hdmi cable , like the one that comes with a television or such .
 This cable came quickly and seemed like good quality but did n't work at all . I also had a terrible time trying to return it when I contacted the seller . Do n't waste your time and money with this inferior product.For a few more bucks I got this one sold by Amazon : OSD-HDMI-15ft-Value-V14 High Speed HDMI Cable with Ethernet V1 .4 -LRB- 15-Feet -RRB- Works like a dream and came the very next day .
 At first , when i hooked up my ps3 to this HDMI , I was astonished -LRB- probably cause It was my first HDTV -RRB- . I thought it was good for what i paid for . Then , i went to go change the video settings to set 1080p ; however , it could n't do anything higher than 720p . I was disappointed , but , it was what i paid for so i did n't too big a deal.A weak passes , and i turn on my ps3 to play , and the video was all grainy and the sound was nonexistent . A few mins later , the picture completely vanished.Don ' t buy this product . It 's not worth the $ 2 because it 'll last less than 2 weeks .
 I bought 4 of these and the first one I used did not work with 1080p . The lower non hd channels worked fine but the upper hd channels produced no signal through this cable . Replaced it with one from my cable company and the channels worked fine . I guess the price was to good to be true . I will test the other three and post an update .
 Bought two of these , both DOA . Tried connecting a few different devices and got either an erratic flickering display or no display at all . Replaced with a known-working HDMI cable and everything 's fine . Also , this is actually exactly the same item as this ... -LSB- ... -RSB- and the product photos do n't really match what I received.I was able to get a refund without having to ship the cable back , so I figured before I purchased another one , I 'd try shortening the cable -LRB- thinking maybe it 's too long for the signal to carry through strongly -RRB- . After cutting the cable , I found that each cable segment inside was just a single copper strand . I 'd never tried splicing an HDMI cable before , so I do n't know if this is common or not , but it seems a little crazy to me . Every cable I 've ever worked with before has always had at least a few strands of wire for each segment.Don ' t get me wrong , cables are usually way overpriced and I always do my best to get 'em on the cheap ... but , well ... this cable just does n't work ! I 'm going to give this one a try now
 It worked for one day -LRB- with a fuzzy picture -RRB- , then stopped working . Still have n't heard back from the seller . You 're better off paying a few extra dollars for a better product .
 waste of time -LRB- waiting for it -RRB- and the dumb thing does n't work . replaced with a simple 3 foot cable from radio shack -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- . waste of good money ... do n't buy it .
 The product looks and works great but is not 10 feet . The title is misleading so if you want a short hdmi cable go with this one since its cheap otherwise do n't buy this because you will be disappointed with the length .
 Be aware that the highest setting you will get with this cable is 1080i , not 1080p . Also , the description does not state it is HDMI 1.3 compliant . This is all fine if you have a 720p or 1080i set .
 The product I received looked perfect at a glance , but upon using the HDMI cable , I noticed immediately poor quality and the screen cracks out frequently . I purchased another cable locally to check if that was the problem , but the new cable works perfectly ! Therefore , this company sells poorly made cables that are n't even worth the cheap prices .
 This printer is horrifically slow on all but the basic setting . Click on `` better '' , or heaven forbid `` best '' quality -LRB- which still is n't so fantastic -RRB- and you will be waiting , and waiting , and waiting for you paper -- try printing a 50 page document and you may as well go out for coffee . By the way , I 'm talking Black and White , not color , in which case you may as well go to bed and get your document in the morning . It is small , which is a plus -LRB- and hey , for us it came free with another computer -RRB- . I keep mine in the kitchen for laptop use . But for any serious printing , I have to use my HP .
 I bought this system in february 05 . In july the cd player stoped working so I had to send it back for repair . It came back and in October the cd player broke again , so this time I send it back directly to JVC and I have to said it was a whole new experience within the universe of bad customer service . After a month or so of waiting -LRB- beginning of December 05 -RRB- they told us that there were no solution at all to the problem -LRB- obviously it was a manufacturing problem -RRB- and that they were going to give us a refund . Two months later -LRB- end of January 06 -RRB- we were still waiting for them to give us a solution . The person who told us about the refund said that the file was with another person . We tried to talk witht this other person and after 14 o 18 voicemail messages -LRB- she never return our phone calls back -RRB- we manage to reach her and she told us that we have to take the rest of the equipment back to them -LRB- they could have told us at the beginning -RRB- so we are still waiting for a solution . I am sorry but this system is very nice but it doesnt work and this together with the worst customer service possible makes JVC for me an NO . There is plenty of other things to choose from out there .
 I got this stereo about three weeks ago . I was totally disappointed and am shipping it back to Amazon tomorrow a.m. I 've been happy with JVC car stereo products , had a JVC boom box that lasted forever with great sound , and a JVC bookshelf stereo a couple of years ago that was great . The only reason I got rid of it was because it could n't play MP3s . My first complaint which is huge for me , is that the sound quality is terrible . There is absolutely no range from highs to lows . I love all kinds of music . The first night I threw in a chilled trance CD to sleep to and I did n't even recognize it ! I do n't like heavy bass , but there was no bass ! Also , there was no treble ; it was like a muffled medium . I tried adjusting the treble and bass which was limited and only helped a little . The second problem I have is you can not dim the display like my former JVC . It must be an LED because it is so bright it could shine down an airplane . Not good in a pitch black bedroom when the stereo faces you . I know I could cover the display , but it does n't seem right . The whole unit quality seems very cheap compared to my former bookshelf JVC . I had the Panasonic SC-PM39D , sound was great , but it was a monstrosity in size . If you are looking for a real `` bookshelf '' - size stereo that was not it . It was also really heavy for this category of stereo . I just ordered the JVC EX-A1 tonight . I 've tested this at stores . It sounds great and is the size and look that I want . Downside is it 's expensive , but I love music and you get what you pay for . If you go to Vann 's Website -LRB- vs. through this Web site -RRB- you can get it with free shipping , no tax.Oh wait , there was a positive . The radio -LRB- at least AM talk radio -RRB- works great ! It came in very clean and clear , better then the Panasonic , but the Panasonic was by my PC and may have gotten interference from the PC .
 THe low price comes at a price . So far 3 B/W cartridges haveperformed adequately but quality not as hi as store brands orCanon originals . The first color cartridge simply did n't work.I 'm using on MP-390 which specifies BCI-21 -LRB- not -24 -RRB- , but store brand BCI-24 compatible cartridges have worked fine .
 The printer is fine , but Lexmark is horrible with not including the parts necessary to make the printer functional . You have to buy an additional $ 20.00 part just to get the printer to work in the form of an overpriced USB cable . - This cable is impossible to find as well . Our local Staples did n't have it and I had to research the web for a while to figure out where to get it !
 i do n't recommend this Z33 printer . it works for a day and stops to work the next day . i downloaded/upgraded with the newest driver , but nothing has improved . -LRB- i am running AMD-XP/win2k/256ram -RRB- DO NOT buy Z33 . INSTEAD i recommend HP825 which is very stable and similarly priced .
 Despite what the other reviewer say the low light performance of this camera is very poor . All the colors are washed out , and inaccurate ! Red show up as some kind of orange , when shooting indoor.The 1MP camera is worthless , indoors or outdoors.The only thing that this camera has going for it is its 60MB Hard Disc recording medium , and even that Sony puts a NICE disclaimer on . Backup your content often ; we are not responsible for data loss . Make one wonder if it 's worth the risk.I do not know about you , for $ $ $ I expect a camera to record my memories as I remember them . My $ $ digital camera take better move clips than this camcorder , under same lighting condition .
 No optical viewfinder . I had trouble using the LCD to compose in outdoor shots . Washed out so badly in bright sunlight I was guessing what I was filming . Critical oversight in a camera this expensive . Then again , none of the HD camcorders from Sony or JVC seem to have an optical viewfinder . Wonder why ?
 I researched and purchased the DCR-SR80 60GB Handycam for use in the classroom . After unpacking and testing the handycam I find that a special $ 100 driver needs to be purchased in addition to make it work with Mac systems . I was so annoyed that I returned the handycam and will avoid Sony products from now on . Most art schools and universities use Mac systems in thier art departments , so Sony has not thought this incompatibility out very well . I also do n't care for the touch screen . It will be a place of inevitable corrosion .
 My husband and I enjoy new technology and we purchased this camera two years ago when it was fairly new to the market . It was the worst purchase we have ever made . We were enticed by the `` one touch burn '' and fast transfer promises for backing up on our computer . We lost the software to the camera a few weeks after we purchased it - and we had not loaded it on our computer . Sony nor Pixella will replace the software . You can purchase it for $ 65 . Not exactly what I expected after paying $ 995 . In the last 18 months we have used several alternatives . We currently use Vegas Movie Studio from Sony and after a time consuming process we can burn a DVD . Not what we expected when we bought a product promising quick transfer to DVD . We basically just wanted high quality footage of our four children . My advice
 This is the only HDMI cable I have ever used which did not work . It is constructed with very small diameter cable . The video it produces is totally scrambled . Buyer beware .
 Shortly after I bought this machine based on excellent technical reviews , the price dropped by -LSB- dollar amount -RSB- , but the cost of consumables went through the roof . Toner cartridges increased ... , photo developer cartridges from ... , etc etc. . And the machine needs an endless supply of replacement parts , charger kits , oil bottles , fuser kits , roller cleaner kits , toner waste bottle , etc , etc. -- the life of which are all well less than 50 % of what they are supposedly rated for . The printer does not handle anything other than standard bond paper well , and rejects most cardstock , envelopes and glossy paper . And now , 1 week after the expiration of the warrantly period , the machine is making a horrible grinding noise , which requires a service call . Not a good record for essentially light use -- I have only printed 13,500 pages in over a year , 80 % of which are just black text .
 Look closer ! The BIG RED BUTTON is NOT the emergency button as one would think from the description of this item . The emergency button is the small red button along with all the other buttons in a row . This is NOT a good emergency phone , and especially not for seniors . I had researched and thought I understood this phone , but only after opening and reading the instuctions will you see the difficulty in using , and then it can not be returned .
 I have tried several Valence batteries . The first few weeks work fine . After about 10 recharges , the battery stops charging . It alsoget hot and started smoking . I shipped the battery back to Valence.The replacement battery also stop charging after about 13 recharges.I found out all the retailers like Best Buy , Circuit Cityetc have stopped carrying Valence batteries . Best Buy even cuts theprice by 70 percent to get rid of them.I have better luck with the original batteries that came with my Gateway and Hewlett Packard laptop computers . At least they can be recharged over 200 times and last me 2 to 3 years .
 When I tried to play MP3 disks which play OK on other machines , this turkey could n't handle any of them . It paused/stopped many times for no reason at random places on the disks . Also , there 's no speed search function available for MP3 disks . My car audio can do MP3 speed searches ; why ca n't this poorly deisnged bomb ? Do n't waste money and time on it .
 I have owned three Lexmark printers . My Lexmark laser printer -LRB- Oprtra R -RRB- was so reliable I did n't even think twice before purchasing a second Lexmark Laser . I hooked the E320 up , tried to print 20 pages of text , and the -LSB- stupid -RSB- thing jammed . I went over the install instructions again and fanned the paper about 5 times . Jammed again after the third page . I put brand new paper in the machine -LRB- unfanned -RRB- and it jammed after 4 pages . I finally returnned the printer after 6 hours -LSB- working -RSB- with it .
 I too have had problems with this , but was set to purchace another until I read the reviews here . I use it primarily for it 's FM * reception * and not for broadcast abilities . There are LOTS of choices for * that * . I agree that it requires the earsets for broadcast transmission and of course you 'd need them to receive FM -LRB- or you 'd never know what you 're not hearing ! -RRB- . The unit worked flawlessly for over a year and then without incident it developed an issue with refusing to turn on . About one day in three or four it 'll work . On the others it comes on then immediately shuts itself off . The other negative reviewers were not specific enough for me to determine if this was the same issue they were experiencing.For now , I 'll look for an alternative adapter for FM reception .
 I bought one and when I first plugged it in was unimpressed . It was weak & full of static . Then I plugged in the headphones and was crystal clear . It needs them as an antennae . It also was unhappy when the ipod was n't fully charged . It then died after a week so I returned it . Interesting idea but way too fragile . Now I need an new transmitter but they all seem to have problems .
 The Nanotune is awesome and I loved that I could take it everywhere , but it died after the second week of having it . I have exchanged it once before since it died a week after , now it died again . I wish I can find the manual to get my money back . It wo n't last if you buy it . Get some thing that holds it in place . The velcro that came with it slipped right off and it kept falling all over my car when I slowly went over a speed bump . Do not buy !
 Just stopped working ... going to return ... be careful with this one .
 I am beyond disappointed with this device , I purchased it from CompUSA and I have no problem with CompUSA , but the manufacture should take this off the shelf immediately , I had no choice but to trash it , I could n't even take it back because I live 2 hours away ! The amount I would have to pay in gas , this item has costed me over $ 100 . I 'm positive I 'm not ever buying anything from the dlo manufacture , even if they deside to redesign a robust product , it 's not worth it!I 'd rather go with the original manufacture of the iPod for compatible peripherials!I 'm sad to see this company still in business , they really need to be reported to the Better Business Bureau .
 Lot of writeup on what is great about this camera - no use repeating the same points . Let me tell you what went wrong with mine.The first D40 shipped to me had a bright green dot and a line going through every picture -LRB- from the very first shot -RRB- to the bottom of the screen . This very obvious CCD defect should have been caught at the factory if Nikon QC had been upto it.I managed to obtain a second camera and briefly compared the first unit to the second unit . Turns out - the first camera with CCD defect also had an edge sharpness issue - especially the left edge - this was only noticeable when the same picture was taken side by side with the second camera . I first did a reset on the camera and took the test shots in auto mode . My colleagues at work were really surpised when I showed them the results . Center sharpness was comparable and I was making sure that the same point was in focus on both cameras.This is not the only problem I 'm noticing with Nikon QC . My colleague also has a D40 but with 18-55 lens . The autofocus on his lens has stopped working and is going back for repairs . -LSB- Ken Rockwell is either lucky with his Nikons or the initial batches produced at the Thailand factory have better QC . -RSB- Going back to 1992 with my 35 - 70 mm kit Nikon lens that came with my N6006 - -LRB- yeah - I was naive fellow then -RRB- On this lens , the the aperture control diaphragm would get stuck in open position overexposing/ruining many a precious roll of film . The lens came back repaired from the Torrance Nikon facility under warranty . Few months later - same problem - many a runied pic - again repaired . 6 months later - same problem - this time Nikon refused to do anything saying that the extension to the warranty had expired ! So not just quality - but their repairs can suck as well.Why I still bought the D40 -1 -RRB- Great exposure accuracy with the 420 pixel ? RGB sensor . Other than this point , the other SLR 's are quite comparable . I think I really got the Nikon for this reason . I can shoot at the sun through the trees and still get the exposure correct . Amazing .2 -RRB- I still have a bunch of compatible lenses -LRB- most NOT by Nikon but which are far better than the original Nikon `` kit lens '' -RRB- . I can still use them in manual focus mode .3 -RRB- Nikon QC is really a hit/miss affair . This is my last go at Nikon - if the quality part does not pan out , I 'll e bye bye my gear and switch over to someone else - now that I am not on a student stipend ! 4 -RRB- Quite cheap at the time I got it with the 18-135 lens -LRB- forums thought it was a price mistake - turned out to be not the case -RRB- . I am no longer a fan of carrying a lot of gear and wanted an all purpose lens .5 -RRB- The lens is quite sharp -LRB- mount is plastic BTW -RRB- . But quite a bit of light fall of at the edges -LRB- very noticeable sometimes -RRB- , and geometric distortion at every focal length . Even faces look stretched when located at the edge of a photograph taken at 18mm . Note for those debating between an SRL and an advanced P/SGet an SLR for a hundred or two dollars more ! In earlier days - Point and Shoots and SLR 's used the same sensor -LRB- film -RRB- and results were often comparable . In the digital world , the SLR sensor is far far superior to your P&S ; sensor - it is as if you are using much higher quality film - -LRB- more sensitive , less grain , better dynamic range and better color rendering -RRB- . There is almost no P/S using an SLR equivalent sensor.In addition , as technology gets upgraded , you can still use your existing lens and buy only the camera body a couple of years down the road.If you think a P/S can give you image stabilization on the cheap - an SLR can do even better by letting you use high ISO 's with minimal noise . Plus you can always buy an image stabilized lens -LRB- or body - as with Pentax -RRB- . If you have a kid in the house and take a lot of `` instant '' shots with available lighting - believe me - SLR is the way to go . They focus blazingly fast and if you know how to use the camera - no flash needed.Difference between a 6 mp and higher versions - always remember - there is a factor of 4 in there . To double picture size from a 6 MP camera , you need a 24 MP camera . The actual picture size difference between a 6 and 10 mp camera is really small . You wo n't go wrong printing 12X18 with a 6 mp camera.A five star camera rated two stars because of multiple quality issues that have been experienced .
 I 've used this printer for around 3-4 months now , it works great for printing documents . However , it is quite often a pain to print on anything other than standard paper . You must manually feed in envelopes or higher quality paper such as photo paper since it will not feed from the tray . Often times with the manual feed you will get a paper width error because it is hard to feed the paper in straight . Quality of photos from this printer are so-so . I 've seen much better and also have seen worse . The compact design is pretty nice although it is quite wide and deep . Overall , this is an ok printer for an average user that just needs to print documents . I would not recommend this for anything else . I am glad I only paid ten dollars for it ...
 This is a great product . I use it at school and the volume levels are excellant . It is also so simple to operate that the children can use it . I would recommend it to anyone .
 Beware
 This printer is possibly the biggest hunk of garbage ever manufactured . We have suffered it for a couple of years simply because we rarely have to print anything . However , those rare occasions are each memorable by the bloody battle we have to wage to get this rubbish to work . When you turn it on , the first thing the monstrosity does is begin to shake and rattle and rumble until the table it 's sitting on nearly comes apart . Then it starts printing , all right ... the printer test page , over and over and over again . That 's pretty much all you get . Do n't even think about trying to print a pdf . The scanner does n't even work . This pile of trash is so bad that probably the only place you 'll be able to find one is at a landfill . Do yourself a favor and leave it there , where it belongs .
 After 11 months , the subwoofer no longer works , everything else still works and the rest of the speakers work fine.Now I have to try and get it fixed , the nearest `` Authorized Service Center '' is 120 miles away.May just have to buy another system and sell the rest of this system on ebay , or buy just a new subwoofer on ebay .
 Bought it in early 2005 . It 's now Aug , 2008 and for no reason what-so-ever the subwoofer started to just `` click off '' -LRB- turn off -RRB- during any playback -LRB- video , stereo , movie , anything -RRB- . The problem is that the only thing connecting the other 5 speakers to the DVD player is THE SUBWOOFER , so when it `` clicks off '' -LRB- God knows why , all of a sudden -RRB- , there is no sound , PERIOD ! It seems to `` click off '' at just any random happy old time , typically between 10 to 180 seconds of sound playing . Do yourself a favor , and find something else , unless you reaaly like to buy a new DVD system every couple of years and rewire the whole house .
 I should have checked with Amazon before buying this junk . The color cartridge never worked right , it stayed clogged from the beginning . I cleaned the cartridge with the software and manually and it did n't help . There is no way to tell how this thing prints because there is no color . This thing is also noisy , it makes loud squeaking noises . Well I got what I paid for . Back to the store for a refund . I know now that there is no way to find a quality printer/scanner for $ 35
 We bought the x1240 model for a pretty good price the day after Thanksgiving last year -LRB- ' 06 -RRB- . At least we thought it was a good deal . By the time we got it hooked up and running , the printing was fine . But not two days later , I tried my first scanning job ... big mistake . I got the click click click noise of machinery trying to work , but nothing happening . I had to unplug the printer in order to stop this annoying sound . After calling the Lexmark help line , they sent me this newer version ... same stupid problems . This thing prints fine , but wo n't scan or copy . Not at all worthy of the `` All-in-One '' title .
 My daughter purchased a new computer and received a X1270 as part of a bundle of extras . She already had a good printer , so she gave it to me as sort of a back-up printer . Out of the box , black ink nozzle was plugged and I never could get it to print no matter what!It is also very noisey ! . I promptly threw it into the garbage !!!!!!!!!!
 Bought it for < $ 30 + tax . Installing the software is awful . The printer driver does not work with a simple installation process although the scanner driver does . I downloaded the `` latest '' version , it did not fix the problem but then the scanner user interface completely disappeared . After install/uninstall/reboot > 10 times with a specific sequence , and including manually editing registry a few times , finally , both the printer and scanner drivers are fully operational , although I still do n't have the scanner user interface . I would not expect an average user to get it work if all drivers were not installed right the first time . After all , I decided to keep this printer/scanner since hardware works as expected , and I can use other software to operate the scanner . Customer support is reasonable through the live-chat agent but when the software is so buggy , overall you get limited help .
 It prints beautifully , the first time , every cartridge . Beyond that , it 's a crapshoot . There are times I 'll get two or three printings before either blue or yellow clogs up , rendering the whole color cartridge useless , and there are others where I 'll buy new cartridges , print something , go back to print something else in a day or two , and again , one color clogged . The black never seems to clog or dry out unless I go weeks or months without use , but the color is useless . Throw in the fact that it has fed paper crooked since day one -LRB- bad design on Lexmark 's part -RRB- , and you 'll begin to see my frustrations.Also , the two-pack of cartridges costs more than the printer itself . That probably should 've been my fist warning .
 Should be zero star rating . Since upgrading to Windows 7 this has become a paperweight . Intermittent printing and no scanning capability . Upgrading drivers does nothing . Avoid Lexmark !
 The printer came with my laptop . I think they are simply trying to get rid of the thing rather than disposing it themselves in a landfill . The printer works fine for nine months . After that , when installing a new printer cartridge , the printer will fail to detect even brand new printer cartridges . I will junk this one and just buy a better printer .
 DO N'T WAIST YOUR TIME ON THIS CHEAP PRINTER.I DID NOT LIKE THE WAY IT PRINTED FROM THE BEGINNING.I 'M GOING BACK TO A HP PRINTER .
 I had a Lexmark printer around ` 99 - ` 00 that * always * had the ink cartridges clogging up after a week or less on non-use . Hated that thing . I swore off inkjets after that experience.Fast forward to 2006 , and I got an X1240 -LRB- the old version of this printer -RRB- free with a laptop I bought this Christmas . I knew I should have put it on ebay and sold it , but stupid me opened the box . Found out that it did n't even come with both cartridges ! -LRB- which I hear is common these days -RRB- I printed an 8x10 on nice glossy photo paper and was fairly impressed given the low msrp of this printer . However , after 3 weeks of non-use , the yellow nozzles are hopelessly clogged . If I ever own another inkjet , it most certainly wo n't be a Lexmark .
 Initially I thought the editing process was easy to use with the drag and drop timeline and individual picture advancement setting . It also made the addition of audio easy to coordinate with pictures . Preview process always looked great but I could never get the final slideshow to advance on DVD player . It was a waste of time and countless CDs just to try to get a slideshow to work . As far as tech support , the company is non-existent . Get it if you want to be frustrated .
 His review was dated December of 2002 . The exact same situation still exists in July 2003 . I got the original bare-bones software with my card reader . I wanted to be able to sort albums easier and according to the info on the box , it was what I wanted . Loaded it and it was the same bare-bones program . In fact , I started looking and found the part number on my old disk matches the part number on the new disk . I do not understand how they can get away with advertising one thing and inserting another . The example screens promised on the box are not the ones on the disk . The instruction manual is the right one for the box but not for the disk they put in the box.And Stephen is correct again about customer support . Worse than non-existent . They promise the world and deliver nothing.I will never by any product with this company 's name again .
 My wife got this for me last Christmas . I was expecting more and got less . I did get it to work and I did create a VCD format CDR but I would recommend a more powerful program . Some of the drawbacks I found1 -RRB- Music can only be MP3 -LRB- I had to find a program to convert my WMA 's and other formats to MP3 -RRB- 2 -RRB- Limit of 200 pictures is actually 100 unless you do some crazy workaround , I do n't remember how I FINALLY got it up to 200 -LRB- which is n't nearly enough for me to do a year 's worth of picrues -RRB- 3 -RRB- The preview mode is cheesy . In order to view the pictures and music together you have to play from the beginning every time , you can not preview from 1/2 way though the presentation .4 -RRB- No way to sort and store photos5 -RRB- Not everyone 's DVD supports the VCD format that this program burns to.My advice
 I received the WRONG CD in the box -- apparantly an earlier edition that did not allow for drop and drag editing or adding of audio , as specified in advertising and on the box . The manual included did not match the screens and options which appeared when I loaded my software.You would think this problem would be rather simple to solve . But it 's not . Simply can not contact Dazzle about it ! Called their non-toll free help line , and was on hold for an hour before I gave up . Dazzle did not respond to my e-mail . Too bad they do n't care more about their customers . Product has promise , but when you ca n't even get an answer to a simple question , that promise remains unfulfilled .
 I had read an article on DVD slide shows in Popular Photography andthought it would be fun to try . I had picked OnDVD because of the price , if I did n't like it it would n't be a loss . The program was easy to use and fun , untill I tried to burn the cd.I had problems burning it on a cd , I tried to call the tech support , which is not toll free and stayed on hold for 20 minutes then gave up . I faxed Dazzle and had no responce . They have a chat forum which others had the same problems I did . I will probably go with something like `` DVD PICTURE SHOW '' next time which seems to have a good reviews . I guess I got what I paid for .
 GARBAGE SOFTWARE & NONEXISTANT SERVICECongratulation to those of you who got this ... to work . I 'd certainly like to know how you did it . I 've tried it on two relatively new and up to date computers and could not get it to function properly on either one . The software appeared to function OK until it came time to actually write to the CD and then , nothing . I 've wasted countless hours and CDs trying to get this stuff to work . And I know there is nothing wrong with my computers or CD writers because they both work with Easy CD Creator.As for the service , what a joke . NONEXISTANT , a huge amount of time wasted.SAVE YOUR MONEY ... BUY ROXIO -LRB- or something else -RRB- ! It may not be as easy tp use but it DOES work .
 After purchasing OnDVD , I expected great performance based on the great advertising on the box . However , I was quickly dismayed since the program plays the audio track great , but fails to change the slides as adveritised . Although they have a tech web site , with methods of e-mailing them for tech support , they never answer back . In reviewing their public discussion groups , I noticed -LRB- unfortunately after purchasing the product -RRB- that others have the same problem with the product , and are still awaiting 3 months later for any resolution by Dazzle .
 I installed this software and when launched it did n't even get past the splash screen before `` encountering a problem and needing to close '' . I 'm really glad I bought this through Marketplace and only paid a penny for it . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I found that this product does not work with VISTA operating software , therefore I ca n't use it .
 this just died one day . without warning , dead . Ink was very expensive and the Wifi was tough to set up . It is long gone but Amazon suggested I review it ...
 This product never arrived with the rest of my order , so it 's pretty hard to give any kind of review on it ? right ?
 After using it for only a few hours , it started skipping through selections on the CD -LRB- though the same CD played fine on my PC and portable CD player -RRB- . It also would not play CD at all ; mssg said there was no CD installed -- even though I checked and rechecked to make sure it was properly placed and otherwise working.Sound quality was ok.Won ' t buy this brand again .
 Be careful when buying toner cartridges on Amazon . Mine came from a different vendor , but they ARE NOT NEW OEM as advertised . Mine were reloads that were not properly done , leaked toner , put streaks on the page and loaded the inside of my printer with toner that still contaminates my pages even after new cartridge from manufacturer -LRB- Dell 1700 -RRB- . BE CAREFUL !!
 When I opened the toner package , black powder went all over the office . It was completely useless .
 This toner cartridge only lasted 3 months before it started giving sporadic output . The other brand I bought lasted almost two years and the one before that more than one year and neither of those ever went sporadic , they ran out of toner . This one does not show that it is low or out of toner -LRB- and it should not be yet -RRB- , but it is not printing on 1/3 of the page . If I shake it , it will print 1 page good and the start being sporadic again . Avoid this brand . The good one I bought was sold by inkers .
 I purchased this product from GTS aka greattoners and it was pure junk . Gummed up printer and left huge black blotches on the paper with fibers sticking out of it . I wrote to greattoners twice through Amazon and they never responded . STAY AWAY from ` greattoners ' but other sellers may be fine .
 Slow Start up - that 's new technology for youMovies froze - had to power down the entire unit and start over againHad to update firmware which fixed most of the frozen moviesDVD Players say 's `` CA N'T Play Disc '' even when the the tray is open and I putting in the disc for the first time.One unit just failed on me and ca n't play DVDs anymore -LRB- NO DISC Error message -RRB- . I have to pay to have this shipped back to Sony to fix.There must be a better way and I wonder if the other brand BLU-RAY DVD players are far superior to this Sony.Update - I just updated to the latest firmware on my working Sony Blu-Ray DVD player to 3.95 so hopefully this should resolve most of the problems . I have heard good reviews on the new 350 so that is probably a better option for those wanting to buy a Blu-Ray DVD player now.Updated as of August 2010 - obviously the current Blu-Ray DVD Players are much better now with faster load up times and wo n't freeze as much as long as you update the software . Software updating is much easier now too with the networked , streaming BD players out there now . I am still a Sony Fan .
 Takes almost 2 minutes to open up the CD/DVD tray and takes another 2 minutes to load the movie . Also , it freezes picture sometime . As per as the quality of the picture goes it is pretty good though .
 My neighbor and I each bought one of these after previously buying a Toshiba A2 player which we have been using for about 1 year . We both came to the same conclusion
 Quick ... buy this player and raise the frustration level of your movie viewing experience to previously unimaginable levels . This player is sooooo slow I actually age while movies are loading . About 25 percent of the time , the following day , when the movie finally does load , the player shuts off after you select `` play movie '' . Several times while in the middle of films the player has just shut off . Knowing that by the time I actually get the movie loaded again and to the scene where I had left off I would no longer be in the intended age demographic of the studio , I have seen several films only half way through . This makes me seem very moronish around the water cooler . Honestly , I do n't know how sony , which usually builds quality items , could consider this product ready for the market . In the interest of fairness , once you do get going the picture is excellent . I am running the player through a JVC HD-100 projector onto a 120 inch Stewart screen and have no complaints about image quality . Oh yeah , when you are finally finished with the large chunk of your life you have committed to the process you have to get the DVD out . Pushing the eject button requires you to summon all of your remaining patience to avoid throwing the thing out the window as it takes several minutes just for the tray to move . My theatre is on the first floor , but when I finally do throw this thing out the window I will carry it up to my third floor deck to increase my level of satisfaction .
 The format war is over . Time to buy a Blu-Ray , right?WRONG !!! WARNING : Blu-Ray 2.0 compatible stand alone players will not hit the market until December of 2008 . The current players will NOT be forward compatible . In a nutshell , this means if you buy a stand alone player NOW then sooner or later you will purchase a disc with special features you CAN NOT access without buying a new Blu-Ray stand alone player.The ONLY future-proof Blu-Ray device is the PS3 !!
 Very SLOW response to any command change . Poor and confusing navigation . Very sensitive to the slightest problem with any disk Blu-ray or DVD so not suitable for use with rental disks . Firmware upgrades not corrective by any means , most recent update v3 .8 done on 4/12/08 . I received this as a gift , I feel bad for the people that so generously gave me this item.It does do a good job up-sampling DVDs , when it will play them .
 This machine has always been slow the start and the BD loading time is endless . Now it sticks on the 2nd command you give it . Tried a hard reset -LRB- power/stop -RRB- and firmware update , just to jog it back into reality . Ca n't pull up the system menu.Verdict
 I have had it with this machine . It has always been ridiculously slow to load and if you get the least impatient , it will lock up on you . So I have disciplined myself to go slow and wait for each action to completion . I have had the machine for just barely over a year and tonight it just starts displaying a green screen and shutting itself down . Once it shuts down , it is frozen . I called technical support and they told me I had to leave it powered down for 10 minutes to reset itself . That worked but it did n't play for even 5 minutes when it did it again . I then contacted online support and they at least explained how to reset the player manually . With the power on you hold down the stop button and hit the power button . It works , but then a couple of minutes later , it shuts itself down again . Tech support generously offered to give me the name of a repair service in my area , but everyone knows that electronic equipment costs more to repair than to replace.I am not buying another Sony machine , nor am I buying Blu-Ray . I do n't see enough benefit in the picture to justify the aggravation
 After doing some extensive research , it seems that this model suffers from some inherently fatal flaws . Google the BDP S300 and you 'll find literally THOUSANDS of complaints about the same problem . It is prone to lockups , skipping , and the dreaded `` NO DISC '' error that seems all too common.Of course , Sony blames it on the discs , but in truth , the problem seems to lie in hard drive crashes that occur in as little as two months after purchase . Sony also tells you to make sure you have the latest firmware update -LRB- the latest is v4 .90 -RRB- , but they know that once you get the `` NO DISC '' error regardless of the type of disc , it 's too late ... the software wo n't read the update disc either.This is such a widespread problem , and Sony is well aware , but once your warranty expires , you 're on your own.The BDP S300 is nothing more than an expensive doorstop . Better to research and buy another brand that is up to date and much more reliable .
 i bought this blu-ray player for the obvious reason , it 's cheap . well that 's exactly what it is . it 's almost worthless . the 6 minutes from inserting disc to the first play of the disc -LRB- not actually playing the movie , and not even the menu , just the 20th century fox type things -RRB- was just a waste of time . not to mention , the unit wo n't even play movies ! i get stuck listening to the menu music for 25 minutes waiting for some picture ... that never comes . i put X-Men First Class in and it would n't even load the menu all the way , i got music . i tried a few other movies , same thing . HUGE WASTE OF MONEY . and a lot of time . you might as well spend the extra 30 dollars and get one at wal-mart . the only reason this product gets a one star rating , is that i had to give it something otherwise my post would n't be accepted ... so technically , 0 stars!i will be sending this back to the seller , and i will be buying something NOT SONY .
 Let me preface my review by saying that I have owned several Sony products -LRB- televisions , stereo equipment , video equipment , etc. -RRB- and have always been quite pleased with the performance and quality . My experience with the Sony BDP-S300 Blu-ray player has been a completely different story . First of all , the Blu-ray player arrived with an out of date operating system , which required a firmware update -LRB- the first of two , which had to be sent by snail mail , since updates can not be downloaded onto a Mac -RRB- . Both updates took several weeks to arrive , rendering my Blu-ray player useless , and creating an inconvenience . Shortly after the second update , the Sony factory 12 month warranty had lapsed . My Blu-ray player would not play any disks -LRB- DVD or Blu-ray , new or old -RRB- . I called Sony customer for troubleshooting assistance , and after several processes to reset the player were attempted , the customer service rep advised me that I would need to send it in to Sony for repair at a cost of $ 200.00 . When I explained that I did not wish to spend that much money to have it repaired , he suggested that I order a new one from him . I had to laugh . Why would anyone purchase a second Sony Blu-ray player after having such a negative experience with the first ? My Sony BDP-S300 lasted just over one year . The machine that the Sony BDP-S300 replaced was an inexpensive , 9 year old RCA DVD player , which by the way , was still working when it was replaced . I made the mistake of giving it away . Needless to say , Sony will no longer be high on my list when purchasing new electronics . Buyer beware !
 This is the worse purchase I have made . It plays not blue Ray fine , but not blue Ray.Sony rep tells me I need updates every few weeks . 5 to 7 day , and the movie rental is only 5 days . Save your money and get on demand .
 Blu-ray players came out before they were ready . I have had two different kinds of blu-ray players - one from samsung and one from sony - and have not overused or abused them in any way . Neither worked much beyond a year , and only samsung was willing to take some blame . For no good reason , they just stop working . For the cost of repair , you almost want to just get a new one . I 'm not getting another one until I am absolutely sure the model I 'm getting is rock solid . What a joke and a waste of money . This particular model just stopped accepting discs and had to be shipped in for `` replacement '' -LRB- ie , a refurbished unit -RRB- at the cost of over $ 140 bucks . Thanks for standing behind your products , SONY . Never again .
 Had this device for one year . In shop 4 times , now warrantee is up . You have to update it constantly by disk . Now it wo n't work at all . Do n't buy
 I purchased this unit refurbished -LRB- 90 day warranty -RRB- from Sony about a year ago for a little used home theatre in a summer home . The unit worked well initially with great picture and sound . It does take a long time to boot . About a month ago , the unit displayed a `` no disc '' error message on the front whenever any disc was inserted . All the troubleshooting tricks -LRB- disc cleaning , rebooting , etc. -RRB- failed to help . I could n't upgrade the firmware because the burned disc also would not be accepted . Since it was out of warranty , Sony would not exchange or repair unless I payed the $ 149 standard -LRB- for any problem -RRB- repair fee . I 'm disappointed but not bitter . Do a quick google search for BDP-S300 `` no disc '' error to see that this apparently is not a rare occurance . Anyway , I got an excuse to upgrade to a Samsung player that allows for streaming movies from Netflix !
 This player is very slow to load movies . Some people have reported 10-15 minute load times . I would n't know , as I have n't gotten it to load a movie at all yet . Apparently , the incompatibility and slow load problem is ameliorated somewhat with firmware upgrades , but in their infinite wisdom , Sony distributes firmware not as an ISO image , but as a . EXE that somehow expands into an ISO , which means Mac users have to scrounge around for the ISO on fora.Disney movies often do n't play at all . Wall-E in particular causes problems . Supposedly , firmware 4.5 solves this issue , but I would n't know . I ca n't find the ISO of the firmware to burn . I could n't even find the current firmware version without digging through to find a hidden menu -LRB- System Menu > Video Setup > TV Type > 16:9 > Blue button -RRB- when obviously the firmware version is critically important on this -LRB- and perhaps other -RRB- Blu-Ray players.Overall , I 'm unimpressed . The saving grace of the BDP S301 -LRB- which is identical to the S300 -RRB- is that I got it from a friend who was so furious with it , he bought another one and threw this one away in my direction , so it did n't cost me anything but time .
 I am forced , sadly , to agree with the negative reviews , this unit skips and freezes and is useless , of course it is well past it 's return date and I did not waste money on worthless extended service plan . $ 400 down the drain -LRB- much less now of course -RRB- I bought the 350 for my mother for christmas , that one does not work now either .
 Enjoyed the player for 6 months , then it died . We put in a movie , the menu came up for a second and then the player showed `` No Disk '' . We sprayed it out with canned air , ran a cleaning disk through it , tried CD 's , DVD 's , other BD movies , no luck.We have owned lots of CD and DVD players over the years , this is the first one that has ever died . We now have a big expensive paper weight , boo .
 I bought this player at Best Buy today and I am returning it . It does n't upconvert as good as the Toshiba HD-XA2 . I do n't own any HD DVD 's yet but I just ordered one from Amazon today .
 I recently upgraded my living room to a modest hi-def system to prepare for a larger remodelling of my theater room . To weigh out the results , I purchased a 46 '' Polaroid HD LCD and aToshiba HD-A20 1080p HD DVD Playerplayer and theSony BDP-S300 1080p Blu-ray Disc Player . I wanted to see the results of both Blu-Ray and HD DVD before investing in more expensive units.I must say that the image and sound quality of the Blu-Ray player is quite impressive , but as noted in other reviews - loading -LRB- waiting -RRB- times for certain discs are very slow . HDMI hookup was easy and the menu system worked great . At first sight the DVD upscaling was astonishing . But ... there is always a but ... I also had to upgrade the firmware twice since purchasing , which was less than 3 months ago . Out of the box , it needed a firmware upgrade to play most of the recently released movies . Very recent movies , such asSuperbad -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , Ratatouille -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- , andLive Free or Die Hard -LSB- Blu-ray -RSB- needed a firmware 3.30 - which stalled and eventually crippled my unit with a permanent `` NO DISC '' display statement to every attempt . The install did not recognize and since then it refuses to play any discs - including standard DVDs , CDs , as well as Blu-Ray Discs . I contacted their 800 number twice and spent about an hour over the 2 days going through system saving steps , unfortunately all failed . Be careful with your firmware updates - they are both necessary , yet another root of other more hazardous problems.If need be you may want to purchase an extended warranty to save yourself from this kind of problem ; this is what I should 've done . I was lucky enough to be within my warranty which gave me full protection for parts & labor -LRB- not including UPS shipping fees to Sony -RRB- . But , if this had been after the waranty ? This could 've been a potentially expensive technological occurrence . And , what about next time?There needs to be a ethernet port or some other way to access updates online direct to this player , a wireless method possibly ? My Toshiba HD DVD player has the CAT-5 ethernet port and it makes updating -LRB- not exactly simple -RRB- more flexible . Sony 's website offers the image -LRB- ISO -RRB- burn to DVDR method for updating , but this seems unpolished at best . The steps for Sony 's firmware update are so precise and drawn out , but ultimately imperfect in design . The mail away disc is easy enough , but this takes at least 7 business days . Expect more and more updates too . I originally called on a 2.6 firmware update disc in September and they were backordered . The expected delay was somewhere between 3-4 weeks before delivery . All of this was right before I found out that a 3.20 and even 3.30 were available soon after.If you are someone that purchases lots of new movies -LRB- I.E. the new releases every Tuesday -RRB- , then beware that the movie content / security updates are constantly driving the player software updates - which are so hurried that they may or may not have major glitches . You will most likely need an update straight out of the box , so check the Sony website OFTEN.Currently my player has been sent off for repairs and is at Sony in PA. . In the meantime I have decided to fall back on aSharp Aquos BDHP20U 1080p Blu-Ray Disc Player . I decided to not purchase another Blu-Ray S300 , so that should be a big hint to how I feel about buying this unit . For all of the enjoyment I received from it , there was equal anguish . I can neither say it 's the worst or the best , but I can say the possibility exists for problems similar to my own . Honestly I wanted to give a 2.5 stars -LRB- somewhere in the middle -RRB- , but I left it at 2 stars instead of rounding up . The Blu-Ray technology needs more trial and error experience , unfortunately we are the $ 400-per-unit-guinea pigs.Update as of 12-10-2007 - TheSharp Aquos BDHP20U 1080p Blu-Ray Disc Playerthat I purchased has restored my faith in Blu-Ray technology . Nothing is ever perfect , but this is proof of progress at least . See my review for details . I really like this player , hands down the better of these two designs.Update as of 01-09-2008 - My player is unfixable . The firmware update 3.30 somehow ruined the hard drive , so it 's unfixable . Sony gave me the choice of waiting a couple of months for a refurbished unit or paying $ 200 more for a new S500 series player -LRB- the next cheapest unit available direct from Sony -RRB- . I elected -LRB- and with protest -RRB- to upgrade to the S500 , which now is unavailable . What was to be a 5-7 day wait now has gone to over a month . Where does this all end ? If I was shopping for a Blu-ray player today , the S300 would be my last choice . The price has dropped on Amazon nearly $ 80 in the last few months , yet it is still only slightly cheaper than some players designed recently - The S300 's drive is an old design that Sony is currently still supporting with firmwares -LRB- but for how much longer ? -RRB- . Sony customer reps told me that they have not been producing this unit for some time now , it 's a 2006 design - which in this market of ever-changing technology is a lifetime ago.P.S . - Since my first review at least 2 more firmware updates have released for this unit making at least 5 firmwares changes since September of 2007 that I am aware of .
 I have nothing good to say about this Blu Ray player . In my opinion , Sony 's products are usually excellent but this is an exception.I have gone through 2 of these players in the past month . Both had similar problems , the first unit locked up solid while playing DVD 's -LRB- several different factory pressed DVD 's with no defects -RRB- . When I say locked up , I mean the player was totally unresponsive and had to be unplugged in order to gain control again . After returning the first player as defective , I got a second Sony unit . The second player had similar problems but also it locked up solid while playing Blu Ray discs as well . I checked to make sure the firmware was the latest on both players and it was.The lock ups are not the only issue that I had with these players . They are very slow to start up and slow to load Blu Ray discs . Compared to the player that I bought to replace the Sony , the Sony 's are extremely slow to respond to commands -LRB- fast forward , reverse , chapter skip , etc. . . -RRB- and slow loading.I purchased this player based on the reveiws here at Amazon.com and my personal experience with Sony products . I was stunned when I had problems with BOTH players . Who knows , maybe it was a fluke and I just happened to get two defective Sony Blu Ray players . I would like to think that is the case . I always had great luck with Sony products in the past and have owned several . In my opinion they just did n't get this one model right for some reason.If you are in the market for a good reliable Blu Ray player , you might want to consider the Panasonic DMP-BD10A listed here : Panasonic DMP-BD10AK 1080p Blu-ray Disc PlayerThat is the player that I purchased after returning the second Sony player and I am VERY pleased with it . It 's very responsive and has no issues with freezing or locking up at all . The picture quality of the Blu Ray 's is superb on my Sony 50 '' HDTV .
 I know technology , and I like good quality . I 'm like the blu-ray technology , but I 'm not impressed with Sony 's implementation on the hardware.I had intended to wait at least six months ago before purchasing a BluRay player , but when my Sony 400 Disc Progressive Scan 1080i output DVD player 's motor went out , I was facing $ 250 + to repair it , $ 399 for an identical replacement , or $ 499 for the BDP-S300 player , -LRB- or $ 75-100 for a single DVD player w / progressive scan & component output -RRB- . I opted for the BDP-S300 , but since I can still return the unit , I just might.The biggest issue is that the interface is extremely annoying . Expect strange delays in many aspects of the user experience . The responsiveness of the player , whether using the front-panel buttons or the remote leaves the user waiting and wondering if the device is working or not.The package comes with a `` warning '' that the initial power-up will take some time , but that in the future , operations will be faster . Faster is a relative term , and it should not be construed to mean fast.Even after the very slow initial startup , the unit remains very slow . For example , it takes about 30 seconds after pushing the power button before the `` power on '' display shows up . It takes about 45 seconds from power up until you can insert a disc . Sometimes , after getting NO response to pressing the button , I 'm wondering if my button press registered or not , so I 'll press it again . Low and behold , the disc tray will open - and close - before I can get a disc on the tray . This is very annoying.Watching a disc can also be frustrating . Incrementing chapters is inconsistent , and with the inconsistent responsiveness of the unit , it is sometimes difficult to advance to a desired movie chapter.If you are going from a very old or very cheap DVD player to the Blu-Ray , then you will notice an improvement in quality . If you are going from a high-end DVD player with component output and progressive scan , you will not notice AS much a gain in quality - not enough to justify NOT waiting 6 months to a year before purchasing a sucessor to this player . My advice , wait a little longer - say around November or December 2007 . Mine is going back to the store .
 I run LG 's Super Blu and Sony 's S300 next to each other . The Sony is by far the most irritating piece of equipment I 've ever owned.Everything is painfully slow . Walk up to it and press the open button , and you wait about 70 seconds -LRB- no exaggeration -RRB- for it to open.Loading Blu-Ray 's typically takes anywhere 5 to 15 minutes . Sometimes it will have an error where it justs loads forever -LRB- eventually you figure it out -RRB- . I usually open it up and put a disk in , come back in 5 minutes when the menu is up , then hit play , then come back in another 5 to 10 minutes after the movie has actually loaded and just rewind a little.The fast forward settings are irritating . It just takes seconds for it to change speeds.It even takes 9 seconds for my LCD to disconnect from it . I do n't know if it 's the TV or the player , I just know that everything is painfully slow , as if it were running a poor quality computer inside .
 The picture and sound are great , there 's no doubt about that , but this player is slow as a tortoise to do anything.I actually own two high definition TVs and each one has a Blu-Ray player attached . On one I 've got the Sony BDP-S300 and on the other I 've got the Panasonic DMP-BD30 . There is a huge difference in speed and responsiveness between the two players ! Let me give you some very specific examples : The Sony is powered off because you have n't been using it . You decide you want to watch a movie . So , you push the eject button to open the disc tray so that you can load a movie in to it . Well , after you push the eject button you might as well go pour yourself a Coke ... because the disc tray does n't open for an agonizingly slow 45 seconds after you push that eject button ! The Panasonic boots up and opens in less than half the time
 Terrible product by Sony . Yes the picture is great , but it does n't outweigh the hassle of > 2 minute warmup time , flimsy remote , extremely poor upscaling and very few bells and whistles -LRB- did n't even have ` time left ' feature -RRB- . Spend your hard earned cash on the new BDP-S350 . Same price , half the size , better picture , easier navigation , minimal warmup time , etc.Mine is running on a 52 '' Sony Bravia and it is incredible !
 I had to update firmware on this thing every other month yet still half the time it does not want to play a regular DVD Disk . I power on my old -LRB- from 2001 or so -RRB- $ 60 Panasonic DVD player and it plays every DVD . This `` high end device '' from SONY does not.When it works I have no problems with it . Picture quality is good , so is audio.Load times are SLOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOW . Yup . That slow.Normal blue ray watching routine :1 . turn player ON2 . go check email , or create a salad , or whatever else that takes about 5 minutes .3 . come back ... player is powered ON4 . load disk ... . go back to step 2 . Seriously easily 5 min from power ON to watch . Very upsetting if I think about it . But all this would have not brought me here to write this if the damn thing would only work and be backward compatible with regular DVDs but it is often not and that is just unacceptable.DO NOT BUY THIS !
 This is an awful device . Sometimes it plays a Blu ray disc , then if you try to play it again , it can not read it , then it plays it the next day - I am quite familiar with washing discs to make them play and this problem is unrelated to the condition of the disc . Second , it takes ages to load and play discs - very very sluggish . Then the firmware updates Sony issues are windows only - they distribute . exe self extracting files which expand to provide a . iso - no idea why the geniuses there have n't worked out that they could just distribute the . iso and save Mac users like me the headache of having to use a windows machine somewhere to update the firmware.Basically , I regret this purchase and recommend that you pass on this device .
 I am a long-time SONY purchaser - amps , CD players , digital and video cameras , TVs , but am really frustrated with this particular model.My low rating comes not from the initial specs and useage -LRB- which I was quite pleased about and would have rated a 4 * -RRB- but due to an apparent common hardware problem with these players . This past month my player froze on a rental disk and would also not play older BD disks from my library -LRB- these had all played fine before -RRB- . A no disk or cant play disk message now comes on for all disk types . I dont have the latest firmware -LRB- 5.2 -RRB- , but had upgraded to 4.9 last fall . I was just about to install 5.2 when this problem occurred . Some people have tried to upgrade the firmware to solve compatibility problems , but havent been able to complete the process , and thus are left with a player that wont function at all.Now , the thing is I have been searching online through various user forums and I have seen well over 20 similar stories of peoples ' BDP-S300 's stopping disk playback.Some people have returned theirs for servicing -LRB- at a high cost -RRB- ; others have trashed them.So , I would not recommend people taking a chance on this model , if you still find it around , either new , or particularly if used
 I ca n't believe how incredibly slow this player is in loading disks , powering up and even ejecting disks . I had a lot of problems playing half the blu-ray disks I rented until I updated the firmware but that did not speed up the other functions . I love the picture quality however .
 I was an early adopter - purchasing the s300 in October 2007 - and had no difficulties with it until December 2008 . I subsequently purchased the second generation PS3 and the S350 in November 2008 . In December 2008 , our s300 starting freezing up in the middle of playback of Blu-ray disks . We updated -LRB- my computer scientist son is a systems analyst -RRB- to FW 4.3 , then FW 4.4 , then FW 4.5 . The first two firmware updates did nothing to fix the Blu-Ray-playback freeze-ups -LRB- regular DVDs still played fine -RRB- . The most recent FW 4.5 caused the s300 to fail to load any types of disks . I suspect that something beyond simple software problems is affecting the S300 . I am quite surprised because I have never had a problem with Sony -LRB- five receivers , four DVD players , two CD players , two tape decks in over 30 years -RRB- . Based on my reading of Internet blogs at various sites , I suspect that the S300 has a part that fails within a too-short period of time .
 I ca n't tell you how disappointed I am with Sony and this product . I am sorry I ever purchased it . I have had it repaired once by Sony and yet blu-ray discs continue to freeze up and I have to shut the system down and restart , I clean the discs as well , only to have it freeze in a new place ! Some wo n't even play ! I also bought one of their surround sound systems and it is now in for repairs . I must say that I do n't think I will ever be buying a Sony product again ! Garbage , garbage , garbage !
 the quality is very good but it does not read all Blu-Ray DVDs nor standard DVDs . I upgraded the firmware & saw no appreciable difference . I still think I received adequate value for my $ 200 investment .
 rating is for current price , gold box $ 299 , its not worth it to me . sub $ 100 and i will give it serious consideration . also , the software is still too pricey . is someone in sony land getting the picture yet ?
 if I only knew it was an obsolete player when I bought it . yes the picture is good , the sound is good , but I do not like to wait up to 31/2 minutes to `` watch '' a movie . the load time should be consistent between movies . even the response time from remote commands vary as well , slow to load slow to respond . the remote is cool looking but to cluttered around the arrow pad in the middle . come on who needs quick access to 3 different menu buttons ???? has anyone seen what is required to look up the firmware version ? go to the system menu without a movie playing , go to video , go to screen shape , click on screen shape , press one of the colored buttons ?????????? who out there need access to change resolution with just a click of a button ? hope you do not have a 1080i or 720p tv with kids around that are button happy . by the way you can only upgrade the firmware by a disc which it make take doing a few times for it to take the upgrade . I am probably one of the few that realize this player has been obsolete and inferior since its creation . anyone want to buy a second gen. betamax ? seriously I will be selling it because of its inferiority . I do not know if I will buy anything to replace it though . final thoughts
 This player had the potential for being Sony 's finest BluRay player yet . Unfortunately Sony lied to its customers ' yet again offering Dolby True HD functionality but no Dolby True HD . Fact is , this player relies on DD and DTS that are available via coax/SPDIF -RRB- , optical and analog wires . You can get uncompressed PCM but you will need a high tech HDMI 1.1 capable amp . Otherwise , you will not be able to listen to all the other advanced methods of providing audio .
 I got the ps3 and xbox hd dvd player both play movies great and all but the stand alone players for blu ray are a little bit pricey considering you can gat a video game system and blu ray player for almost the same price no brainer or another smart move by sony to sell more ps3 's . . but it dosent seem to be working all to well ... on another note DreamWorks Animation , Paramount have just announced hd dvd exclusive support ! that means no transformers or shrek or blades of glory on blu ray ! ouch ...
 not really worth it . I would recommend getting an upconverting player at $ 70.00 - $ 100.00 , it will save a lot of hassle and save you money as you won `` t have to buy the blu-ray disc .
 Do not buy this player if you have a SACD collection or are intending to buy Super CDS . Sony BDP-S300 Does Not Support Super CDs . People buying the latest and the greatest equipment normally already have high end components therefore I see a lot of returns of this product . Why did Sony abandon it Own technology -- Super CDs ? I will continue to use my Sony DVD with uplinking capabilities that plays my SACD collection and will buy a future generation of Blue-Ray that supports SACD . Not Now !
 You 'll grow very old waiting for the functions on this player . When the power is turned on , it takes 60-90 sec . to `` wake up '' . Then as you use the remote to give it commands , -LRB- i.e. door open-close -RRB- it takes about 40 sec . for each command to be fulfilled . The picture is great but if you like quick , crisp command execution -- this player will frustrate the hell out of you .
 This player is too far into the blu-ray lifecycle to be this ssslllooowww.Save yourself the aggrivation and pick up a playstation3 . I 've installed several of these , and they are so slow and there sddvd performance is so average I only gave it two stars because there are some cool blu-ray titles out there The bdp-s500 is substantially better in all regards .
 Takes for ever to warm up , turn off , respond to any &#34; command . &#34; If you accidentally press the wrong button on the remote , you have to start all over again .
 I bought this several years ago when the HD/Blue Ray wars ended.I purchased several Blue Ray discs and was content with the initial viewing . Although it was unconscionably slow in loading - or even opening the DVD tray - the viewing was crisp , clear and very exciting to watch.Then I purchased something else - and it would n't play . I had to update the firmware . But as I live in a Mac-environment , the burning of the CD with the appropriate software was not easily accomplished . So I had to order the firmware -LRB- for free -RRB- which Sony delivered two weeks after ordering.Then it happened again . And a third time . Every time I try to watch a new release -LRB- The Dark Knight , Quantum of Solace -RRB- I find myself in this loop of -LRB- 1 -RRB- needing new software , -LRB- 2 -RRB- ordering it and -LRB- 3 -RRB- waiting 2-3 weeks to watch the DVD that I purchased.It 's too bad that Sony has never heard of wireless connectivity that might allow for the player to be updated automatically . Or even asked if I ALWAYS wanted new firmware updates even without being asked.This is nonsense . I have no idea whether they have improved their most recent releases , but I would be very wary of Sony Blue ray players .
 Page 5 of the owner 's manual -LRB- BDP-S300 / 301 -RRB- states , `` This player supports BD-ROM Profile 1 only . Playback of later versions and BDs other than BD-ROM is not guaranteed . Since the Blu-ray Disc specifications are new and evolving , some discs may not play depending on the disc type and the version ... `` If you do n't care to watch the extras that profile 1.1 and 2.0 provide , it does n't matter , as you may not be able to watch the disc at all , i.e. I , Robot . I have latest firmware as of this posting , 3.80 . Key features of the Sony BDP-S350 that is scheduled to come out summer 2008 : Supports BonusView , which means it is Profile 1.1 compliantBD-Live ready , which means it can gain BD-Live capability with a firmware updateEthernet port for firmware upgradesSupports 1080p output at both 24 and 60 frames per secondOnboard decoding for Dolby Digital Plus and Dolby TrueHDBitstream output for Dolby TrueHD and DTS-HD Master AudioAbout $ -LSB- ... -RSB- list price . -LSB- ... -RSB- Update
 We have owned an s301 , which is technically identical to the s300 , for about a month and have been very pleased with the video performance . Audio is great with PCM lossless -LRB- but read further for the problem with audio -RRB- . Like most HD players , it is slower than the cheapest DVD player , but that is okay , we have come to expect it and that no longer bothers us.The problem with this player is that it does not output Dolby TrueHD or DTS-HD MA in any way , shape or form . The closest it comes is transcoding the audio to plain old Dolby Digital or a somewhat better DTS . Wow , classic DVD audio performance at a Blu-ray price . The real problem comes from some studios moving away from PCM lossless audio to TrueHD and DTS-HD MA . These include Sony Pictures whose latest release announcements have TrueHD only and FOX who is releasing only in DTS-HD MA , which very few players can play properly at all.If you care anything about audio , I can not recommend this player . If you do n't have the whole home theater setup , but a nice TV , I guess you can get it if the price is cheap enough .
 I purchased this unit several months ago and it seemed ok until I started to play some of the latest Blue-Ray movies such as `` Kung Fu Panda '' and `` Walleye '' neither one would play in this unit ! I contacted Sony and they point the finger at Disney . They ran me thru 20 minutes testing to see what `` FIRM '' ware I had on my machine and discovered I already had theLatest '' version which is -LRB- 4.30 -RRB- so which means there so called latest version `` IS NOT '' ! This is a continuing problem with the `` BDP-S300 and 301 '' . Not a happy consumer ! I would look at other brands and skip the SONY 's for now !
 Please , please , please , do n't waste your time or money . Unless you have time and money to burn , this is a very frustrating machine . Be very cautious before purchasing this dvd player . There is a blatant scandal going on with the blu-ray player . We recently updated our home theater system with a new Samsung flat screen TV , surround sound , and DVD player . We had the entire system professionally installed . We spent a lot of money and wanted to purchase the best technology available at this time . Since we have the blu-ray player , we purchased a contract with Netflix so we can get blu-ray movies . We received our first move , The Departed . The movie does n't work in our blu-ray player . After speaking with two representatives and a manager , the situation is still not rectified . We tried to download the update for our 2 month old blu-ray player from the Sony website , but were unable to `` burn '' the necessary software . I should n't have to be a computer genius to get this software , nor should I be made to feel inadequate because my computer does n't have the proper DVD burner . -LRB- I have a fairly new Dell laptop -RRB- . We spent extra money for this blu-ray DVD player . Then we purchased a netflix subscription to get the blu-ray movies . We should n't have to buy a new DVD burner to get updates . These updates should be sent AS NEEDED to all blu-ray customers by parcel post with no questions asked . According to the manager that I spoke with , there have been 7 updates for blu-ray . Am I going to have to call every couple of months to get updates ? This software should be sent to me BEFORE this type of situation arises . I should n't have had to sit on the phone for over an hour on a Friday night to watch a movie . The manager was so unpleasant and even told me that this update should be `` simple to install . '' Obviously for the `` average Joe , '' this is n't simple because it 's 10:30 on a Friday night and I still ca n't watch a DVD on my blu-ray player . So , I 've wasted money on a blu-ray DVD player . I 've wasted money on a netflix subscription . I 've wasted money on professional installation . According to Sony 's manager , I have the right to return my blu-ray player to the store . This does n't help me pay for a new player or pay for the installers to come back out and hook up a new DVD player to my TV and surround sound . I am appalled by the lack of compassion from Sony . They are a reputable company and in the past I thought they set the standard for electronics . This may be the case , but their customer support and customer compassion is void . In fact , I 'd say the customer service is thoughtless , lacks respect , and has no concern for their customers . I 'm appalled , disappointed , and disgusted by their employees ' lack of consideration for their customer.I should n't be made to get defensive because my computer does n't have a DVD burner to do a `` simple '' download and image writing to my desktop . Obviously I 'm not a computer genius . I just want to watch a movie ! I will not buy a new DVD burner so that I can get updates for my blu-ray DVD player . These updates should be automatically sent to me via United States Postal Service since we are n't computer literate enough to burn a DVD . Disappointed is an understatement of how I feel and how I was treated tonight .
 I like Sony and have always been pleased with the overall quality of their products but I ca n't recommend this player.I have had it for several years and it 's been a pain in the ass since I first I got it . It 's fussy , slow-loading , high maintenance and frustrating for what should be a simple movie player.Maybe I have a lemon but reading the other reviews I do n't think mine is too far from the norm . I do n't think I have ever been able to play ten Blu-rays in a row without some sort of issue . Frequently I would have to reload the same movie up to four times before it would play.Being one of the first adopters of Blu-ray I was very happy with the upgrade to 1080p and just dealt with the issues but if I would have had the advantage of reading reviews online back then from people that have owned one for years I would have steered clear.I wo n't list the numerous issues , they 're pretty well documented here.My player is currently only playing about 75 percent of Blu-ray movies , it 's okay with most older ones , the new ones are hit and miss . I 'm reasonably technically proficient , I have kept up with the firmware updates , clean it yearly.Now it refuses to recognize the newest firmware update -LRB- 6.20 -RRB- disc regardless of wether I burn it or if it 's a Sony issued update disc . The people at Sony are helpful morons once the issue gets complex -LRB- Have you tried unplugging it for a few minutes and trying it again ? -RRB- . -LRB- Sony now charges for the firmware update discs for older players , they used to be free -RRB- I 'm a big fan of firmware updating to prolong the life of electronic products but I suspect this players basic architecture is flawed to some degree that reprogramming ca n't work around . This was towards the tail end of the Sony Blu-ray vs. Toshiba HD-DVD format war and I think Sony just pushed it out the door to get a new model out and never worked out all the bugs hoping they could back-fix it with the firmware updates.I recently ordered another Sony Blu-ray player through Amazon and hope that Sony has improved the quality , at least the ability to update the firmware through wifi will make it easier.In a nutshell , it 's not a bad player , it just has issues that I find unacceptable from a product that I paid good money for from Sony , not bad enough for me to have replaced it earlier , but bad enough that I feel obligated to write a review sharing my experience with it .
 They were dented , scratched & would n't load the movies . The only good thing is they refunded my money with no problems .
 I 've had so many problems within 2 months after buying the player it locked up while playing regular dvds it was like every time i went to play one it never failed to lock up and I would have to go and unplug the whole thing to get it all restarted . When I looked up my problem I found that plenty of other people where having the same problem . Sony has n't oftered to do anything and you 'd think they would since everyone seems to be having the same problem .
 I received this player for Christmas '07 and as of today have been wondering how this product ever got the Sony name on it . It would have to speed up to be considered slow . It can take minutes to turn on , load , and very often the picture freezes and your left with the remote in hand pushing buttons with no results . I finally had enough last night when it froze and refused to eject a dvd . It now rest peacefully under horse manure in my dumpster . I will buy another Sony but will buy from a store with at least a 30 day return policy .
 I work for the Computer Art Department at a large university in Manhattan . We bought this player to replace a broken DVD player in our presentation room , and have had to return it because of how SLOW it is . It takes upwards of 30 seconds for this player to start up . In that time you ca n't put the disc in , so you 're looking at a minimum of one minute before you can get an image on screen . Compounding this problem is the lack of a `` real '' power switch . It only has a `` soft '' power-on switch , so in our configuration where we turn on our entire AV rack with one surge protector , this player stays off until you hit it 's power button.We 're just going to stick with plain old DVD , for now . We considered a higher-end blu-ray player , but from the reviews I 've read , all the players out right now -LRB- July 2008 -RRB- are similarly slow . In a presentation environment , we just ca n't live with delays from our equipment . We did n't really need the blu-ray capability yet and were just looking for a reliable player that was also somewhat future-proof . On the positive side , the build quality seemed decent , the remote was good -- if a few too many buttons -- and the setup and menus were easy to navigate.P.S . My unit gave me setup options for 720p & 1080i , but not 1080p . I do n't know if this was because I did n't have an HDMI cable hooked up or not , but buyer beware .
 Where to start . Next to the bs promising 5 free blu-ray disks this player is slow , slow , slow . Lots of glitches and freezes but worst of all no method of connecting to the internet for software/firmware downloads is provided not to mention any ` web-enabled content ' . However , my main comment is n't about the quality or format et al. . I also am one of those who own both formats . What I am curious about is if , in either format , did anyone out there ever actually receive those five free blu-ray or HD-DVD disks promised when you mailed in the coupon or whatever it was . I faithfully mailed in the coupon , original receipt and the UPC bar code cut from the side of the box . It 's now been over four months and I have received nothing from either manufacturer . Truth be told the five free disk offer -LRB- s -RRB- were a major enticement in purchasing each machine and I hope someone can suggest where to lodge a complaint over what is beginning to appear is nothing short of intentional misrepresentation .
 The player was purchased in February 2008 . now , 8 months later , it displays `` No Disc '' and refuses to accept any kind of disc , including a new firmware disc . Think long and hard about buying one of these things . Sony support has been of no help whatsoever .
 I tested this model because we bought one for the rental department to satisfy a customer request . It gets 2 stars due to the picture quality . However the operation is at best clunky . I do n't know if this problem is typical of HD DVD players but this thing takes forever to respond to remote commands . When working my way through the disc menus of Pirates . . I quickly discovered that you have to press then wait a few seconds for the unit to respond . If you get impatient or think it did n't receive the IR as I did the first time and press again the unit will que your commands and then execute them in it 's own sweet time . Awful ! Forward and reverse scanning is equally clunky with the deck starting and pausing several times before it finally gets scanning . Press pause and you may get it to work 10 seconds later . No thanks SonyAddition Lacks a zoom featureAnother addition ... Despite what the manual says I can not get this unit to display JPEGs something both my other cheap older DVD players do easilyAddition # 2 Upscaling regular DVDs AWFUL ! My cheap upscaling DVD player does a much better job . Interesting since it 's also a Sony . One would think that if they can do a good job with a $ 150 player this one would be exceptional
 Purchased 2 , one for the bedroom and one for the family room . Starting time , loading times are unacceptable . Quality of the hd/bd is glossy without detail @ 1080P24fps . SD-DVD is poorly processed . Technology of this player will be supersede in all areas by many newer products for half the money . Save your money for another player . Brand name recognition is not what it used to be . This Sony BDP-S300 is not worthy of a full review . I spent $ 700.00 for two when they were introduced . I lot of hard earned money down the drain . Thanks Sony ... audiomeister
 I bought the BDP-S300 in March of 2008 . I 've had all the freeze up problems , problems with rented DVD 's mentioned in these reviews . The unit has the 4.5 current firmware update . The unit is 1 month out of warranty . I recently attempted to play a rented Blu-ray DVD . The DVD would not load , and would not eject from the player . I followed the instructions for ejecting a stuck DVD , it would n't eject . I contacted customer service via the internet and then by phone . Both representatives told me the essentially the same useless information I got off the web site . They also told me Sony would extract the DVD for $ 142.00 plus shipping . After all the unit is 1 month out of warranty . -LRB- They also told me there is no mechanical way to eject a stuck DVD -RRB- . I gave up with Sony and decided I had nothing to lose by taking the unit apart my self . It took about an hour , to take the unit apart , remove the DVD and reassemble it . It does still work , but I 'm going to purchase a new Blu-ray unit today from anybody but Sony . You would think the inverter of Blu-ray would make a better piece of Equipment .
 Bought this in Fall 07 . I have used it sparingly and maintained it meticulously -LRB- firmware is current , unit is clean -RRB- , but it does n't play many rented Blu-rays . Which makes it useless . And of course all of the other annoyances -LRB- sloooow , inability to open door , etc -RRB- that everyone has mentioned . I ca n't believe Sony tried to prime the Blu-ray market with this piece of junk . I 'm not buying any more Blu-ray titles and may toss this thing in the trash .
 I purchased the player from Circuit City about 6 months ago and applied several firmware dowloads to see if it would cure the very long load times and the frequent lock-ups . I always purchased SONY products , but they missed the mark on this product .
 Gon na make this short and sweet ... do n't buy this unit . Only had it for a few months now and it pops up with the No Disc Error ... Great ! Hundreds of dollars down the drain . Nothing you can do when this happens , it 's dead . I 've owned many , many Sony products over the years and they all eventually die prematurely . Maybe it 's my fault for buying their crappy product . Save your money and get another unit . TRUST ME ! Hope this helps , spread the word !
 Just imagine this
 Hi , The Blue Ray is okay , but , I realized that Sony is very cheaply nickle and diming . This Blue Ray is coming with standard cables for Video and Audio output , which is , basically useless for HD 1080P output . I have to go out and buy a HDMI cable for real HD output use . It is ridiculous , we buy this player for HD view , but , Sony , is dumping a cable that is not suitable for HD view . I will rate this is one of their dumbest ideas to load their rotten out dated cables when they ship out . So , be ready to spend extra $ 40 bucks , if you really want HD 1080I or 1080P output.This is cheap selling technique from Sony to show that they are selling this for low price , where as it is really $ 40 more , if you have to buy the necessary cable . /
 The video & audio is incredible while playing . The problem is , actually getting the Sony BDP-S301 / S300 Blu-Ray disc players to actually successfully play a Blu-Ray disc without the software continuously locking up or crashing . The player will start out alright for about the first 30 minutes until it crashes for the first time . Once that occurs , it will continually lock up about every 5-10 minutes after that requiring it to be completely powered down and restarted . It does this with ALL Blu-Ray and regular DVD 's -LRB- not just the latest -RRB- . The player is EXTREMELY slow to power back up.I have loaded all of the latest software/Firmware updates available directly from Sony but they did not eliminate the problem . It did reduce the occurances on the Blu-Ray discs slightly , although it still happens , but did not help on regular DVDs and only slightly improved the time to power up which is still extremely excessive & unnacceptable.Sony definitely rushed this product to the Market before it was ready and did not put it through the proper testing & validation . Can you imagine the consumer repercussions if GM or Ford put a car onto the Market that just died or locked up every 5-10 minutes and could n't even perform it 's primary function ? Sony should immediately take this product off the market until it is ready for the public before completely destroying their quality image any further.This is a common problem with many other people who have purchased the Sony Blu-Ray players . Actually , 1 Star may be a generous rating for this one . It is surprising that Sony would even put a product on the market that just does n't even work .
 This product does not live up to the usual quality standards one would expect by Sony . Even with current firmware update this product is very poor . The unit takes an unacceptably long time to power up , is very slow to respond to simple things like ejecting a disc , and you must cross your fingers every time you use the remote to pause , fast forward , etc in hopes that it wont hard freeze ... and even then , hard freeze happens fairly regularly.Its frustrating to have it lock up during a movie - you have to unplug the device power cable . Then wait 3-5 minutes for the thing to boot up again , another 3-5 minutes for the disc to load , cross your fingers the thing wont lock up again when you try to select the scene you were last viewing , cross fingers again as you fast forward through the scene to the point where it locked up ... all in all , takes roughly 10 minutes to get back to the point in the film where it seized . Keep in mind you might have to do this more than once during the course of a movie . My wife now jokes how lucky we are if we happen to watch an entire movie without going through this process.When it is funtioning normally - the picture and sound quality is what you would expect Blu-Ray to be . But the fact the thing is so slow and locks up so frequently offsets anything good you can say about this product.I can not reccomend this Blu-Ray player to anyone - its an embarrasment . Once upon a time I would buy Sony electronics without a second thought . This product has made me very skeptical of Sony 's direction in quality , and moving forward , will think twice before buying anything else made by Sony
 Every Sony DVD player I have ever owned has stopped working as soon as the 1 year warranty is up . I thought I would take a chance and buy a Blu-Ray . I just spent the last hour on the phone with customer support and all said and done they want $ 112 to ship it to Texas and fix it . I can get a new one for about that and it wo n't be a Sony .
 I bougth one of these players , and every time I go to play rented movies the darn thing skips . Once a month you have to update firmware , what a waste of money . I still love my HD-DVD player , too bad that lost the war . I just lost money and time .
 Garbage . The worse electronic product I have ever owned in my entire life . Expect to wait a minute or so after powering up the unit to insert a disc . Expect to wait another 2-3 minutes after that to actually get to the menu to start the disc . During this process keys will not be available , you have no indication of what is happening on the unit , and the remote control seems to be totally out of sync with the unit - making the entire thing very sluggish . Mine failed to work after 5 months of ownership . I had it replaced under warranty with a refurbished one and that one does not work either . HORRIBLE - DO NOT BUY THIS UNIT . If you think you can deal with the slowness and possible quality control issues , once it actually starts playing the Bluray disc the picture is good and sound is great . I used this with a Pioneer Pro-110FD 50 '' plasma and the Pioneer Elite VSX-94TXH receiver . If you want alternatives , look at either the Sony PS or one of the Panasonic units which get good reviews and will load your discs much faster . Sony makes great products , the BPD-S300 , however , is not one of them .
 I have been waiting for a while to jump into the HD Blu Ray market . Now that HD is gone I thought I should finally get one for my movie room . I am projecting the images with and epson 1080p projector onto a 106 '' screen.yes this thing is slow , slow , slow and frustrating to update . So not worth it . I have a philips 1080p upconverting DVD player and that image is almost comparable - only cost $ 60 . This Blu-Ray is so not worth it . Wait till they have improved it . For over $ 300 you would expect so much more . I have always tried to stay away from sony products and now I remember why . I am returning it and may consider a PS3 even though I do not play video games , or just be content with the philips 1080p upconverting until the technology improves . Competition is a good thing
 I have had this blu ray player for a year now . I 've had it serviced once for problems with locking up and not playing discs . I 'm not a Sony fan I 've never had much luck with them -LRB- too many gremlins in their products -RRB- I will say my ps3 is a 5 star item , but this player is not worth $ 100.00 . I wish it was n't part of the deal that came with my TV because I would have shopped around more . Slow start up . Slow load up . Not the best picture quality .
 Purchased a BDP-S3 NEW on Oct 14 , 2007 . It locked up and was sent in for warranty repair on 6/10/08 . Sony replaced Disc Drive & updated firmware 2.20 to 3.90 . I have been using the repaired unit since June '08 and guess what ! It has locked up for a second time . I will choose not to spend $ 50.00 to package , insure and ship back to Sony for it 's second warranty repair !!! Do NOT Buy this product , You will BE sorry !!!
 I wanted to tell a potential buyer of any Blu-Ray player , except probably PS3 about many compatiblity problems that you will face that Blu-Ray Association will not disclose.Unlike HD DVDs great features like no regional coding -LRB- meaning you can watch your whole collection anywthere in the world , or even order specific and unique titles from all over world -RRB- , highly interactive features and web connectivity and combo disc capability -LRB- allowing you to buy only one disc that will play in hi-def but also work on regular dvds for only $ 3-4 more then regular Blu-Ray and HD DVD titles -RRB- , this Sony player and pretty much any Blu-Ray player that will be released before end of this year -LRB- excluding the newest $ 2000 Denon Blu-Ray player Profile 1.1 compliant -RRB- will be obsolete in features.The press and news are not covering as most of it is biased towards Sony and Blu-Ray companies , but be rest assured that many upcoming features -LRB- already present in HD DVD btw -RRB- will not work on your current Blu-Ray players when Blu-Ray Profile 2.0 specification comes out and even wo n't play with most players manufactured this year , with now finished Profile 1.1 specification . We are paying here between $ 400 - $ 500 for stand-alone player that will ONLY guarantee playback of the movie itself . No other `` special '' features will not be supported -LRB- Java interactivity features on BD titles , web connectivity etc etc -RRB- . Your BD player you buy now and through year 's end will not work with advanced features of upcoming Blu-Ray titles , even with the help of firmware updates as the BD + and BD + + protection will require hardware decoding support within the player that ONLY PS3 currently has the ability to support.There is a reason why HD DVD players are in top 10 amazon sales for a long time now . Unlike Blu-Ray , HD DVD specifications have been finished from day one and you can be rest assured that all nice stuff like Picture in Picture , Interactive Games and web enabed features driven by users , work just fine on the 1st gen HD DVD player as well as the 3rd gen HD DVD player.Just be careful what you invest money in , because Blu-Ray is certainly not CHEAP nor it has superior video and audio quality over HD DVD.This player , is the bare minimum for a Blu-Ray player and is by no means deal , when compared to let 's say PS3 . Cheers .
 The Sony Service Tech just told me if I rent BluRay moves they will probably skip . It plays DVDs great but every BluRay will pause and skip over a large region . It can be anywhere in the movie . I can usually rewind the section and most of the time it will play it fine . Also about 1 in 5 rented movies will not play at all unless I spend 10 minutes or more reloading the movie over and over again . If you rent do not buy it .
 Although I like the better quality picture - this is seriously one of the slowest machines that I own . You can press the disc EJECT button , then go to the basement , start a load of laundry , do some dishes , return some books to the library , then go back upstairs and the machine may just then be preparing to open the disk drive . I 'm serious ! Every function takes forever - it 's so frustrating ! Besides this , it also takes forever to load certain movies in BluRay format - and even then , not all movies can be played on it . I regret buying this model - Sony usually is a favored product line , but they dropped the ball on this one !
 Bought this , and as everyone says , it 's frustratingly slow . So , back it went . Got the Sony Playstation 3 instead -LRB- which is also a blu ray player -RRB- and i ca n't believe sony would bother making anything else . Startup and loading are so much faster , the picture is actually better -LRB- although i was n't disappointed in the BDP 's picture -RRB- and of course then you have the PS3 and web browsing to boot ! Problem solved plus bonuses - i highly recommend the PS3 as your bluray player !!
 I am having some serious problems with my BDP-300 . Initialy it worked fine . But after playing a few DVD 's both Blu-ray and standard , my player is getting slower and slower . -LRB- Trust me , I 'm not just getting impatient . -RRB- Is there a problem with the softwear Sony wrote for this player ? Worse than that , when I finaly hooked it up to my surround sound system the sound on Blu-ray dvd 's cuts in and out.My previous dvd player was a Sony DVD-S7700 . It was so well built its almost a work of art . The BDP-S300 is a huge step backwards as far as construction and reliability . It has the feel and look of a cheap boom box . I ca n't argue that the BDP-S300 has an awsom picture , and it upscales better than my TV set -LRB- 46XBR3 -RRB- , but this is a gigantic dissapointment in every other respect . Shame on you Sony ! I expect way more out of a 500 dollar Sony DVD player . Even if it worked better , how can you charge so much for such a flimsy product?If you are looking for a high quality Blu-ray dvd player you may want to spring for the Sony BDP-S1 . It looks like there are good deals on them right now . What would be even better is if Sony made an updated version of the BDP-S1 at a lower price point . *** Added July 28 , 2007I ended up getting a Sony BDP-S1 . It is a beautiful looking BR DVD player.Unfortunatly , the picture on the Sony BDP-S1 lacks the video processing of the second generation model BR players and it shows . I 've been watching standard DVD 's and BR DVD 's on the BDP-S1 and wondered what the heck happened . I was on the Sony site checking out the difference between the three available models . It turns out the 300 and 301 have a circuit called `` 24P True Cinema '' and the S1 does n't . It not only made a big difference in standard DVD 's but also made the BR DVD 's picture better as well . I 'm not ooing and awing with the picture from the very expensive BDP-S1 the way I was when watching from the BDP-S300 , but it does get coo does for its beauty and construction . So if you have a high end tv you are better off getting a BDP 300/301 . Or maybe you can wait and see . I 'm really hating Sony right now .
 When it worked it was fine , with great image and sound ... much better than DVD . But at only 5 months old , it now refuses to play the disc inside , and wo n't even eject it . I 'm sending it back to Sony for repair.Our company bought three of this model ; one of them died within a week under very light usage . So , of the four models I 've used , TWO of them failed . That 's a staggering 50 percent failure rate .
 I am a great follower of Sony products and at my home every audio video is a sony branded product . i bought this to go along with my lcd tv and frankly i think Blu-Ray is a overrated thing . This player takes eons to load up and sometimes locks up which can be only resolved by unplugging and restarting the player . for the price i paid i should have gone for the PS3 as it would have served dual purpose .
 This machine has been nothing but a headache . Do you research on Blu-Ray players before buying this model . Lack of internet connectivity makes firmware updates a royal pain . I will never buy another Sony Blu-Ray player again !!!!!!
 This was my first Blu-Ray player and I have to say that I am NOT impressed . While the picture and sound are both excellent from this unit , the player itself is FAR , FAR less than reliable . Approximately 75 % of the time , this player experiences some kind of problem or error when playing a disc -LRB- including both Blu-Rays and regular DVDs -RRB- . Most of the time , it either skips or freezes up entirely , requiring a lengthy shutdown and restart . These problems have continued after two separate -LRB- and supposedly successful -RRB- firmware upgrades , so I 'm wondering if it is n't a matter of bad design or cheap manufacturing.I have been a professional audio engineer for more than ten years and have used a lot of Sony equipment in that time . Most of the time , I have been very impressed with the quality of their gear . In this case , however , I think they dropped the ball -LRB- or perhaps rolled it out too early -RRB- . Sad , Sony . Just sad .
 I purchased my unit at Christmas in 2007 . I 've gradually begun using it more and more.The good : When you get a Blu-Ray DVD playing , the picture and sound quality rock!The bad : DVDs often take an inordinately long time to load . Really long.The worse : Many DVD 's , especially NON blue-ray I 've noticed , freeze up on the menu and there is nothing you can do to get it going again - I actually have to UNPLUG the DVD player and plug it back in to get it going again.I am deducting 1 star for the DVD load times and 2 stars for the freeze-up problem.I ca n't recommend this unit for the above reasons . I thought Sony would do better than this , a $ 300 player should not be so buggy and slow .
 I 'm trying to find the web site to register my product and no-one can find it . The site I 'm looking for is www.register.InterActAccessories.com and it can not be found just like when I tried finding a site to down load the drivers for an Interact Joystick
 Regarding the Aleratec 1:4 DCD/CD Tower Publisher LS . Bought the first one at Microcenter . Out of the box one of the drives would not show up . I went through various recomended registry cleanings as well as deleting stuff in my device manager . Aleratec customer service was very helpfull with a replacement , but I had to push them a little to have them absorb the shipping cost of returning the item to them . Make sure you do n't pay for shipping if you have to return one . Next , once I started using the device I had problems . For instance , drives would stop responding and then the whole job would have to be restarted . The software is unresponsive , and you can not cancel jobs once they are started . Not only that , the software ignores you . Several times I tried canceling all my jobs -LRB- because one of the drives stopped responding -RRB- , and then the drives just kept popping open waiting for disks . I attempted to close the software , but got stuck in a loop where it would ask me over and over whether I wanted to cancel all burning jobs . Basically I would have to resort to shutting the device down , and then killing the software 's process . I tested this device on at least three machines -LRB- windows XP -RRB- in my house , and am seeing the same problems on all of them . If a drive does not hang , the software hangs . Twice I had machines freeze up completely while running the software . So I would say the idea is neat , but Aleratec has not tested their hardware and software that well . Also make sure that you buy plenty of extra media . Out of a job of 60 disks I had to do , about 15 where failures for one reason or another . If you are a professional making large amounts of media , this product is probably not a good idea , since you will probably have to go and test each and every disk .
 I had trouble installing this type of processor which is not as standard with pentium 3 motherboards available on the market if anyone is going to buy this type of processor first verify that your card supports it .
 I bought these headphones as a replacement for my second pair of blown iPod earbuds , hoping to get stronger bass and better sound isolation . I got both . Unfortunately , the sound coming out of these headphones is extremely muddy and overly bass-heavy . Furthermore , they were quite painful in my ears the first several times I wore them and the mini-jack has a poor connection , often leaving me without sound in one ear.Do yourself a favor and spend the money to get a quality pair of headphones , particularly if you 're looking to buy in-ear headphones .
 I ordered white , but they sent me black . ;-LRB- I had heard some positive reviews of the EarThumps , so I expected them to sound better , but they were similar to cheaper earphones -LRB- not enough acoustic/bass sound -RRB- , and sounded rather tinny to me.It 's true what another reviewer said , that the connection from the wire to the jack is less sturdy than comparable sets.However , the earphone carrying case is kinda cute . ; -RRB-
 These are the worst headphones I have ever owned , and I go through about one set per year . The bass was AWFUL , as was the overall sound quality . They only sounded okay when the volume on my iPod was turned up all the way - something I would n't want to do to my hearing . The headphones that came with my iPod were of a far better quality than these ones.I wish I had spent 10 more dollars and bought a pair of Sonys ... or basically any other headphones than these . Worst of all is that I ca n't return these , so I am out $ 20 AND I have to pay $ 30-40 more to get a decent pair .
 Everything is great about this product , EXCEPT THE DURABILITY ! Granted I use my ipod everyday and these headphones are around $ 10 , but they did n't even last me a month . The quality of the wiring is horrible . The wiring that connects to the headphone jack just died out and I do n't have sound anymore . They do however block out sound , but I am definitely not going to purchase another pair .
 This was my second pair of Griffin EarThumps . The first lasted about a year , before one of the wires frayed and I no longer got sound out of one side . I was n't too perturbed since I only use them for jogging , and I figured that they were subject to a good deal of abuse . However , I was n't thrilled enough to buy a second pair , at least not right away . One day , however , I saw them advertised on Amazon for $ 12.95 -LRB- since reduced to $ 10.95 -RRB- , so I thought , `` What the heck ? Why not give them one more shot ? '' I 'm sorry I did . After only three or four uses , the sound went out on the left side . I know it 's the earbuds and not the ipod , since other headphones work fine . The Griffin earbuds just do n't seem to be made very well . If you plan to use them for jogging , you 'd probably be better off looking somewhere else .
 I found the Griffin EarThumps not as comfortable as they 're hyped to be ; I had to stop using them after about an hour of listening to my iPod shuffle . The technical details say the `` three different-sized silicone inserts '' offer `` secure fit and maximum comfort ''
 I was so pleased with these when I bought them ! They worked great , good sound quality , and fit so comfortably in my ears . However the durability of these things are horrible , I had them for about 4 or 5 months and the frail wiring broke on one bud and I could n't get any sound on one of the ear buds . I was so frustrated ! I would not reccommend these for long term use . Buy some Apple In Ear Headphones or Bose headphones . I was trying to save money and these headphones failed to live long .
 I loved these earbuds for the first two months . I raved to my friends . I bought pairs for several people at work . Then , about a month later , my boss came to me and told me one of the earbuds stopped producing sound . I thought it was because she was rough on them , but then quickly thereafter , my earbuds did the same thing ... then another coworker had the same problem ... all withing weeks of each other after purchasing them around the same time.I know they 're cheap . I know they 're comfortable , but seriously , you 're going to spend three or four times the amount over the course of a year just replacing them , so you might as well buy something slightly more expensive and get more wear from them .
 I love the fit of these earthumbs , unfortunately , like the other reviewers , one of the earpieces stops working quickly . I thought I was being rough on them because I use them when I work out . I have bought 3 pairs and the my experience has been that the left earthumb will stop working . Unfortunately , the last pair only lasted about 6 weeks .
 I bought this case and found it unsatisfactory for use even at the relatively low price . It is made of very stiff bulky leather that adds a lot of weight and bulk to my otherwise sleek Palm TX . The double layer front cover to give simple web pocket storage for memory cards does not protect the cards from dirt and dammage and finially , the belt clip is ineffective . After only a few minutes seated in my vehicle it slid off my belt and luckly landed on the seat . Could just as easily landed on the street resulting in dammage to my PDA . I was offered 12 % discount to buy more from the dealer but declined . Good idea - Bad design .
 I 've owned a couple of Krusell Multidapt cases . I like the case per se , the clip mechanism promises but sadly fails to deliver.THe spring clip that the case came with broke . The `` big clip '' replacement I bought fails to hold the case on my belt so I 'm constantly dropping the case . As a result I 've lost the stylus to my palm . The plastic connector on the case is a poor choice , it really ought to be something more sturdy . The multidapt on the last case I owned broke completely , the clip threads are very thin and weak . This case had the clip pull off the threads of the case so I had to glue them permanently together if I wanted to use the case at all . This was due to having the case on my side and sitting down with it , causing a pull on the connector.I do n't think a case should be that easily broken . If it were made of metal , it would n't break . The connector itself seem so solidly attached to the case I doubt that it would pull off.I find it hard to reccommend the case because of the clip . The case itself , however , is wonderful , which is why I continue to use it until I can find a case with a better clip system .
 This thing is sitting in a drawer right now.It is too wide to accomodate the E62 I own which makes getting it out of the case impossible . I jury rigged a piece of black covered foam in the bottom just so I would n't need two hands to get my cell phone out.When it started dialing a number every time I closed it , it went into the drawer forever.I gave it a star above terrible because it really is well made ... just not well made for the E62 .
 I bought this case for two reasons
 After a few years using flash drives this is the first time I lost huge amount of data . One briefcase folder just became suddenly empty and another folder appeared with file damaged . both problems in the same episode .
 If you have Vista , do not buy this product . I bought this USB hub hoping it will add convenience to my new PC . As it turned out , it was a waste of time and money . First , it does not work with Vista . It has only one USB internal connector -LRB- 4 pin -RRB- which does not supply the necessary power for the device . While I 'm sure I tried every trick in the book , I could not get rid of the power error message.Second , part of the connection requires bringing a wire back out to the back of the PC , which is not only uncommon and impractical , it defeats the purpose of buying the device.If there were a Zero Star rating , I would have jumped on it .
 First off , let me explain how it did n't work . When I installed it in my PC , as soon as I turned the switch on my PSU I got a high pitched hum . The computer is unable to turn on . I 'm not too sure what this is but I 've seen it before . Its some sort of overload on the PSU . Now , I do n't have a cheap PSU by any means , its this product that was causing the problem . Like I said , I 've seen this before.Pretending like it did work for a second , I would n't suggest this product anyway . Looks like you can add all those ports to the front of your PC . But You 're not adding them , you 're just robbing them from some where else . I assumed the USB ports would work off the pins on the mobo and the audio ports would work off the mobo or sound card internally . You have to feed the wires of this device through your PC and out the back where it just robs the ports you want to use . No real point in doing this , defeats the whole purpose of `` adding '' ports to the front of your PC . This device should be called `` Port Re-locater . ''
 This battery was fine for a few days ... then it never lasted more than 10 % of it 's time again . It just wo n't charge.Went to Dell 's site and bought an original ... the original works PERFECTLY.Bought a different OEM battery and it also works well ... This seems to be some kind of lottery.Good luck !!
 I purchased a proscan 36 '' tv no more than 4 years ago . I spent close to $ ... Big Mistake !! the proscan tv that i bought has a picture tube problem that was not disclosed during manufacturing . proscan nor circuit city where i bought it would not help me out at all . my recomemdation ... by a Sony tv , ... at least they will honop you as a consumer and help you out.Sorry Pro-scan , ... you just did not want to help out the average consumer , ... shame on you !
 No one can argue that this product displays the best image of any TV available . However , even with the regulations that make local television begin to broadcast in HDTV , this dos n't mean that they will change their studio cameras and other in station equipment to HDTV
 I 'd give it less than 1 star if I could . Please do n't waste your money on this as I did . I charged my battery for 6 hours and it never reached a full charger -LRB- very frustrating -RRB- . I finally gave up and put it in my Nikon charger and it charged in less than 1/2 hour . I bought this because I needed the international voltage capability . My Nikon charger is not international for some strange reason -LRB- it only accepts 120 volts -RRB- . I ca n't believe I wasted $ 22 on this !!
 It is a painful experience to deal with this seller '' Endless Variety '' . Never pick up the phone , Never return phone call , Never return my email request.Their chips are inferior product . If this seller do not honor their return policy , Amazon should remove this seller from their third party list for good in my humblesuggestion . After a couple weeks try to contact them , I finally gave up on this seller '' ENDLESS VARIETY '' . *** I run my own medical clinic , I have no direct competition with this seller ***
 Kingston ValueRam 2GB 667MHz DDR2 Non-ECC CL5 DIMM -LRB- Kit of 2 -RRB- Purchased above item following Kingston screen prompts , wound up with memmory that did not fit into the memory slots in my EMachine -LSB- not a model currently listed -RSB- . Probably an error in selection on my part.I completed the Kingston `` live support '' protocol twice within the last week to try and arrange an exchange , but have received no return call , and do n't see an alternative contact method handy.This is not a pleasant experience .
 I tried in every way to fit this into my PC -LRB- its a Dell -RRB- , then I gave it to my brother who has a HP but with no success . I strongly do no recommend it .
 When purchasing a `` clock radio '' , one expects to get adequate feature/functionality from both the clock AND the radio . I bought this for my office because it `` looks nice '' on my desk.THE CLOCK - sufficiently displays the time in digital format - fancy `` rainbow '' display allows the user to choose virtually any color for the digital display . - date and day of week displayedTHE RADIO - horrible , terrible , awful , intolerable reception , even with the little antenna stretched out . Unable to accurately find/tune to even the most powerful local signals . Arrrggh . - Sound Chamber -LRB- TM -RRB- creates a FULLER sound from a small package . - provides jack for external audio sources -LRB- mp3 , dvd , cd computer -RRB- CONCLUSION
 I have no problem with Amazon , rather it 's the SanDisk warrenty , -LRB- Worthless -RRB- I assume when I lay out my cash for a product I buy , it all should work , Including the warrenty , software , etc. . Not so with SanDisk.Along with my Canon G9 , I purchased the SanDisk Exteme III complete with adapter & RescuePro software -LRB- bummer -RRB- Put it all to work with the great expectations I have come to enjoy with Canon Products . And there in lies the problem , One keystroke and I wiped out all my work , no problem right , wrong , SanDisk RescuePro to the Rescue , Wrong Again . . the Program would not accept the Access Code . My 30 day return had expired with Amazon so I returned the SanDisk Package direct to `` SanDisk '' to no availe , back came A reply a couple weeks later `` I believe you were confusing a 7 for a 1 in the serial number '' If it 's one thing I 've learned in the business it 's not to make mistakes , and if I do , I go back and try and try again until it 's right , there was no mistake here on my part , rather , The software plain did not work . And again the sum is only as good as the whole , the software did not work for me , and now the Warrenty does not either , so I 've ask SanDisk to Return the package to me USPS Collect , and they will never have to look at this ugly face again
 I just want to let people know that I am truly happy with the memory card , it takes long videos and stores lots of pictures . Unfortunately when we ordered this , Amazon claims that it comes with the micromate reader , yet we did not receive it in the package . We contacted Amazon and they told us we could return the whole thing . When we contacted SanDisk to see if they could just send us a new micromate since it looks as though the factory did n't package it properly , they refused . We then decided to order a new one from a different Amazon seller and guess what , we did n't get the micromate in that package either . I do n't know what to think . San Disk claims its Amazon 's fault and each replacement order I get from Amazon keeps coming without the Micromate reader . Below is showing in a paragraph that Amazon does indeed include the Micromate reader which is published on their product webpage : Product DescriptionThe SanDisk Extreme III 4GB SDHC memory card offers speed , performance and reliability to ensure you get your photos every time . A 4GB memory card can store more than 2,000 high-resolution pictures or up to 8 hours of MPEG 4 video . As an added bonus , the card is packaged with a bonus SanDisk MicroMate so that users have a one-stop shop solution for capturing , storing and transferring their images .
 The illustration shows the SDHC card with a plug in reader - IT DOES NOT COME WITH THE READER . Deceptive advertising in the least , especially since I found no other SDHC card shown with a reader .
 The Primary Image used on Amazon says that this is a class 10 version of this card . with read write speeds of 30 MB/sIf you look under specifications it does say class 6 20 MB/s So it was partly my fault for not checking the specifications however I assumed it would match the image ... Have n't gotten a chance to use the card yet still waiting on the camera to show up .
 The description and Photo DO N'T MATCH ! Was going to purchase two ; but not until I 'm clear on what it is I 'm buying ! Extreme and Extreme III are NOT the same .
 This is a Class 6 card , not Class 10 , read the fine print . I consider the image of a Class 10 card misrepresentation , and am not happy about that . Other than that , I am sure the card is fine , it 's SanDisk after all ...
 I feel like the main picture associated with the item causes it to be very misleading . There is no bundled Micromate reader as the picture indicates .
 I bough these two 4GB SanDisk extreme III SD cards from Rino Tech as listed new . When they arrived the cards were shipped in flimsy card cases for SD cards not in a SanDisk original box packaging . As a consumer buying something on line the seller should have stated these wo n't come in original packaging so I the customer wo n't buy anything thinking this prouduct is `` new '' . One of the cards had some sign of use and did n't work properly !! Rino Tech offer to give me a full refund but I figured I can use at lest the the good one as a spare and it would n't be a total lost of online buying . ** Rino Tech ** 2 stars Beware !
 I was leary of the Perma Focus feature as I purchased these binoculars . Yet , I still bought them for my father as a gift.My father tried them out for the first time at a basketball game . He was having diffiulty getting good focus . Like me , one of his eyes is stronger than the other.So , I explained how my Bushnell binoculars handle differences in focus between two eyes . I simply turn the diaptor adjustment ring on the individual eye piece.I was surprised that these binoculars offer no such adjustment option ! I guess the `` Perma Focus '' is supposed to take care of that.Well , at least they work properly with 20/20 vision . So , I suggested that he use the binoculars with his glasses on . He then pointed out that these binoculars do n't have the option to recess the eyecups . They are fixed as they are , making it nearly impossible to view with glasses!I then looked into the return policy -- too late for that . So , I called Bushnell as I know they have excellent customer service . They suggested that I mail the brand new binoculars in for inspection and to be sure to include a $ 10 check for return shipping and handling . Additionally , I am responsible for the S&H ; to send them the defective item . Well , at least I hope they are defective and not intentionnally designed to work this way.Needless to say , I am not pleased with this product .
 Unless you have near perfect vision , without glasses , or are considering these binoculars for a child , DO NOT buy them . For looking at scenery in the distance , they are fine . Move in to fairly large signs at perhaps 175 yards , like on the golf course in my back yard , and you will likely not be able to read them . I could n't with these binoculars , even though I can read the signs with a pair of 7X35 wide angle binoculars that I purchased at a yard sale many years ago . Move in to a tree or bush to look at a bird from 50-75 feet , and you will be extremely disappointed . The image is very blurry . I just had a lengthy conversation with a rep from Bushnell , and that individual confirmed everything that I have said . If you have corrected vision , or need correction , these binoculars are NOT for you .
 The Perma Focus did n't always work for my left eye and there is no &#34; manual focus &#34; . They only worked sometimes .
 Given that the range of 802.11 a is not that great this Access Point can not be hidden away in a closest . This Access Point has a fan . The fan is very loud and annoying . The Access Point does look good . I think they were going for form over function . Much of the Access Point is hollow so that allows the fan to resonate . The thing is like a big speaker .
 I 'm not happy with what I received . I ordered a F5U257 and received a F5U409 instead . I had aready open the package and saw the the number . So I could n't return the Item . I have a 64 Bit computer and this wo n't work
 I ordered the Belkin F5U257 cable specifically for Windows 7 . If Amazon had sent , the correct cable that would have been perfect and I would have rated it as a 5 . However , they just threw some junk USB to Serial adapter in the box and sent it to me . The customer service rep argued with me and said I got what I ordered . I had to escalate in order to get the problem resolved.Just another story of pathetic customer service , that seems to be pervasive in all industries today .
 After looking everywhere , I 've come up empty on signed drivers compatible with windows vista . Beware !
 Bought this as it says its compatible with MacBooks and Mac products . The fine print is OS 9 and below from 10 years ago . It is not supported by Belkin any longer any they dont have an updated driver from this Century . I am not sure why Belkin is still selling products they dont support . I guess for Profit only . Dont Buy this for apple products , or any newer Windows products as it is not supported .
 beware NOT a f5u257 belkin is a 409 belkin , ck the pics amazons pic is WRONG , THE OTHER 2 ARE RIGHT , NOW LETS SEE HOW GOOD THIS WILL BE GETTING THE RIGHT PART SINCE I GOT SECOND DAY DELIVERY , THAT WAS OK BUT NOT THE PICTURED PART
 I tried just about everything ... downloading drivers off the internet , rebooting , checking my device managers , and still could get Vista to recognize the keyboard and mouse . Actually ended up throwing the keyboard and mouse in the garbage .
 I will not buy from this company again . Cheap for lite-on means does n't work . The door to my Lite-On DVD/CD rewritable drive -LRB- manufactured 10/2006 -RRB- does n't open . It stays stuck . I finally have to trash it and will buy Toshiba again which has worked reliably for years and years . This was a 2nd drive in my system , and has always gotten stuck on occasion . Now it 's permanently stuck . Disappointing .
 Bought this 2.5 weeks ago . Backed up a few folders of images using it . Seemed a little slow , but backed them up . Have HP slimline computer whose DVD/CD-RW drive went bad . Operating system is XP Pro . I put my XP Pro disk into LiteOn External and booted up from it . Half of the files needed to get the Recovery Console to appear loaded when all of a sudden the drive started to rapidly speed up and shattered the my XP Pro installation and recovery disk into pieces . I have been working with PCs since 1986 and have never encountered anything like this . Tiger Direct is in the process of taking the drive back and refunding my money , but have yet to hear from the LiteOn people about compensating me for ruining my XP Pro installation disk . I am willing to bet that they will probably stiff me on that.My experience with Amazon has been the purchasing of books . Up till now I have been very satisfied with my purchases . I think that in the future I will just stay with ordering books from Amazon as this hardware purchase was very unsatisfactory and I do n't wish to repeat it .
 The only part that worked was the USB . Not worth it at all . They need to check this stuff out before sending it to customers.I did n't return it because That 's a hassle Im staying away from . Good luck !
 None of connections worked when it arrived so i had to return it . Wishful thinking on my part that it would work for the price i paid .
 The description said that this item fits `` iPod 1st thru 5th Generations . '' Not so ! Imagine my surprise and disappointment when my daughter held the charging plug up against her new , 5th gen iPod Touch and showed me that the plug was too long for the iPod . It does fit earlier generations -LRB- at least 2nd gen -RRB- . So , I gave the device away to a niece who has a 2nd generation iPod . I suppose one could buy an adapter to convert the large , 30-pin size to the smaller size of the latest generation iPod . But that sort of defeats the purpose .
 According to the product description , this is a replacement power supply for my HP zv6000 laptop . Unfortunately , my laptop will not work with this particular power supply . The problem could be with my computer , but I tend to think it is n't putting out enough juice . I 've ordered an adapter that specifically mentions the 120 watt output.That said , I placed my order on Friday and received the product the following Wednesday - nice job .
 After about 2 months this charger started heating up like crazy . It got so hot that it MELTED the plastic casing . You should see how disfigured it looks . I would not buy this again . It actually left a burn mark on my couch where it was sitting . TERRIBLE PRODUCT .
 This phone replaces a Siemens 2.4 Ghz system that had served us well for 6 years . We have been using this phone for about 45 days . The phones randomly lose their programming and you have to sync everything back up and re-record your outgoing message for VM . While talking the volume sometimes cycles from regular to loud and back again . The people on the other line do n't seem to detect the difference , but it is annoying . The headset jack is a joke . In the manual it says that while it is only tested and approved with 2 headsets , it may work with others . I have tried 3 others and none work . I have n't bought the `` approved '' headset yet , so ca n't tell if that will even work . The buttons are in contiguous bars horizontally and if typing in larger quantities of numbers , often one does n't take on the first press . Plus , there seems to be a delay in the pressing of numbers , so you ca n't even dial quickly . A few of the menus are good , but others it seems like they lost interest in usability . Although there are a lot of features , the ones I need , like mute and a universal headset are n't there.Now I have to decide if I will ship them back or not . I like that there is no interference with the microwave and the color display is nice , but those items do n't seem to be good justification for the price of 3 handsets and a base with answering machine .
 veru bad service , they only sent me 1/2 of the products , and i dont can do nothing with they , the item they sent me , doesnt works without the other part , so i lost money.I wrote them , but they didnt answer me .
 This phone is ridiculously expensive and it 's been nothing but problematic since we bought it last December . Siemens has replaced our phones -LRB- we 're still waiting for the last one -RRB- , but now it 's a new set of problems . At first it was an issue of the thing keeping time -LRB- you have to set the time , unlike many other phones that get it `` magically '' -RRB- . Now the phone is beeping at random times and the company is slower than molasses to resolve the issues . Defintely save your money and buy a cheaper phone !
 The graphics are lots of fun and my kids loved the intercom . However , the call waiting does not work at all . You have to hang up on the first call to take the second call . And I could n't get the message light to work on any of the three handsets I had to let me know that I had received a voicemail message . These are basic functions that an expensive system like this should handle well . I also fund the system to be over complicated . Too many steps to review the call log , add phone numbers to the stored list , etc. .
 The graphics are lots of fun and my kids loved the intercom . However , the call waiting does not work at all . You have to hang up on the first call to take the second call . And I could n't get the message light to work on any of the three handsets I had to let me know that I had received a voicemail message . These are basic functions that an expensive system like this should handle well . I also fund the system to be over complicated . Too many steps to review the call log , add phone numbers to the stored list , etc. .
 Try getting a list of folks who called , its impossible . The memory gets full for caller ID gets full -LRB- very quickly -RRB- and does n't let callers leave messages on the machine . . very disappointed with the Siemen engineers , what were they thinking !
 ordered base station and extension handset together , base station has not arrived . Can not use this product
 This printer prints ok through the USB connection but the wireless part does not work . The wifi indicater does not light up at all and my router does n't even see the printer . I had to call Lexmark and they determined after having me do several things that the wireless part is defective . Lexmark is sending me a brand new free upgrade to the X4550 model . I would NOT RECOMMEND this printer if you want to use the wireless printing . Do yourself a favor and get something better .
 WiFi did n't work . Printing quality was terrible . Build quality was very low . Sent it back , not buying another .
 Just tried to install this on an Apple -LRB- box says it 's compatible -RRB- . I ran into two issues.Software Issues : Problem one is that when hooked up via USB it acts like it 's printing , but pages from Word/Excel come out blank . Test pages print out OK . Other programs such as Adobe Reader & Preview shut themselves down automatically when I tried to print from this printer.Hardware Issues : Wi-Fi is regularly defective with the Z1420 -LRB- regardless of if you 're running a PC or Mac -RRB- . When talking to technical support about this issue they did n't take too long to tell me , `` to be frank with you , a lot of the wireless cards are defective in the Z1420 '' . When the wireless card is defective they have a common practice of upgrading to the X4550 , which is an All-In-One ... If that works well I 'll be happy with Lexmark the company , but still be annoyed with the Z1420 printer .
 I originally purchased the the Lexmkar Z1420 after reading many positive reviews . For the first 4 months this printer worked great , but then randomly one day the wireless connection went . After about 3 painful hours on the phone with technical support they decided that it was broken and decided to send me a new upgraded printer . When that arrived a hooked it up and everything seemed fine , until I tried to print !! The new printer did not work !! I am so disgusted wiht Lexmark I will never buy their products again . In addition the guy at my work who does all of our computer stuff said their products really are crap . So please please do yourself a favor and spend the extra 20 or 30 dollars and get a better printer . I would not want anyone to go though the miserable experience I had between faulty printers and poor customer support .
 This printer was a dud . After installing and removing the driver seven times including a vista update twice it never printed anything meaningful and no response from lexmark support service so it was duly returned for a refund.I 'll be avoiding this brand in the future.CAVEAT EMPTOR !!!!!!
 The Z1420 will only allow you to use Genuine Lexmark cartridges -LRB- no refills -RRB- and their cartridges are twice the price of ` compatible cartridges ' for other printers . Lexmark Tech Support confirmed . If you dont mind exhorbantely high priced ink costs , then this may be your printer !
 Printer did not work out of the box . After spending an hour with Lexmark tech support , they agreed to send a new one -LRB- which I think was a more current model -RRB- . The new printer arrived quickly and was extremely difficult to set up on a wireless network . Printing wirelessly via my mac book provided to be very flakey and required constant tinkering . Lexmark tech support said the problem was related to the wireless drivers not working well with Leopard . After about two months wireless printing stopped working altogether . About two months after that , USB printing also stopped working . I guess I got my money 's worth getting four months of usage for a $ 40 printer , but definitely not worth the aggravation .
 I was very excited to be able to print WIFI ! I received the printer and was able to print with the USB cord but it would not connect to my router -LRB- belkin -RRB- I called Lexmark and they said it was my router to call them . . I called Belkin they said it was Lexmark ... This went on for 2 days . . just as I was giving up I decided to connect the router to my laptop and try again . With the router plugged into my laptop the printer was able to connect to it . I do n't have a desktop and am very disappointed that the only way I can print is to have the router connected to my laptop ... this defeats the purpose of wireless !!!!
 The WiFi on our unit does not work . The light does n't even light up . We can only print through the USB . Called Tech Support , they 're upgrading us to an X4550 , no charge and very little hassle -LRB- apparently this is a problem they 're used to seeing -RRB- . If you do n't mind dealing with Tech Support , give this printer a shot . Either it will work fine -LRB- the print quality on ours is okay , not presentation quality -RRB- or they will upgrade you to a better model that does work , for free . Ca n't beat that .
 after 4-1/2 hours with Lexmark tech-support ... they could NOT get the printer to function wirelessly on my Toshiba-Satellite 1905-S301 -LRB- WinXP-sp3 -RRB- -LRB- btw
 I bought this for home use , unpacked , loaded as intructed , and it did not work . The wi-fi never did respond . So , I called Lexmark directly and was told that they had nothing but problems with this particlar model , and that the wi-fi was one of the common ones . They solved it by sending me a totally different Upgraded Model . I love this new one , with no complaints .
 I ordered this product for it 's color and Wifi capability . It arived with a crack in the body , would not print and could not be installed on my wireless network . Amazon is charging me to return it .
 Had to return this printer . Power button was defective , wireless connectivity was unusable , and the included color cartridge was defective . I guess you get what you pay for .
 1 . WI-FI in Z1420 did not work . The WI-FI light was lifeless .2 . After several attempts to setup Z1420 as network printer , I ended up calling Lexmark supportSaturday , 10/4/2008 , Service call - 11204244333 . The tech . informed that this is a known issue .4 . They replaced Z1420 with Z2420Hassle in this process was to call support , repack , setup new printer again . But I was able to setup new Z2420 without any problem.I hope noone else goes through this hassle
 I bought the printer because most of the reviewers found it easy to set up with their computers . My daughter has a mac book laptop . We were not able to set up the printer wirelessly . We were able to make it print for a while using the wire , but then that stopped too . I had to pay a computer specialist to download some extra software to make the printer work with the mac book .
 I was excited about the whole wireless printing concept until I received my printer and spent 3 hours of my precious time with technical support . They said I have a faulty something and there sending me another printer ... ok
 After calling Customer Service -LRB- generally very helpful -RRB- to install the first Z1420 that I received , we diagnosed an inoperable wireless print server . OK , Lexmark said to keep that one and use it until a replacement arrived . The second installation stalled at the exact same step . Figuring I must be doing something wrong , I called Customer Service again . After going through all sorts of restarts , the CS Rep said that I had a second defective wifi unit ! What sort of error rate would they have for these printers that I got 2 defective ones ?!? Since this was a great inconvenience to me , Lexmark said that they would send an `` upgraded printer that might also be a scanner '' . I thought , `` OK , whatever , just get me one that works ! '' The ` all-in-one ' that I received next did not have built-in wireless . What kind of an upgrade is that - not having the one feature I bought the printer for ?!? Fortunately , when I called Customer Service , the rep quickly agreed that I was sent the wrong type of printer and agreed to send me a wireless all-in-one -LRB- X4530 -RRB- . Well , two days later an X4550 arrived . That one installed fine on my ` base ' desktop computer that is connected to my wireless router , but I had to call Customer Service -LRB- again -RRB- for help installing my laptop . This CS rep was not so friendly , and tried to blame the problem on the amount of RAM on my laptop . While helping me , he also tried to insult my internet connection , but I told him I have a high-speed cable connection , so he gave up on that . I could not accept the RAM explanation , and I told him that there was no way that the low amount of RAM was preventing my laptop from sending a simple document through the air to my wireless router ! After some reconfiguring of some settings , he was able to get the printer working properly . -LRB- Note
 After 13 Live Chats with Lexmark customer support they decided that my product must be defective . They then shipped me a new printer which they later determined was also defective . When I contacted them asking for support with my THIRD printer , they decided that this one was also defective . I refused to have them send me another printer . They would not refund my money . HORRIBLE !!
 product was defective on arrival , however lexmark replaced the unit with an upgraded model x4550 that works awesome . lexmark has excellent customer service that strives to satisfy the customer . very happy with the x4550 model . easy to set up and very good copy quality . do not buy the z1420 , for 20 dollars more on amazon get the x4550 which has print , scan and copy along with other features that make it a much better buy .
 The reviews on this product vary widely . I am not sure why , but my experience was the pits.I have been unable to connect wirelessly with this computer . Since this was the primary reason I purchased it to begin with , this is a major problem.My wireless home network works fine with all other devices except this computer . The wifi indicator light on the printer has NEVER been lighted . I have had several email exchanges with Lexmark support and searched their website thouroughly , but have never gotten an answer.Lexmark seems to ignore one fundamental issue
 This printer is an absolute atrocity . Even when I put only a single page in the tray , the likelihood of ending up with a complete , undamaged piece of paper with legible print in the end is extremely low . Two or more pages in the tray at once is impossible ; you are more likely to end up with origami than a printed document . As an added bonus , the driver constantly told me that my ink was low -LRB- in a voice louder than any other sounds at a given volume , for some reason -RRB- despite no issues with ink . The wi-fi is iffy.I 'll give it a star because when I pounded it with my fists , all the pieces stayed in place .
 I just decided to throw it away after months of hassle . it seemed to me as great solution to go wireless but it never really works . i have it connected to an imac . difficult set up . every time i need to print , i need at least 3 tries until i succeed . i dont have the patience anymore . never lexmark again .
 Had to return unit . Lexmark was very helpful , sent a new , upgraded printer and provided return label for the old one . New model , a X3500-4500 series works just fine .
 I bought this printer because at home we are 4 people wanting to print from 4 different PC 's . 2 of us are university professors , our 2 kids are in school and need printing , too . As such , the printer does as advertised , it installs easily and prints . The paper feeder however is unreliable , and one in 10 sheets is fed into the printer slightly sided , so that either the print is not horizontal or the paper gets jammed . Thus , every time one wants to print , one has to check if the paper is sitting very upright in the feeder , which is annoying.However , the worst `` feature '' of this printer is costs of ink . The standard ink cartridges -LRB- 23/a and 24/a -RRB- will start to show `` ink level low , replace cartridge '' messages after so little as 20 pages of print ; I know this because I bought a new pack of paper -LRB- 500 sheets -RRB- with the new cartridges , and there are definitely more than 450 sheets still in the package . The ads for the cartridges state that they will be good for slightly more than 200 pages of print ; in my experience , to print 200 pages of standard academic texts one would need around 6 cartridges , which would amount to at least 150 U$ in ink . That 's about 0.75 U$ per page.With a cost per cartridge of above 30 U$ , this printer is just too expensive for someone with real printing needs . Unfortunately , Lexmark has a very opaque policy for refill cartridges . For the printer , two cartridges exist , those identified with a number -LRB- ie 23 -RRB- which will not be refillable and , contrary to announcements will NOT be accepted back by Lexmark -LRB- in both countries in which I have used the printer -RRB- , and those identified with a number + `` A '' -LRB- ie 23A -RRB- , which will be refillable . In both countries in which I have used the printer , it was impossible to find the '' + A '' cartridges in computer and convenience stores ; only the regular , non-refillable ones . Also , I could not find them at online stores . So I had to order directly from Lexmark , very expensive . However , when refilled , the ink level gauge in the software will not reset , so that the software will still consider the cartridge to be low on ink and bother me with false warnings.Thus , I do give the printer only one star , because of the costs per page for anyone wanting to print more than very occasional and sparse text .
 Was excited to get this printer , set it up , it has a hardware failure in its WiFi access according to Lexmark support . Typical offshore tech support , everything takes longer as communication is more difficult , do n't know state abbreviations used in addresses -LRB- since I already provided a zip code you would think they could decode city and state without needing me to spell it slowly ... -RRB- . Needed me to fax proof of purchase -LRB- from earlier this week ! -RRB- but could settle for forwarding copy of Amazon invoice . Hassle , hassle , hassle . Now I wait ...
 I own a Lexmark Z32 ink jet printer . I upgraded my operating system to Mac OSX 10.4.11 and the printer no longer worked . I contacted Lexmark and they responded `` Please accept my heartfelt apologies for the problems you are experiencing with your Lexmark product . To the best of my knowledge , there are currently no plans to develop Mac -LRB- 10.4.11 -RRB- drivers to support this model . Thank you for notifying us of this request . '' So before you buy a Lexmark , think about whether the company will be there for you .
 I purchased this printer because I needed a wireless printer that would fit into a tight space
 Would not connect to network , mfg. replaced with another one that also would not connect to network ?
 I ordered mine at amazon.com 's back in early December . I am still waiting for it . They have delayed it 3 times already . They are telling me now that I might get it come April . At this rate , perhaps I will finally get it before next Christmas ! Do n't be fooled by their `` 1-2 days shipping '' . Sure , it only takes 1-2 days to ship it ; after they hold your order for 4 MONTHS . Other than amazon.com , this might be a good product .
 I bought this at a local Sporting Goods store for $ 150 because of the price and brought it to the range . I could range the 50 , 100 and 150 signs . I was able to range the 181 yard flag ... once only . And the bright yellow 200 yard sign ... forget it . I tried until the battery was dying , balanced it against a board and still could n't hit it . Forget all the other pins . I was able to return it and am waiting for a Nikon with it 's First Priority program to go on sale . Maybe good for other uses , but not golf .
 Any pin over 166 yards I could not get it to engage .
 This unit works effectively only under 200 yds . and will not find a pin on the green.In order to get a reading , you must focus on a golf cart , a tree , or a person on the green . The rangefinder can work well in hunting when a large stationary target is available , but for golf , although very accurate , has limited application .
 This product does not lock on to flags over 130 yards with any consistency . I would not recommend this item .
 This item was returned for credit . It simply does not work outside of about 100 yards . Beyond 100 yards or so , when the flag was in front of any other target -LRB- i.e. trees , etc. -RRB- it would only register the farther away target . When only the flag was visible , it would not register the distance at all .
 I got this item as a gift in the winter I could not use it until late summer . Bushnel says it was not made for golf but for hunting . It does not give true readings to the flag at all . It is advertised as using for that shot of a life time , What a line of bull.They will do nothing for me because I did not contact them within 30 days . An impossibility since I could not try it for a few months . DO NOT BUY FOR GOLF !!!
 I had this rangefinder once and sold it , I miss it so I got the one I have now , but it seem this one take longer to get my yardages , also I feel it does not fine a long range like 200 yards and be on.and some times it does give me the yarders , could it be a bad battery?Eddie Irlanda
 Total waste of money if you are using for golf . This unit that I purchased will give false readings on yardage and sometimes will not give yardage . Sent it back to Bushnell and they sent it back to me and said nothing was wrong . Save your money and buy a good rangefinder
 I guess I should have read the fine print more carefully . These binoculars have no focusing ability whatsoever . To be fair , they are -LRB- somewhat -RRB- in focus at considerable distance to infinity , but I ca n't adjust them to my particular vision -LRB- so they 're never exactly in focus for me at any distance -RRB- , and they 're of no use at closer distances . I should have bought the Nikon version .
 I play executive courses in Florida and many of these are located in housing developments . Flags are frequently in front of houses and or trees . It is difficult to obtain the correct yardage for these holes . There also is very little support on how to align on the target whether it is the flag , flag pole , front of green , etc. . My iGolf GPS unit is much more useful .
 You should make sure to hold tight this yardage during the game . If you drop it on the course , it can be broken and the Bushnell repair center tell you it is outside the warranty.It works great within your hands , but when it falls from your hand , it goes out of order .
 Amazon list the FOV as 393ft@1000yds, while Bushnell website gives 341@1000yds for 17-5010 model . That would correspond to a 6.5 degree FOV instead of a 7.5 FOV , although both are large for a 10x binocular .
 Another model of the Bushnell Perma Focus binocular was bought in Dec. 2011 . Was only used at home court basketball games and broke in half by end of season . Sent product back only to be told it was defective but was not covered under warranty .
 It already got a pair of 7x21 compact binoculars and wanted these ones for bird watching . Unfortunately these ones do n't give a sharp image , not even at greater distance to the object . Because they are `` Perma '' focus there is no way of focusing them to closer objects , let 's say 30 feet away . In general , I would not recommend them .
 Very cumbersome to use . It is so big you have use both hands to hold it steady , you also have to remove your hat because it will not fit under the bill of a golf/baseball hat . Forget about putting it in your pocket or clipping it onto your belt ... you would not be able to swing . I felt like I was bird watching on the course the few times I used it ... though it did provide accurate yardages .
 I do n't have any big problem with its technical specs . My Pro Tour XL works , but its design is flawed . Because its power button is bumped and very sensitive , the device can get powered on very easily in the maker-supplied carrying case . You notice every time you simply put it back in the carrying case , the device turns on . I 'm sure that it gets on whenver I grab it or it 's packed with other stuff in a golf bag . As a result , battery drain is significant . One battery lasted only two months for just a few rounds of play . At this rate , costs of batteries can quickly surpass the price of this device !
 My cheap 10X50 Rugged Exposure brand binoculars give me a better view . The rubber eye cups did not stay folded back for use with my glasses and I could n't get my glasses close enough to eleviate the round `` binocular effect '' . I did a side-by-side comparison with my cheap binocs and liked the cheap ones better - my vision is not that bad either . Maybe with perfect vision they would work for , but I doubt it .
 The Bushnell Permafocus 12x50s do not show as much detail as a pair of 7x35 binoculars for objects less than 100 yards away because the 12x50s are not in good focus at 100 yards , and uselss at less than 50 yards . Bushnell deserves a `` booo-hisss '' for hiding this information from customers . The minimum usable distance probably varies with the ability of the user 's eye to focus -LRB- this decreases with age -RRB- but mine are probably about average . Also , the inside instructions indicate Permafocus binocs are good at less than 100 ft , depending on the model . This is not true for the 12x50s . Most inexpensive 7x35s will give a better view at 300 feet and less.But if objects are over 200 yards , the 12x50s are in focus and flawless as far as i can tell . I can easily recognize people at 700 yards . I can read license plates at 350 yards -LRB- it helps if the binoculars are resting on something to prevent vibration -RRB- . Without a support , there 's probably too much shaking for 16x50 binocs to do much better than 12x50s . The eyepiece rubber does not stay rolled back -LRB- if you try to use them with glasses -RRB- for more than 1 second , so you ca n't wear glasses while using them , but as with other binoculars , you do not need to wear your glasses . I do n't know the science behind it , but whether or not you wear glasses does not seem to make a difference with the Permafocus . The rubber around the eyepieces can not be removed unless it 's cut.In summary , the normal Bushnell 12x50s are probably much better than the Bushnell Permafocus 12x50s because they can be used at much shorter distances and focusing on objects greater than 200 yards should not be too much of a pain . These 12x50s are no good unless your typical viewing distance is greater than 150 yards and you do n't plan to use them on less than about 60 yards . I 'm returning them due to `` manufacturer 's defect '' . But concerning the Permafocus idea
 I agree with reviewer Steve - anything less than a few hundred feet and these binocs are worthless . The paper works says the `` may '' focus down to 35 ' . Maybe some will but not certainly not my pair . I am returning them since they are not good for simple viewing around the yard . And no , the rubber eye caps ABSOLUTELY will not stay back making these binocs almost unusable by people with glasses -LRB- like me -RRB- . Scott
 The Bushnell Permafocus 12x50s do not show as much detail as a pair of 7x35 binoculars for objects less than 100 yards away because the 12x50s are not in good focus at 100 yards , and uselss at less than 50 yards . Bushnell deserves a `` booo-hisss '' for hiding this information from customers . The minimum usable distance probably varies with the ability of the user 's eye to focus -LRB- this decreases with age -RRB- but mine are probably about average . Also , the inside instructions indicate Permafocus binocs are good at less than 100 ft , depending on the model . This is not true for the 12x50s . Most inexpensive 7x35s will give a better view at 300 feet and less.But if objects are over 200 yards , the 12x50s are in focus and flawless as far as i can tell . I can easily recognize people at 700 yards . I can read license plates at 350 yards -LRB- it helps if the binoculars are resting on something to prevent vibration -RRB- . Without a support , there 's probably too much shaking for 16x50 binocs to do much better than 12x50s . The eyepiece rubber does not stay rolled back -LRB- if you try to use them with glasses -RRB- for more than 1 second , so you ca n't wear glasses while using them , but as with other binoculars , you do not need to wear your glasses . I do n't know the science behind it , but whether or not you wear glasses does not seem to make a difference with the Permafocus . The rubber around the eyepieces can not be removed unless it 's cut.In summary , the normal Bushnell 12x50s are probably much better than the Bushnell Permafocus 12x50s because they can be used at much shorter distances and focusing on objects greater than 200 yards should not be too much of a pain . These 12x50s are no good unless your typical viewing distance is greater than 150 yards and you do n't plan to use them on less than about 60 yards . I 'm returning them due to `` manufacturer 's defect '' . But concerning the Permafocus idea
 Just received this product and was very disappointed . Thought I was getting a good bang for the buck . Hazy optics , made my eyes tired very quickly trying to focus . Would spend a few more dollars and upgrade to the Nikon 's
 I suppose this is a good product if you have 20x20 vision . I could have overlooked it , but I do n't recall seeing this mentioned . Unfortunately I do n't have 20x20 vision and everything had a uniformly blurry look.They might be good for you , but they were n't for me .
 I was disappointed . The binoculars gave a jpermanent focus but only for objects further than 100 feet . I had used this product before and the focus was permanent for both far and near .
 This telescope is very hard to use . It is hard to keep focused , the compass is just a little magnetic handheld compass , and the locator was impossible to figure out . Granted , we are amateurs , but we are n't ignorant . The printing on the telescope was upside down when we put it together . Several adults looked at this telescope because we were having so many problems getting it to perform , but they too , gave up ! We sent it back !
 I purchased this telescope last year as a Christmas present . Granted , both the recipient and I are amateurs , but after four hours of trying , the best we could get was an out of focus view of the moon . I 've owned telescopes before , and they worked better than this one . The tripod 's legs would n't stay extended , so that we eventually had to put it on a table to be able to see out . We never used it long enough to try the computer tracking , so I ca n't comment on that.After a couple more attempts to get it to work by friends who know more about telescopes than I do , I unloaded it at a yard sale this summer ...
 BUYER BEWARE !!! Padding insufficient -- my new MacBook 17 was dented within weeks of use of this bag!Furthermore , after less than a year of use the stitching started falling apart !
 I did not expect to get Swarovski 's , but these binoculars were n't worth the shipping . I 'm debating whether to go through the return process , or just throw them away.The right diopter does n't have enough focal range to clarify the image , and the main focus never gets crisp either . I 'm used to cheap optics that are only clear in the center field of view , but each lens seems to have some arbitrary focal point that does n't match the other side . What you end up with is a stereoscopic image that is never entirely in focus ... . and a headache.I have a $ 30 pair of Bushnell Insta-Focus porro prism binocs that I 've chosen to carry instead .
 This product does not fit FH-p4200MP radio or double din dash for 99 honda civic .
 I bought the USR5610B performance pro modem january 2006 and it was very disappointing . First of all it is overated , my Rockwell HCF 56K modem connects faster than this USR . The whole line probing technology could be a hoax , nobody knows if it actually does what it claims . Not to mention the game mode , if the game mode is so much superior for games then why ca n't it be used for normal downloads ? Nobody seems to know exactly what game mode is , I think that could be another hoax . Also my cd did not have the game mode software so I had to try it using AT commands . I have an old ISA 56K Lucent modem that beats this USR . This product is overpriced and the software that comes with it is hardly functional , when you set things with the control center it stores if it feels like it . When you reopen the control center you might find settings enabled that you did not set . What 's the point in all those settings anyway ; if you change any of them , most likely you wo n't be able to connect . Only buy this if you need it for Linux , any P4 could pick up the slack for a winmodem so if you got a winmodem and you are thinking about buying USR5610B then save your money . You could get dsl for cheaper than this modem .
 This modem is very unreliable . It ca n't hold a connection for more than an hour before randomly cutting out . My wife 's 56K modem -LRB- Apple -RRB- never misses a beat on same phone line . USR warranty is now only two years . On top of that , customer support by phone is only free for 90 days . After that you pay ... for the privilege . You can probably buy a better modem for -LSB- the money -RSB- . By the way , that 's what I 'm gon na do .
 After excellent , albeit not spectacular , connections with an old ZOOM external serial port V. 90 modem , I thought it time to not only upgrade to the V. 92 communication protocol but also get rid of the cables and power brick that are part of any external modem , as well as the outdated standard serial port . Note that the old ZOOM modem -LRB- with a new XP driver -RRB- worked flawlessly on a new DELL 2.6 GHz Pentium with 512 MB of RAM , running Win-XP Pro . I picked the USR 5610 for two reasons
 When I bought this computer -LRB- used -RRB- in 2005 , it came with some bargain-priced generic modem that I did n't quite trust . I was going to be online a lot so I thought I 'd invest in something better that I would n't have to worry about.The USR got reasonably fast connections , typically 50666 bps -LRB- it helps that I live close to the phone company -RRB- . It did n't seem to drop calls in the usual way but something kept going wrong . I 'd be in the middle of a session , click a link , and either the other site would stop answering or my browser would tell me it was `` unable to locate '' the host . Windows System Monitor would show normal numbers for Bytes Transmitted per second but Bytes Received would go to zero and stay there . I was new to this computer , new to this version of Windows , new to the browser I was using , and new to the modem so it took me quite a while to get a fix on the problem.At first I thought that once the problem started , I could only clear it by rebooting . After a while I discovered that I just had to disconnect , kill the task `` Rnaapp '' -LRB- part of Dial-Up Networking -RRB- , and redial.After almost 3 years I downloaded a modem firmware upgrade from USR . The problem did n't go away but it changed considerably . I seemed to be getting more reduced-speed connections . The `` deaf mode '' problem happened as often as ever but now I could clear it just by redialing the connection , without having to kill Rnaapp first.A year later I had to replace my hard drive . I had some difficulty reinstalling the USR modem afterwards so I went back to the generic -- temporarily , I thought , till I could resolve the installation issue . IT WAS MUCH BETTER BEHAVED THAN THE USR HAD BEEN ! I 've only had one `` deaf mode '' incident in the year since I retired the USR , and by now I 'm satisfied that the modem was the problem all along .
 Never ever buy this . Not at all compatible . I got error C 04:00 with this battery which indicates compatibility error .
 I bought this 3rd party battery with a charger and received 2 that did n't fit my camcorder . At least the charger I received works for the battery that came with the handicam so it was n't a total loss .
 Nothing will kill a beginning astronomer 's interest quicker than this flimsy `` department-store '' telescope . Never buy a telescope based solely on claims like `` 420x ! '' . The highest magnification this telescope can realistically provide under the best of viewing conditions is about 50-60x per inch of aperture , or 120-140 power in this case . Light-gathering ability is by far the most important consideration when purchasing a telescope . A much better choice for a first scope would be a 4-inch dobsonian mounted reflecting telescope , available for just a few more dollars ; you DO get what you pay for .
 This scope is NOT a good starter scope for anyone interested in astronomy . Here 's why :1 . The objective is too small , only 60 mm , 2.36 inches , so it is too small to bring in the light necessary for even a beginning look at the universe . I suppose it is adequate for the moon , but that is it . The planets will appear as very small disks . One will be able to see Saturn 's rings , but the image will be very small . Forget it for deep sky objects , clusters , galaxies , etc. 2 . The mount is an altazimuth , which will not follow the celestial object in the sky . The earth is rotating , and anyone focusing on a star or moon will quickly find the object drifting out of the field of vision . A better mount is an equatorial mount which makes it much easier to track objects .3 . The mount will vibrate when touched , which will cause the image in the eyepiece to `` shiver '' , which is very frustrating.Even for the low price , do n't be enticed by this scope ; it has too many flaws . Save your money for a larger scope with a better mount.Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig , astronomy buff
 This scope is not really very good for viewing planets but is ok for the moon if you stick with the 20MM eyepiece , the 5MM , giving about 140X , is just to much for this mount as it vibrates very easily and is hard to hold anything in the FOV for very long ! I think it would be better for a person to buy a 4.5 inch reflector with a Dobsian mount for just a few bucks more .
 This was what I chose for my 15 year prize from work . It went to the curb for trash pick up just the other day . Junk is what it is . I was so excited to have a new back deck this summer and use the telescope with my boys . Tried for about 2 hours and was n't worth my time . The view finder was no help . We saw more without the lenses in ! Do n't wast your money .
 DO N'T BUY KINGSTON PRODUCTS . THEIR ON LINE SELECTION GUIDE WAS WRONG FOR MY COMPUTER . THEY EVEN ADMITTED IT AND STILL WOULD NOT GIVE ME A REFUND !
 I put in that I was looking for accessories for the older 60cxs and got this and the belt clip . neither use the screw on the back , seems to slide into something . . was able to use part of the belt clip to replace the broken one that came with the unit
 This TV has a ton of features that are amazing for the price . Do not purchase this television . Do NOT.Why , you ask ? It has major defects . The picture quality , features , inputs and outputs , and aesthetics are AMAZING for the price . But you just ca n't get around defects.I purchased this television about 4 months ago . The well-documented geometric `` bowing '' that seems to take place at the edges of the screen are very apparent . I simply can not believe Samsung can release a TV with a defect as major as this . The edges of the screen , especially when watching digital broadcasts , look like you are watching them through goggles or something . Terrible . If there is a stock ticker or menu or graphic along the edges of the screen , they are wavy , and bend outwards towards the edge of the screen . Why have an HDTV if the screen is defective?Secondly , another well-documented defect started to occur about a month ago . Purple and yellow blotches or blobs of color are forming on the left and right sides of the screen . If you watch Family Guy , Peter 's face is green instead of peach . Nice . I thought only the bowing was the main problem , but after some internet-research , I found tons of others with this problem as well . If you do n't believe me , search on Google , you will find a forum with 56 pages of complaints on this one model of television . Degaussing the television does NOT help.Thirdly , when you are watching digital broadcasted HDTV , the commercials make your set snap and pop in between commercials . If that 's not annoying , I do n't know what is . I 've found others with this problem as well !! All three of these major problems , and the refusal of Samsung to issue a recall or replacement , is making me give this TV 2 stars.The only reason I 'm giving it 2 stars -LRB- instead of 1 -RRB- is because if it were n't for these defects , which is happening on over half of the TV sets purchased , this would be one of the best values the television market has ever seen . HDMI , component , optical out , slim fit design , it 's perfect - until the defects start to take effect . DO NOT BUY THIS TELEVISION.And to a lot of reviewers out there that say the geometric `` bowing '' at the edges of the screen is n't a big deal , come on over to my house and see how horrible it is on MY screen . Not a good purchase .
 junk specs are off didnt work or help for me at all had to make custom ones from mdf board
 I bought these for my 2001 Chevrolet Cavalier to install a pair of 6.5 '' Infinity Kappas . First problem is that the holes for the speaker to go on are n't spaced far enough out , but thankfully the speakers came with plates that helped in that regard . The bigger problem is that they are n't flat and make your speakers stick out a lot more than they would otherwise , so my door panels wo n't fit back on . I 'm either gon na have to cut holes for the speakers to stick out -LRB- thank goodness they have nice grilles -RRB- or not use these plates at all and try to mount the speakers some other way.edit
 When installed in a Pontiac Sunfire there is almost no room between the front of the bracket and the door panel . I could n't find a decent speaker that would fit . 61/2 '' speakers do n't even fit in the adapter at all . I had to cut an inch off with a rotary saw but was determined to get it in as I already had brought the speakers.Unless you are adept with a saw I would n't bother .
 Although this product is described as being for `` 1995-up '' Pontiac Sunfires , this is patently not the case . When installed in a 1998 Pontiac Sunfire , not only are the included screws just barely large enough not to pull through the holes , but worse , the door panel impacts the speaker face fully an inch before the clips that hold the panel onto the door make it to the holes that receive them.In order to make this product work , I needed to cut out the entire inner speaker grille from the door panel , and glue the outer speaker grille back in at an angle to cover the speaker.I used this product with a pair of Pioneer TS-G1643R 6.5-Inch 2-Way Speakers , and did not use the speaker grille included with the speakers .
 I purchased this TV on January 14th , 2007 , still have the receipt . It broke this morning , February 15 , 2008 . We are outside of the 1yr warranty by 1 month and a day . The TV , when I turn it on , has no picture and the blue power light just blinks . I searched google and found that many people are having the same problem.DO NOT BUY THIS TV !
 I got this for my dad who is hard of hearing . He had used TV Ears which worked well for a while but then died . These JVC headphones are comfortable and the sound qualify is good -LRB- better than the TV Ears -RRB- so probably would be good for use by those without hearing loss . BUT the maximum volume on these JVCs is too low . At max volume level the volume was good for me -LRB- no hearing loss -RRB- but no help for my dad . Also it 's not easy to place the unit on the stand to engage the battery charger on the base unit . Headphones have to be placed with the correct orientation -LRB- charging port only on one side of the headphones -RRB- and correct angle . Finally , instructions say that batteries take 30 hours to fully charge and that you should n't recharge the batteries until they are depleted otherwise will shorten life . TV Ears could be placed on base for recharging anytime headphones not being used .
 I purchased these to listen to TV late at night when wife is sleeping ; a compromise . These were the first wireless headphones I purchased and I 'll be returning them ASAP . The static is just unbearable . They are comfortable to wear , but the static is nearly constant . Every once in a while , I 'll get it to sound great , but with no movement what-so-ever , all of a sudden the static is back . Very disappointed . I do n't want to deal with line-of-sight issues of infrared headphones , but I 'll need to search for headphones that transmit the audio digitally instead of analog .
 A terrible disappointment.JVC products have performed well for me in the past . My familiarity with the brand , and the reasonable price , prompted my purchase of these headphones.Their awful performance was a surprise and a shock to me.When I stood or sat within 2 to 3 feet of the transmitter , the headphones sounded great . From 4 to 6 feet , there was an annoying hiss . From 6 to 12 feet I could still hear the music but the noise was awful -- totally unacceptable . Any greater distance than that and the noise was so loud it completely drowned out the music.Maybe the headphones I received were defective , but they were absolutely useless to me . I returned them to Amazon immediately.Amazon handled the return and refund to my credit card promptly . Great company to do business with . But in this case , the product was substandard .
 I was excited when I received the headphones but not more than 2 minutes . First the left side of the ear pad was n't attached properly so I had to put it back . It is not really that easy to me . Secondly , I have to take out the right side of the ear pad to put in the batteries . Again , I have to struggle to put the ear pad back . Of course , after the second one , I think I know it better how to install it . Be sure you will read the mannual how to insert the ear pad . Otherwise , you could have whole lot of trouble just like me . The headphone base connection to TV is easy to set up and the package comes with the convertion cord from TV to the base . It is a very nice consideration . The static is a major issue to me . I have to be in the right position and no any other electronic nearby me . If I walk just a little bit away from the base , the statics become very annoying . More about it is whenever I turn my head , the statics come out . Will try few days and see if I can work out with a solution by finding out how to avoid the statics . It does bother me .
 My old JVC Headphones lasted 6-7 years . I order this unit and it would not charge . Called JVC they could n't help . Sent unit back . Received replacement unit-will not charge . Looks like the connection is not very good . Sending the second unit back .
 Absolutely , positively , without a doubt , the worst sounding headphones I 've ever put on my head . Imagine sitting in a back corner of your house , having those yellow foam ear plugs in your ears , and the stereo is playing in a room at the other end of the house . There is absolutely no dynamic range to these cans at all . I suppose they would be passable if you were listening to an audio book , but that 's about it . You get what you pay for , so step up to some real headphones and drop these pretenders .
 I bought this for watching TV late at night . Any of these 3 problems would have made me return it . But 3 out of 3 ?! Wow , what a bad product . What you will get if you buy this :1 -RRB- a volume level that -LRB- at max -RRB- is barely audible . No way to adjust the levels , all you can do is max out the TV volume , but not enough to hear .2 -RRB- a prominent electronic hum that never stops .3 -RRB- a charging base that is cheap and poorly designed , so that it is hard to keep the headphones on the electrical contacts to get them charged.Really , save yourself frustration , just try another product .
 I would not recommend this product for several reasons . First , it is very inconvenient to install or remove the batteries . Second , it is very cumbersome to line up the connector on the headset with its mate on the charging stand . And lastly , the maximum volume obtainable on the headset is too low even with the battery fully charged .
 It took three weeks and three contacts with JVC to make the product work , and then it only lasted two weeks .
 I purchased this because I will sometimes play my xbox after my wife is in bed and it would keep her up with the speakers on . I like the idea of headphones , however these are not the best one to get . The price is good , but there is a lot of static . I can hear the audio fine , but there is a lot of static , even when I turn my head jsut a little it will increase or decrease the static . I have the transmitter/charger next to the T.V. and only sit 10 feet away and still get static . I would not reccomend .
 These headphones are simply no good . First they arrived with stone-dead rechargable batteries . I had to pay to replace them . Now they work , but very intermittently and the sound quality is miserable - lots of static and frequent loud squeals and squawks . Do n't waste your time and money . What has happened to JVC ? They used to be a respectable company .
 I am not happy with this product at all and I wish I had never ordered it . I read all of the reviews prior to my purchase and I thought I was buying a good product but I made a mistake . It has been several weeks since our purchase and we STILL CA N'T FIGURE OUT HOW TO GET THE HEADPHONES TO WORK ! They did not come with any instructions , we had to get those online and when we did they were as clear as mud . The only thing keeping me from returning this item is the fact that I did n't keep the original packaging . I wasted $ 50.00 on a product I ca n't use . Needless to say , I am very upset .
 Unit excessively buzzed on every channel and even after following directions to get a full battery charge . Expected much better quality from JVC
 After struggling for several hours to figure out how to connect the headphones we called the manufacturer . The headphones are made by JVC and our television set is JVC , so it seemed that they would be a perfect match . Instead we were told that they were incompatible with our TV because `` it did n't have the same technology '' . Interestingly enough , before we returned them in order to verify this we connected them to our radio , which was a different brand and they worked fine.So , I would recommend that if anyone is interested in purchasing this headphone , they contact JVC first.JVC HAW600RF 900 MHz Wireless Stereo Headphones
 I have a defective product and I 've written 2 e-mails to the dealer and he has ignored both . Do not buy from this dealer . I had to go into arbitration to get my refund started .
 I found these headphones had a lot of noise . Returned them ASAP . Do n't bother ! The return experience with Amazon was great ! Recommend them .
 I bought one from CircuitCity because I am suspicious that I might need to return it , although JVC is a brand I did n't have bad experience so far . This headphone is a real disappointment . Not only it has static noice , hard to charge , but 5 out of 10 times it can not pick up the signal at all . I tried everything and it worked eventually , but I do n't know which action causes this . Sometimes it did get the signal from the beginning , but after charging for a while , it can not pick up the signal again . The instruction is not helpful either.Anyway , I am quite disappointed at the product . Will return it tomorrow .
 Just hooked up a pair of these I purchased last year so my warranty already expired . I suppose I 'm old school and remember the big comfortable Koss headphones . The padding around the ears is small -LRB- I do n't have big ears -RRB- . As a result , there is poor fit-up . The 900Mhz wireless does not work very well and suffers from static and broken signal . Disappointed , normally JVC is pretty good . Stick with corded headphones with an extension for a clean sound .
 There is a distinct hiss in these headphones at all times . I am really surprised , given the generally high quality of consumer electronics these days , that something this poorly performing would be on the market today , especially from a quality manufacturer like JVC.In my opinion , the sound quality would completely preclude listening to music , and would be barely acceptable for TV . While the signal quality is good , the noise level is unacceptable .
 What I do n't like about these is the way you have to position them in the cradle to make sure they charge . I bought these for my elderly father and he 's having a hard time positioning them correctly - and if they 're not positioned correctly they wo n't charge .
 I bought these JVC headphones as I have a hearing loss and I always get complaints about the TV being too loud . I bought JVC because I have a JVC sound processor . My impression of the headphones is that they are not a well-designed unit.I have experienced two main problems with this headphone/transmitter set . First , the positioning of the headset in the charger/transmitter has to be perfect or the headset will not charge . And it is very problematic to position the headphones in the charger in exactly the correct manner . If the headset is not perfectly placed , it will not charge the batteries . Therefore , intelligent user-friendly engineering of the charge/headset combo is really lacking . Secondly , the transmitter on my unit will suddenly go off and transmit loud static ! That will wake you up real quick ! The sound may stop transmitting for up to a minute or more , and then it will come back on . The problem became more frequent so I finally stopped using the headset entirely . JVC has the WORST customer service center in the entire civilized world , -LRB- I have tried to get other JVC items serviced and have had nothing but trouble with them -RRB- , so I junked the unit . I bought a Sony headset and so far it works great.My advice is to avoid this JVC product.kone
 In my opinion the JVC HAW600RF is a poorly designed product .1 . No instructions what-so-ever .2 . Virtually impossible to access batteries .3 . Beware ! Item description is wrong . The description indicates 2 AA batteries . The product really uses 2 AAA batteries which shortens the listening time between charges .
 In a word , this product is crap . Really it 's not worth ten cents . After buying this product I have made a mental note to never buy a JVC product again.You unlike me , have been warned .
 Buyer beware ! Item was shipped with a short in the electronics and had to return . Even though item clearly states that `` this is not returnable '' , I returned it anyway , only to receive more problems . Stay away from this . I am refuting the credit card charges and plan on winning this one .
 Item purchased as gift for spouse whose hearing is fading ; head phones intended for use while watching TV . Spouse declined to use them due to their bulk . Headset was returned unopened .
 Arrepentido de comprarlo , creo que perd&iacute; mi dinero . Pobre recepci&oacute;n , todo el tiempo con ruido de interferencia en cualquiera de los tres canales , inc&oacute;modos , demasiado grandes . En fin arrependido . Los hab&iacute;a coprado para reemplazar unos infrarrojos Sony , pero definitivamente lo lo voy a poder hacer .
 My main complain about this product is the static background which is present most of the time and positions . When I move around , the noise can increase suddenly . I tried various locations for several day but still could not find a peaceful moment . May be I got a defective unit or it is supposed to be like this for a 900 Hz wireless headphone . I had no difficulty in charging the battery and recieving over a distance around the house , which is nice . No instruction came with the package . It took me some time to locate the batery compartment . Bottom line
 This product is a good product and it serves its purpose well . It 's very easy to set up and use which is a plus . The down-sides to this set are as follows
 These headphones are just OK . I have a comparable pair made by Sony and they are way better with regards to overall design , sound and distance . But these work fine for inside my small shop .
 These headphones seemed like they were what my dad needed for watching tv . He is hard of hearing so we were looking for an alternative to having the television on so loud . I followed the directions for setting them up and was never able to get them to work . I would have returned them but I have n't had time to go through the hassle .
 The device is reasonably good when it works , but the problem was the power connection . It worked when I pluged it in but a few days later it quit and I found the power in line out and would not stay in . I tried the JVC web site for help but never got anywhere . I tried their phone no . and after punching several sets of selections I finally got to the one for my problem and as soon as I did I would be cut off . I found the warranty service center in my city and took it there . They found the problem but said they could n't repair it as it was a replacement type instead . They gave me form to fill out and said sent it all back to JVC . The attendant said if it was his he would not undergo the hassel , take his loss and buy another one !
 It has a very short range reception , plus They made it entirely too hard to install the batteries.For us old people with arthritic fingers . I gave up on getting the cover back on , and cut a donut shape from some foam rubber and gluing in on . Would not buy another or recommend.It 's still better than those that have the radio in them.They are always switching off the thing I want to hear to one of the radio stations
 I purchased this to replace a worn out five year old Radio Shack model I was very happy with . It would n't charge on its stand . The batteries were a pain to put in per other reviews - having to remove the inner ear cover to get to the battery compartment led me to think , `` Really - this was thought to be intelligent designing ? '' . Putting the ear cover back on was equally annoying . I failed to notice when I selected it that it is not a stereo headset . The left & right audio out ports from my cable box had to be turned into one audio feed via adaptor in to the headset . There are several settings to then scan to try to hear the audio . All gave me nothing but static . -LRB- I had freshly charged rechargeable batteries -RRB- . Tried virgin bateries and the headset would not latch and give a charging signal . Shipped this back . Went to Radio Shack and bought a nice model off the shelf that set up easily and works fine ... for almost the same.price .
 You need to install two batteries behind the right ear cushion . The trouble is it is difficult to get the cushion off and trying to put it back on will drive you CRAZY . The photo shows no effort needed . Then you need to somehow slip a limp fabric edge around a stiff oval of plastic on the earpiece . My wife and I , together could n't do it . Incredibly poor design . Not worth the effort . My advice do n't buy it in the first place . I plan on returning the headphones to Amazon .
 JUNK - no instructions and you need to take off the ear foam to put in batteries . NOT easy to put back on . Also they are very bulky and uncomfortable . Do NOT buy this thing .
 These headphones do not work ! The only sound I have heard so far is static . I do not recommend this to anyone and I plan to return them .
 I have had to replace these headphones four times -- using the year warranty . There is constant static heard in the headphones , sometimes so loud it overwhelms my music , and after a few months of regular use one ear piece stops working . Currently -LRB- on my fifth pair I have received -RRB- I have only the left ear only projecting sound , while the right ear is solid static.I am so sick of spending seven dollars to return these headphones , I am throwing them away for good ! UGH .
 Lasted on a shore time . Piece of crap . No more to say and hate having to fill in words just to submit
 no sirven para nada , tienen una recepci&oacute;n muy molesta y los he probado desde todos los angulos , desde todas las distancias , con interferencias , sin interferencias , pilas nuevas , de colores de todas las marcas etc ... mal negocio
 Very disappointing , after just 2 months the base no longer works . Does not light up or show any signs of working . Other issues were that LOUD static would sometimes blast through the ear phones . Not worth buying at any price !
 the head phones are ok , except to change the batteries , you must remove a fabric covering and it is hard to replace and will wear out quickly
 Purchased these looking for even average sound quality simply to have decent audio while not disturbing others either as they work or later in the evening when kids go to bed . Tried them on our old Toshiba set , which is quite old - but still working . No matter what channel - there is a constant crackling and hum att all distance ranges . I can not get rid of this . I upgraded to a Samsung HD - LED system with a new , fairly high quality power strip with advanced filtering and surge protection . Among the numerous array of input/output connections , the Samsung actually has a phono out jack on the back allowing a direct and simple connection . Thought I 'd give it a change with the new system &#62; No difference whatsoever . I am not an audiophile so my expectations were modest . I still get static even when plugging into the output of the Korg 320 digital piano . To me this is unusable ; I would not buy this unit again and will look for something else .
 The unit power supply connector in base unit was broken on a brand new unit straight out of the box so the Christmas gift was a bit of a let down . Battery installation was way more complicated than necessary , could have been designed a lot better . I was really disappointed with the unit overall and would not reccommend it . Do n't know about the sound quality since it never worked.Now I have to bother with returns , shipping cost etc.Your milage may very ...
 HA-W6000RF - 900MHZI bought this item to connect on a flat screen TV set , so that whenever my wife watches TV , she wo n't interfere with my works . The brand new unit HAS NO INSTRUCTIONS WHATSOEVER , not on a separate sheet , nor on the hard card ! After plugging the transmitter unit into the TV and as the green light Power went off -LRB- fully charged ? -RRB- , I put the headphone on , but could not hear anything ! The ON/OFF and Volume switches do n't seem to make any difference regardless at what position I switched them to!There are two AAA batteries included in the package , but regardless how hard me and my wife 've tried , we could not be able to locate the chamber to put these batteries in ! What are they for?It 's been almost a week and I still can not use the unit . Please , somebody help ! Thanks.Mr . Nguyen
 I am not sure why manufacturers make something that does not work well . Dont they realize that people wont purchase again?I thought a wireless headset would be a good idea , these headphones did not work well .1 . The hiss and clicks on any channel makes them unusable .2 . They are light and cheap feel3 . They do not have much in terms of adjustment for strap.I returned these ! I guess you have to spend $ 100 to get a decent pair or $ 300 ?
 Headphones would n't work on my tv in my living room . It would only work on my other tv 's that were connected with a converter box connected to them . -LRB- Changing my tv 's to digital -RRB- . My tv in the living room is a much newer model and I do n't need a converter box with it . They work fine on the older tv . I purchased the headphones for my husband who is hard of hearing . He only listens to the tv in the living room . I wish I had known this before I purchased this product .
 The audio quality of these headphones is good , but the power and channel buttons on the ear cones are too easy to press accidentally.Also , the headphones produce wireless interference with your head at certain angles.The headphones are big and bulky and make it hard to lie down and watch .
 This concept works fine but the static is horrible . I can only have the right ear covered , it is horribly irritating . If I am near the microwave while running , the static is even worse .
 They charge easily , but there is static on almost all of the channels , which is frustrating . I regret I can not recommend them .
 Used this product for approx 3 months then it suffered a catastrophic failure . Tried to contact customer service with JVC and could never really get answers . Not a good buy . Save your money and invest in more expensive unit that has greater service
 Worst headphones i have ever used . There was a random crackle and hiss no matter what channel i used and no matter how many times i scanned . Then when there was no hiss the speakers sounded horrible once turned up a little . So even if the fm reception was clear they are still garbage , and yes i charged them for 30 hours -LRB- see instructions -RRB- before ending up with these results .
 This product was such a disappointment . It only worked intermitently . At times it word half way work , but the volume was so low it was difficult to hear . The problems started immediately . I have onwed this product less than 1 month and would not buy it again . I can not reccommend this product to anyone .
 I had a pair of headphone from Radio Shack that finally gave out after 5 or 6 years . They were sturdy , had individual ear volume controls , good comfortably , well cushioned ear pieces . My daughter gave them to me as a gift when my hearing started declining . Unfortunately RC do n't have them anymore and I searched the net for something comparable . They do the job , but are not as comfortable , sturdy , and all the things I listed . The charging base and transmitter are hard to set up to charge the batteries in the set . Unless you 're desperate or cheap , do n't buy this JVC set
 I use this item when my wife is sleeping , so I do n't disturb her.The distance from the TV -LRB- where the base is -RRB- to the couch -LRB- where I sit , wearing the headset -RRB- is about 10 ft. The reception is usually good , but sometimes I get a lot of static noise , buzzing , etc. . Sometimes it goes away if I change my position , and some other times I need to change the frequency because the buzz becomes very annoying.The battery life is quite good , but I noticed that if I leave the headset off the cradle , even if powered off , the batteries still run empty in about two days.I would n't recommend this model .
 I try to use these about 10 feet away with an unobstructed view and they crackle and pop continiously . Turning the volume up to an unbearable level will override the noise . If I turn my head just right the noise will stop . Would not recommend if you want a clear reception .
 It 's hard to even give one star to something that did n't work right out of the box . I purchased this item after receiving a friend 's recommendation , despite the numerous negative reviews . He was happy with his . I 'm not . I got nothing but static upon completing the connection after following the set up instructions step by step . Tried two more times with same result . I tried plugging it in to a different receptacle . No luck there either . Returned as defective . Also , I hate the theft-proof blister pack it came in . I cut my hand trying to open it .
 I got these as a Christmas present , and I was so excited . I like to watch movies after the kids go to bed , but always have to keep the volume way down . I thought these would be the solution , but there is constant static . I think it is damaging my ears . I 've tried every adjustment , and ca n't seem to eliminate the noise . And if I turn my head at all the static gets even worse . Also the range is terrible on mine . Get more than 5 feet and the static gets worse . I must have defective pair .
 The headphones are great - I alredy have 2 pair , HOWEVER , ANT Online -LRB- the seller -RRB- only allows 30 days for requesting an RMA - these were purchased as a Christmas present well before the holidays . The person receiving the present did n't like the headphones , but ANT Online insisted that no RMA would be issued as it was past the 30 day period.BUYER BEWARE !!
 I am usually a big supporter of JVC products . However , this item is an absolute disgrace to the name . I ca n't even give it one star . Poor sound quality , RF noise . NO range at all.Don ' t waste you money .
 Installed and noticed that my computer was running slower than when I used 1 gig of Ram . Had to take this one out and put my old 1 gig back in .
 This memory suffers the powersave `` lockup '' noted elsewhere on the eeePC . I 'm confident it 's fine for other applications , just not this particular one . I had purchased Kingston for compatability but failed , so this memory ended up being junk for me . I 'm told Crucial is the brand to use for the eeePC 900 . I 'll definitely research better for my next stick . Downgraded to 512mb for now .
 Product not delivered in time . . Even the return courier was not picket by UPS . . Had to finally raise an RMA ...
 I bought one Kingston KVR667D2S5/2G 2GB to install into a new EEE PC 1000 HA and when i brought up system properties , It only registered 1 gig of ram instead of the 2 . I know for a fact that is is a 2 gig stick of ram -LRB- because it has 16 of those black things . . -RRB- so i know this is n't some shipping problem , meaning the product they sent me is just defective .
 Memory chip took 2.5 weeks to actually arrive from Amazon . I picked amazon because it was the best price , and it was actually in stock where with other vendors it was not . Yet astonishingly , I ordered from New Egg 3 days after Amazon when I learned of the delayed delivery date and despite not being in stock at New Egg , it arrived a full week before the Amazon order did.I tried to cancel the order a week in , yet since it had not been received I could not return it . And though it had not yet been shipped , I could not cancel the order . This is likely the last thing I will ever buy from Amazon .
 Hi , I generally try to give a product a fair chance before forming a judgment . I have to talk on phone a lot -LRB- suffice to say that I have a 5000 minutes plan for my mobile -RRB- and hence wanted to invest in a `` state-of-the-art '' head set for my cell phone . The main criterion I had was that my client should not know if I was making the call from my car , while crossing the road or my office . I searched on the internet and found this head set.This headset is not as comfortable or as non conspicuous like the others smaller Bluetooth enabled -LRB- like by Jabra -RRB- . I was willing to tolerate some discomfort as long as I could conduct a professional voice call with my clients without background noise.Well , I started talking on this headset , assuming that all the marketing hype was true . But soon I realized that this headset can not be trusted . I was making a call to my wife one day and she asked me if the weather was really bad . I was walking in slight windy conditions while talking to her and she heard a storm in the back ground . Same happened while the AC vents in the car were blowing air . OK , maybe this head set might be build just for places where there is no wind.But lo and behold , while calling from my office too , it seams that this headset would sometimes fade in-fadeout . I was really disappointed with this set.This head set comes in 2 parts
 I purchased my Boom-O about 8 years ago . Earlier this year I started having some problems with it so I sent it in , got it fixed and all was good to go.Well a few weeks ago I started having the same problem so I tried to contact them . They were in the middle of a move so I was n't able to get in contact with them . When I 'd call them there was never an operator , all I could do was dial extensions and get voice mails , never an actual person . Finally about 3 weeks ago I get someone in customer service and he sends me an email with the info to mail the headset back . He also tells me I should have it back in about 2 weeks . So I mail it in , no problem thinking ok , I 'll get it back.I get the return receipt from the post office that they received it 3 days after I mailed it . Well about a week later I do n't hear anything from them so I call them and yet again , no live person , just have to leave a message . I do n't hear back from anyone so I 'm thinking they do n't have anything to tell me . Last week I call and again , of course no live person , just a voice mail so I leave yet another message.This past Tuesday I get a call from their tech telling me that he just got my headset and was going to see what was wrong with it . Of course I 'm mad now because I was told I 'd have it back in 2 weeks and yet it 's 2 weeks and they 're just starting on it . The tech tells me they did n't have a tech and he was just hired yesterday but he 'd look at it and have someone call me back that afternoon.Of course I do n't get a call back so I email the person who sent me the info to return the headset . Low and behold , he does n't email me back . Now I 'm livid because they have my headset and they 're not calling or emailing me back . So I call again yesterday , of course get voice mail and I 'm loud on the voice mail . I 'm not screaming , but I 'm getting loud and getting my point across.I get a call today from the president of the company telling me how he does n't appreciate me threatening or getting rude with his employees . Um hello , I 've only talked to your repair man once and I was n't rude to him . I also was n't rude on the voice mail either , I just raised my voice . He goes on and on about how I was rude and I do n't have a right to talk to his people like that . At that point that is when I went off . I reminded him that I am paying them to do a service for me , not the other way around . I informed him that if he was doing this for free I 'd kiss his butt to get it done , but I 'm paying them and I expect some sort of customer service.He basically told me that I 'm rude and he never wants to do business with me again . I asked him if he was going to talk to his employees that ignored me on several occassions and he said he was n't , that I was wrong . I then told him that I could n't believe that I , a paying customer , ca n't get mad at his employees when they do n't call me back , yet it 's ok for him to pay them to ignore me.This man honestly thought it was ok for them not to contact me and that I was wrong to be upset . I did tell him that thanks to his being rude to me that I 'd let everyone I know how horrible the customer service has become here . He then tells me I 'm threatening him . I told him I was n't , a threat is saying I 'm going to come to CA and kick his butt , but I did n't say that . What I was saying was n't a threat , it was a promise , that 's different.So I 'm keeping my promise and that is why I 'm posting this . I 'm also going to contact the BBB and post on every forum I can find to let others know how horrible they are . He probably did n't think I 'd do all of that , but I always keep my promise.I like my headset very much but the customer service is horrible over there . Ever since they moved locations they have gone down in the dumps . If you need a headset I 'd suggest you look elsewhere than them .
 After my first Boom headset , I evangelized it to everyone who would listen . The noise reduction is truly amazing . I tested it by calling my home number and leaving a message while I was driving , narrating the current conditions
 Like a dummy , I 've bought about six or seven headsets from this company . I 've owned about three different models this one included . They all break or fall apart in very short order . The materials they use are garbage . You would expect this quality from the 99 Cent only store , but believe me you are more likely to find better quality there than this . That 's how bad it is . The cost to replace parts like the ear wrap , which constantly breaks , cost over $ 15 for part , shipping and tax . The part that goes in your ear feels like the hard plastic cone the doctor sticks in your year when examining you . The technology might be good , but still why bother if it 's going to break or fall apart in the first week or two ?
 This was the second boom purchase I made -- hoping for the ultimate headset . The first , was the boom V4 , which stopped working after a few months . I then returned the V4 , and for the substantial price difference , bought the boom E. Also , totally useless . The calls get disconnected very easily and the entire apparatus is very clunky.The service from the company is extremely poor as well . I made several calls and emails trying to get the 2nd headset replaced and never heard back from them.I purchased a Plantronics wired headset for $ 25 that was compact with better voice quality than this one .
 this product is a complete waste of money ... not worth 2cents . never worked . we returned the headset 3 times and the owner of the company is useless and refused to fix our headsets that never worked
 The quality of this headset is worse than the cheap , old , broken $ 5 headset it replaced . The advertisements for this are complete BS . The sound quality is terrible - my voice is tinny and scratchy , and even subtle background noises , like a gentle breeze from a ceiling fan , seemed AMPLIFIED over my own voice . This headset works OPPOSITE of what is claimed ! Not worth $ 5 , let alone $ 150 . Complete ripoff !
 In less than a year and with supervised use by a four year old and almost three year old , it broke . I do n't get it . One second it plays the cd the next it does n't . I do not recommend it . It 's expensive for what it is and obviously cheaply made .
 This is the first review I have ever written , but I 'm upset about the quality of this product . I have had this player for less than 6 months and already the CD player has stopped working . Sometimes it does n't spin . Sometimes it just displays `` error '' when you turn the CD portion on . The company only has a 90 day warranty , so given that this has broken after that timeframe , it will cost me $ 25 + shipping to have them look at it . Almost the cost of a new one to send back their defective product . I have read numerous reviews indicating the same problem and ca n't believe nothing has been done to correct this issue . I already had a working unit similar to this but bought the Hello Kitty version because my daughter loves Hello Kitty . Apparently I should just attach stickers to my other one . I have other boom boxes that have lasted 10 + years . Less than 6 months should n't be acceptable .
 We bought this for our six year old for Christmas . It 's a very cute player , however right out of the box , the CD player did n't work . The radio did work and so did the tape player , but we bought it mainly for the CD player.In reading the reviews , our experience seems typical . I think we will buy a different CD player to replace this piece of junk . -LRB- One that I have read the reviews on -RRB- . FYI
 I researched CD players for a couple months before deciding to buy the Hello Kitty Boom Box , due to the great reviews it received . Within 4 months the CD player stopped working . Nows its a expensive pretty pink AM/FM radio . We bought it for my granddaughter who lives in another state , so she could hear our voice , reading and singing to her recorded on CD 's . The AM/FM radio were added options we did n't need . So at this point its worthless to us .
 The colors and Hello Kitty decal cause me to give this 2 stars ... otherwise , I would give it none . The controls and technology seem very out dated -LRB- who needs a casette player today ? , , , , and that is the easiest of the functions to use -RRB- The most used controls are difficult to get to
 I bought this for my granddaughter for Christmas . We plugged it in and it never turned on ! Apparently there is no quality control/testing of products before offering to consumers .
 My daughter really loved getting this item for Christmas . Unfortunately , the CD player is not reliable . It freezes -LRB- sometimes for several hours -RRB- , unfreezes unexpectedly -LRB- especially great in the middle of the night -RRB- , skips repeatedly , or just plain refuses to start at all . The only thing that works well is the radio . We already have a radio , so the purchase was a big waste of money . Terribly disappointing . I strongly recommend that potential buyers look elsewhere .
 My daughter got this for Christmas and it stopped working three weeks later ! For the price , I expected it to work more than 3 weeks . Plus I have a very disappointed 6 year old who does n't have a CD player anymore .
 Have owned this printer for 1 year . Have had to return it to HP once for replacement . I can almost NEVER print an entire document without having to hand load the paper . After only days of owning this printer it began advancing as many pages as it wants . Now has begun giving a `` carriage jam '' error and this is uncorrectable for me . The only way I have found to fix it is to power the thing off , pray and then try to power it back on.I had a HP Laserjet 4L that I used without any problems for almost 6 years so I was pretty confident with this purchase . As soon as I select another printer this one is going right in the trash where it belongs !
 I did a lot of research before buying this all-in-one . My previous HP printer is still doing a great job , I figured a new HP was the way to go . That is not the case with this model.The key pad that manages the fax broke down after one year of very little use . The keys one and eight are useless , therefore , you can not dial those numbers if you want to send a fax . Worthless ! I tried to get HP to help me service this , and they said I needed to replace the keypad for $ 198 . Why should I put more money toward a bad machine?Then there is the issue with simple printing . Whenever IT feels like it , I get a `` Carrage Jam '' and there is nothing to correct it , except to keep trying to print until it wants to work for you . This problem started appearing early on in its short life ... and since I do n't believe in warranties I 'm stuck with a REALLY BAD machine.Great concept HP , but it does n't work .
 i looked , &#34; searched &#34; for vga splitter . i saw about twenty or thirty inverted splitters ... and then this , the pins on the right side the holes on the right side , reasonable price ... nothing on the next few pages . I 'll get it . i wait , it shows up in good time . Yay it 's here yay ! ummmm what the flip ?! 9 pins 9 pins . ! who moderates these filters ? such a set-up . sorry Ziotek , i 've got to scream trap again . TRAP !!! the vga to hdmi i ordered from a different vendor fit but it did n't work ... what does a db9 serial run ? an old style pre usb monitor or printer . what demographic was using those ? is it like a military version or civilian . vatican monitors or paramilitary monitors , what fect do you think would be more inclined to sucker punch cruellty as humor as such ?
 I bought this re-conditioned ink cartridge because it was cheaper than buying a new one from Dell . Big mistake ! I was very pleased at how fast I received it from the seller but after only two uses , the cartridge stopped working . Never again . From now on I stick to buying new cartridges .
 God the people who write these reviews leave out the most important information . I waited a week and spend over 200 and the thing is not even a wireless printer like it claims . * They do NOT include the wireless card you need . * This printer does NOT have bluetooth capability at all . * They do NOT even include a battery ! * That means this is NOT a wireless printer!Don ' t make the mistake I made . Make sure you search for and buy the `` HP Deskjet 460wf '' which comes with the wireless card and battery -LRB- duh ? -RRB- ... or the `` HP Deskject 460wbt '' if you want bluetooth and wireless both.Now have to put the thing back in the box , drive to FedEx , ship it back , and wait another week for a different printer . This is turning into a 3 week process . UGH .
 Well , I 'm extremely disappointed , I received the product and returned it , Im still waiting for refund , I will never purchase a used item again , my printer did not work and it did n't have everything needed to see if the printer actually worked , I received no power cord with printer no kind of paper work no instructions of loading device . I 'm very sorry however , I 'm out of the money I paid for merchandise , and I sent it back and still waiting for refund and have not heard from seller .
 I was in Afghanistan and needed a printer.Something portable and simple . Well , it is portable . I guess it would be simple if it worked with Vista . The ad I read said it was Vista compatible . Wrong ! Now it 's a paperweight .
 I read the reviews on this product as to the difficulty of wireless setup . It is not a simple procedure and I have yet to get mine working -LRB- I have not spent enough time with it I suppose -RRB- . USB wired , it works great ! If you are purchasing for the convienience of wireless use , expect to spend a lengthy amount of time with setup .
 I had high hopes for this attractive and portable printer , especially given HP 's good reputation . But I was intensely disappointed when , after installing it on both a Dell and an Imac , with one single successful `` test page '' printout , it refused to work on either . Everytime I hit `` print '' , the printer went wild
 I purchased a used printer touted as being in very good condition along with remanufactured tonor cartridges . The printer indicator lights advised that one of the cartridges was not inserted correctly . I changed the cartridge three times without being able to print . The company which sold the printer did , in all fairness , offer to examine the printer if I would return it . I hate packing things up to return them and did not do so . The printer may a great model ... I do n't know as mine does n't print .
 Used HP Deskjet 460c mobile printer was received with no drivers installed -LRB- maybe it is supposed to be that way ? -RRB- ; no quick start instructions or instructions of any kind ; and no ink cartridges . A painful trip Best Buy resolved the driver issue and the missing ink cartridges problem , but the printer refused to recognize the black ink cartridge . The printer is going back as soon as I can figure out how to make that happen . I will only buy `` new '' in the future .
 Confusing light display -LRB- looking in the manual -RRB- told me there was a paper jam after printing three pages . There is no jam . There is nothing stuck in the printer . Sending it back now . I do not have time to troubleshoot a new printer that fails to work properly after three pages . -LRB- Maybe you wo n't have time either ! -RRB- I am very tech savvy and have checked the manual . The device simply is defective.I also noted that the top lid that folds down for packing to travel seems very flimsy . It 's hard to imagine it would not break in time , and since it 's the paper feeder , you 'd be out of luck . I 'd recommend something else .
 In a little over 1 year time the sound went out on this 37 inch lcd tv ... called customer service and after 3 resets per their instructions gave up ... poor performance from this tv ... asked a lcd repair person and they advised a 600-700 dollars repair estimate ...
 As soon as the Limited Warranty ran out the TV Sound went out . No Authorized Protron Service Center Location in our geographic territory that would cover this Protron PLTV-32CM Television . Just went out an got a new Sharp TV . Should not had to replace this one , did not last a Year.Yes , I a little upset .
 I purchased this to back-up the hard drive on my Apple PowerBook G4 . While the Toshiba is compact and quiet , it required both the regular USB cable AND the USB to DC auxiliary power cable to function properly . This in spite of the fact that it is advertised as working with USB 2.0 ports , such as the ones on my Mac , and only requiring the auxiliary power if you have USB 1.1 ports -LRB- which I do n't have -RRB- . Since my laptop only has two USB ports I ca n't tie them both up to run this . Strike 1 . The next problem is with the NTI Shadow software which you are supposed to be able to set up to automatically back-up everything on your computer and to update your back-up as you work -LRB- that 's the Shadow part -RRB- . Unfortunately I could never get the NTI software to talk to the external hard drive . I kept getting error messages about missing folders . Strike 2 . The final issue was the absolute and complete lack of any response whatsoever from either Toshiba or NTI to my technical support queries over a period of 10 days . That 's no way to run a business . Strike 3 .
 I have read some great reviews about this drive . It is also rugged and durable , so it seemed like an easy decision for me . I too , had the problem where it would not work as a bus-powered drive , unless I used both USB ports . It was a shame . I swapped it out for a SmartDisk FireLite drive and could n't be happier ...
 Hardware functional but gets hot . Make sure there is enough air flow . Drivers work , same revision as what can be downloaded from the manufacturer 's website . Updated drivers for this card included with DVB-T card . Windows update updates 2 out of 4 drivers . However , media center application does not recognize the card . Supplied software crashes a lot , does not seem to include mpeg decode filter , can only scan for channels once after first install . Other software that claims to work with this card does not always do so .
 I put the film on OK but the sticky glue from the paper tab was left on the front of the screen protector . I tried both of them and threw them away .
 The only value of this product is its assumed ability to protect the screen from damage . Has no glare reduction characteristics whatever . It is not what I wanted or from the name believed I was buying . Junk . Not fit for purpose .
 Pros
 I have owned two of these fans and the first worked fine without too much noise for over a year . I ordered a second one and it is so loud that I am going to have to replace it . I looked into Cooler Master 's warranty and I would have to pay shipping to get it there which would be about the cost of a new fan from Amazon . I 'd rather not take the chance with another one so I 'm going to purchase something else .
 INITIAL REVIEW
 This fan is louder than my entire system . It was so loud I had to disconnect it . Now it 's just sitting in my case collecting dust . I would n't recommend this fan if you want to be in the same room as your computer .
 This is just an ordinary fan without much consideration for the amount of noise that it is producing . If you sit at your computer for long periods of time , and like quiet , then this is not the fan .
 These case fans seem to move a lot of air , but they are not very quiet . Noise level was my primary consideration when choosing this product -LRB- which claims silent operation -RRB- , so I am quite disappointed . I 'll probably keep them despite the annoyance . For the price , I 'm not sure that I could find anything better , and it 's too much of a hassle to change them out again ...
 I got this fan to replace one that had been going for 5 + years . In less than 3 months , this fan started making exactly the same sound as the one it replaced . It still works -LRB- I know this because I can hear it , and that 's the reason it has 2 stars instead of 1 -RRB- but it has developed a rhythmic staccato thrumming , as though it might be unbalanced , maybe , but there 's no buildup on the fan , nothing to clean . These fans are so simple there 's no hope of adjusting anything . I guess I get what I pay for . Very disappointed .
 Pushes air decently and works well horizontally . However the amount of noise it creates -LRB- even when my system is idling -RRB- is way above that of the other 5 fans in my case .
 Pros
 Great fan but no screws to mount it to the case . Well i was going to mount it to a video card but thats a bit hard with a screw to attach it .
 I connect my digital camcorder to my computer via USB . I then import all of my footage into an external hard drive through this adapter . IT WILL NOT IMPORT VIDEO LONGER THAN 10 MINUTES ! When I import it in every other possible way not including this adapter -LRB- firewire 800 , 400 , and usb on the external HD , or into the internal -RRB- it works perfectly .
 I purchased this to use the eSata interface on my external drives from Seagate . When I started to notice some issues with my MacBook Pro with respect to accessing the drive and file permissions , there was a small note at the bottom of the Sonnet web site stating that there were driver issues with OS X and that the next release should remedy them.A couple months later , the site was updated to state that there is a known incompatibility with a certain Oxford Semiconductor chipset used by Seagate and Western Digital . It is odd that this card has issues with the # 1 and # 2 makers of drives.I am not saying it 's Sonnet 's fault , but you will be SOL if you 're using those FreeAgent Pro or MyBook drives .
 I originally bought this with the Sonnet Fusion 500P 5BAY Sata Enclosure back in July 2007 . Doing file copies between a single drive and a two-disk raid 0 in the Fusion 500P bay would result in consistent finder hangs , requiring hard reboot . I also managed to hang finder copies using transfers between two disks . This was with a 2007 Macbook Pro 2.4 GHz running Tiger . The espress34 card seemed to work ok with a two disk enclosure -LRB- Firmtek SeriTek/1EN2 and SeriTek/2EN2 -RRB- . I returned the Fusion 500P and used the espress34 card with my dual bay enclosures.The last few months I have been using the card with the Firmtek SeriTek/5PM . This seemed to be ok unless I was doing parallel finder copies , in which case it would hang again . Then I obtained a new Samsung 1T drive -LRB- the disk enclosure contains WD 1T drives , Samsung 500/250 drives and Seagate 750G drives -RRB- . Doing a disk copy between any drive and the new Samsung would result in the usual finder hang , requiring a hard reboot . Doing copies between data on the five bay enclosure and a two bay enclosure containing the Samsung disk worked perfectly . Again , this was with the Macbook Pro running Tiger . So , I decided to upgrade to Leopard 10.5.2 ; same problem , hang , when copying between drives on the five bay enclosure . The driver is the `` latest '' one from the Sonnet website -LRB- dated 3/6/2007 , v1 .1.9 -RRB- . Hence , this card is not reliable when using port multiplier enclosures.I would not recommended this card for use in port multipler enclosures .
 I purchased this device to use with my Macbook Pro computer with the latest Leopard updates , and the latest driver updates for this product.The device did NOT function at all with either of my brand new `` G-Tech Drive G '' hard drives . These hard drives are the highest rated and finest the market has to offer , and the fact they do not function is ridiculous.What 's worse is every time I plugged in either of my hard drives it forced the computer into a kernal panic -LRB- a message came up that said you MUST restart your computer -RRB- . So my advice to perspective buyers is to steer clear until they get the bugs worked out .
 I used to think that all betteries were pretty much the same , that is until I tried some of these Tech B batteries . I have this cheap mp3 player that uses a single AA battery and will run for a whopping 2 hours on one of these batteries . When I popped in an Rayovac , it lasted for 6 hours . I guess you get what you pay for .
 After reading the reviews I bought a few boxes of the Tech AA batteries . They are quite frankly a big disappointment . Never have I seen batteries run out of juice so quickly . And , never have I seen so many defective batteries . There is nothing like opening a new four pack you brought for a special day and have the first two die a fast death in the camera and then seeing that one of the two left over is defective .
 purchased these for a photographer , and thought they were a great deal for the quantity . well the quality was lacking . She burned through most of them in one 6 hour wedding . probably fine for most household products , but not recommended for photography equipment/flashes .
 I was hoping for a great deal on these batteries , but like other reviewers I 've found that they run out of juice incredibly fast . I 'm amazed that other reviewers have had such good luck because things like my wireless keyboard which uses two AA 's ran out of juice in a couple days of normal use while my automatic sprinkler time that uses two AA 's lasted only a week.Be warned that these are n't quite the bargain they may initially seem .
 My husband and I bought the waterproof case for our honeymoon and it worked great at the time . Two months later we went to the beach and the latch cracked when we closed the case . After calling numerous Canon numbers , we discovered that the plastic latch that holds the case closed -LRB- and any part of the case for that matter -RRB- is un-repairable and the camera case completely unusable . We are very disappointed we spent the money to use the camera case on two occasions .
 I am extremely dissapointed with the Extend Micro Thumbdrive 32 MB . It consistently locked up my Powerbook G4 running Mac OS 10.2 - NOTHING has ever locked up this operating system until this little device . Technical support at ExtendMicro is lousy . DO NOT buy this product !
 I had read some bad reviews here on Amazon.com and CNet but I thought `` hey , its Canon , they sell a ton of them , it must just be whiners '' . I was wrong . The picture quality of the Elura is awful . It is a nice size , great ergonomics , but lousy picture - very grainy and virtually no color fidelity.I returned it immediately .
 I got two years old Canon Elura 2 . It 's basically same as Elura 40 . I love this camcorder , very handy . Its low-light performance is not good but tolerable . The real problem is eating tape and losing data . It 's not only for Elura but also for Zr10 and others . I believe all the Canon camcorders have the defect . You never know when it will start or not but I saw many posts about this problem . I 'm not going to buy Canon camcorder anymore .
 I 've had this camera for a month . I selected it for two reasons - the 28mm lens thread is the same as my Nikon CoolPix , so I can share lenses . This works great ! 2 -RRB- the compact size - I mount it on the same rig as my still camera for dual shoots.Good points :1 -RRB- Compact , light2 -RRB- Variable zoom works nice3 -RRB- Cool looking4 -RRB- Uses any 28mm threaded lens , like the CoolPix 9955 -RRB- Can capture video directly to the MMC card.Negatives :1 -RRB- Battery life . 55 minutes with the viewfinder , 30 with the LCD screen .2 -RRB- LCD screen not as maneuverable as others .3 -RRB- Itty bitty buttons . I have to use my nails or a pen . My finger tips are too big .4 -RRB- No accessory shoe to mount light or micReally bad negatives :1 -RRB- Video noise . I was in medium light - not low light . A room with three skylights and four windows , but no lights . Grain , grainy and more grain . Looks like I 'm shooting through a dirty window ! 2 -RRB- Records tape motor as a constant high-pitch background wine . This makes the audio unusable unless you recorded in a loud environment - loud enough to overwhelm the whine . Nature shots , quiet scenes , etc. - unless you like a sound like an overloaded hearing aid in your audio , you 'll want an external mic . Since there 's no place to mount it , you 'll need the Canon mounting bracket , a separate mic stand , or construct something yourself .3 -RRB- Multi Media video card . The manual states it works with any MMC card . The camera comes with an 8mb card - the capacity was too small . I purchased a 128meg card . It will not work . There is NO help in the manual or site concerning MMC card capacity . I can only assume that higher capacity cards wo n't work . Why did I want this capacity ? Because you can capture video directly to the MMC card . Pop it in a card reader and you have web quality instantly.Am I happy with it ? Well , it was considerably lower in cost than the comparable Sony and I can use my 5 Nikon Lenses with it . It 's small and compact . If I had to buy it again , I would probably go for the Sony if there was a $ 100 price difference.I have a custom camera bracket , so I can mount a light and mic . But adding these items totally defeats the advantage of having an ultra-compact video camera - now it 's bigger than an old VHS camera ! Here 's this little , ultra-modern video camera with two arms , one with a mic the other with a light.I can live with the low light problem . But the audio quality is totally unacceptable!Followup
 A lot of these cameras get errors that canon ca n't fix , period . I 've used mine only a few times . check the web under `` remove tape errora '' Do n't be a sucker .
 I have accused Canon of holding a policy of planned obsolescence & I repeat it here . After just a few years of owning , taking immpecable care , & minimal amount of recording on this thing , this once-already repaired camera has died . The required part alone is almost half the price of the original price.I always thought Canon was the Rolls-Royce of consumer camera & now I 'm convinced its the Edsel.Canon , you are disgraceful .
 I bought this camera over a year ago . It has not had that much use , nor has it been handled roughly . The size is very handy , but the battery life is dismal , 30 minutes if I 'm lucky . Video quality is acceptable , but I 've seen better on my old analog camcorder . Audio leaves a lot ot be improved . Its very susceptible to wind interference.A few months ago it started intermittently stopping in the middle of recording and jamming tapes . Using a head cleaner did little to correct the problem , which got worse . Finally it just started eating every tape I put in it , so its not the tape 's fault.I 'm very dissatisfied that a camcorder that costs this much has such little longevity before needing repair .
 After owning the Elura MC 40 for 10 months and taping not even 6 hours the infamous ` Remove the cassette ' error started to apear and the data on the tape was garbled and completely unuseable.After doing some research on the internet I found out , that many cameras of canon have this problem.Unfortunatly the local Canon Customer Service refused to even look at the camera as it was purchased in the U.S. - `` You do n't expect us to order the spare parts for you ? '' was all they told me.I really regret spending a lot of money for a camera that can now only be used for taking low quality pics .
 As a lifelong Canon user starting as far back as 30 years ago with my AV-1 , I can not believe the cr * p this company is capable of producing . After a little more than three years and only 6 tapes worth of footage , I have vowed NEVER to buy another Canon optical product again . My Elura 40MC was purchased in Singapore but has been in for repairs more than half a dozen times in three different countries ! It is now at a repair shop in Bangkok and the quote I just got from them is that it will cost me another $ 375 to get this into working condition . Unit has never been dropped , no scratches , still looks brand new . But every time I replace one part , two months later another problem emerges . I have now spent more than double the cost of the unit on repairs . This was sent in three times for the `` Remove cassette '' problem and the first two times Canon service could not fix the issue , the third time I had the entire drive mechanism replaced at my own expense . The only reason I kept spending the money to have this lemon repaired was because I LOVED my Canon and refused to believe that the company could build such a faulty product . Sorry Canon , but you have lost all future sales from me and I am determined to tell EVERYONE I can about my story . I will continue to use all my other Canon products but when these kick the bucket , I plan to replace them with competing brands . I 've already begun the switchover -- two years ago when I needed to replace my compact digicam , I looked at Casio , Kodak , Panasonic , Minolta and Pentax -- but not a single Canon ... Ken in Bangkok
 The `` remove tape '' issue and damage to tapes started in less then two years . We spent $ 1000 for this camera for two years , you can buy two camera 's for that cost now with the same features . I wish we would have read the reviews before buying . It was a nice camera when it was new thats why it gets 1-star from me and not 0-stars .
 I 'm a little late in the game here -- after taping for about a year - going back and looking at the video now , I am crushed - missed my son 's birth , baptism , husband 's 40th birthday , and the list goes on and on . The tapes are all scrambled -- the camera store told me that the heads were dirty - NOT . I am continuously having this problem - missing event after event . I had to break out my old Sony Recorder -LRB- bought in 1986 -RRB- to make sure I did n't missed Christmas morning with my children . I will NEVER by anything CANON again . They do not stand behind their product -- by the way -- this happened 1 month after the warranty expired !
 The zooming feature on this camera I purchased went haywire . The camera would constantly zoom in on everything unless I held the W down , causing great annoyance . Other malfunctions such as on the LCD , the `` no memory card inserted '' symbol would light up even after its proper insertion and formatting .
 This is the first dv camcorder I 've bought . Its size appealed to me , and it seemed to get great reviews online . At first I liked it , only being a bit dissapointed in the grain you get in anything except for very bright outdoor scenes . A few months later I had to send it in for repair because it started recording a few pixels as constant red . This was very distracting and pretty much ruined any picture . I was told the repairs would take 2 weeks . They took a month and a week , but at least I got it back fixed . It worked fine for another year , when suddenly it became a very expencive doorstop . It started when I put in a tape and got a `` Remove this Cassette '' error . A few more tries left me with a camcorder that wo n't even close anymore . It just beeps and spits out any tape I put in it . I ca n't even close it without a tape in it . I searched for this online and found hundreds of people complaining about the same problem . It seems like this camera only has about a 1 year lifespan . Other canon cameras seem to suffer from the same problem . I 'm really upset about having spent so much money on something that did n't last a reasonable amount of time . Do your research before you buy this .
 I 'm a little late in the game here -- after taping for about a year - going back and looking at the video now , I am crushed - missed my son 's birth , baptism , husband 's 40th birthday , and the list goes on and on . The tapes are all scrambled -- the camera store told me that the heads were dirty - NOT . I am continuously having this problem - missing event after event . I had to break out my old Sony Recorder -LRB- bought in 1986 -RRB- to make sure I did n't missed Christmas morning with my children . I will NEVER by anything CANON again . They do not stand behind their product -- by the way -- this happened 1 month after the warranty expired !
 when i first saw how grainy low light videos became i thoughti was doing something wrong . i then exchanged this fora sony DCR-TRV840 and the difference is night and day.i say save yourself some trouble and buy a sony .
 I bought my Elura 40MC 1.5 years ago . For the first year it worked fine . However , after the warranty ran out I began to have the notorious `` tape eating problem '' that everyone is talking about . I would steer clear of this product since Canon is reluctant to do anything about it .
 this one is like the zr 45mc . it has the high pitch motor noise being recorded and it is really irritating . recording will also appear grainy on low light or even indoor . use it only outdoor . buy sony to save you from trouble .
 My dad recorded tons of videos from 2002 - 2008 . High school concerts , events , etc. . The audio is nonexistent on much of the video when I play it back . There are a few fragmented words and sentences , but for the most part , nothing.Really disheartening when I was looking forward to watching my high school concerts again . Watching a choir concert without sound is very boring.Any idea how I could get the audio off of it ?
 Bought one new . Does n't work in any of the following cameras : Olympus C4040 , C3020 , C4000 , E20 . Got `` media error '' when tryingto format . Ca n't access it from a PC using a PCMCIA adaptor.Can format and read/write fine using a Memorex USB reader.Filed a warranty claim with Kingston and got a replacement.Still ca n't work in E20 but can work in a C4040 . Will sell iton eBay soon .
 NOT HAPPY ... Each can contains 150ML or about 5.072 US fluid ounces . Following the instructions I applied numerous light coats . I had hoped for a smooth finish , but the results were a speckles finish . I have done just a few CD 's and the first can is almost empty . The price of $ 7.99 plus $ 5.49 shipping might be worth it if these were 12 or 16 ounces , but this is a very small can . WOULD NOT BUY AGAIN8-25-2012 UPDATE - Too much hassle to use this spray . I have gone on to using Glossy printable CD 's , wow do these look great . The little extra cost is well worth a finished CD that looks like it came from a Music Store .
 After a short time of using it , it stopped charging . If the camera was on the cradle , after about 5 minutes the LEDs would start flashing red . I left it plugged in directly to the camera with this battery in it overnight , did not take a charge .
 The noise level is a `` deal killer '' unless you use this in an environment in which an annoying , continuous hum is not an issue . But I have mine in my home office which is shared with my dining room . I have a small house and I can hear this thing buzzing away from anywhere in the house . Foolishly , I did not study the specs before buying this unit or I would have seen the noise rating of 45db @ 1 meter . If you want a quiet environment , move on ...
 I am going to return this UPS , for the following reasons :1 -RRB- Almost every night I have owned this UPS -LRB- I have owned it 5 days now -RRB- , it has gone to battery backup mode at 1 AM for a few seconds . No power outages ever triggered these events , and there were no voltage drops either -LRB- I was just on the computer each time it happened , I was n't doing anything like ironing or vacuuming or anything else that might draw a lot of power -RRB- . The UPS has just decided to go to battery mode around 1 AM many nights for some reason . The PowerChute software has registered a few of these events as `` blackouts '' -LRB- see below for why the software did n't register all of the events , only some of them -RRB- , even though no blackouts occurred . This is NOT the self-test feature , which I 've read should only happen once every few weeks . This is a problem . Someone else on the APC forums said he experienced the same problem with another APC UPS .2 -RRB- The PowerChute Personal Edition software is poor , because it does not keep a log of events . It only keeps a running total of blackouts , overvoltage conditions , undervoltage conditions , and electrical noise conditions . It does tell you the date/time of the last event that occurred , but that is n't anywhere near as useful as having a log where you can go back and see what events happened and when . If you were to have 2 power outages during the day when you are away at work , when you come home and take a look at the software , you would only know about the last one , you would n't know about the first one . In addition , the PowerChute software says the following
 I went to the APC forum and found way to many similar posts about the loud fan and the overload light and shutting down which almost damaged my W7 x64 install ! It 's less then 2 years old . Their own web site would not pull up the model number and I just hate their website . There is little tech support to speak of and like the Samsung website I get the `` model not found '' Arghhhh ... . Disgusting ... then you have to create ANOTHER account even though you have one for their web site in order to participate another Arrrggghhhh ... . yet I learned enough to know I will NOT buy another of their products again . I bought mine at B *** B ** about 18 months ago . My Belkin lasted about 5 years before the battery and electronics gave out.This one well he ... he ... not even close . AND Now I `` m just learning about the so called Parachute application only after reading the posts at the APC forum and they had a multitude of work arounds for W7 and Vista ... . nice job folks ... it looks like this unit has a known design flaw yet they kept it on the market and their solution is to recommend buying their latest and greatest NEW model yeah great business plan folks ... . Folks do your self a favor spend a LOT of time reading ratings on different units ... I will most likely go back to Belkin . There was nothing wrong with the unit but age and wear . This unit had the loud fan noise and then the overload kept coming on . This was a try it and see purchase and well now I know so the next one will be to go back with what works . The APC web site is geared for large businesses and the home user has little resources available . Oh well live and learn huh ...
 Had this almost 2 years before major issues . Running iMac & router , modem & XHD total of approx . 356 Watts max , so capacity should be fine . 1st week I tested by pulling the plug & it ran my Mac for 15 minutes & still had 55 % battery life remaining!After 1 year or so I began seeing it go to battery back up for a few seconds with no power outage or brown out . Sometimes it would leave a message on screen stating on battery , etc. . Sometimes not . Usually I was not at my computer when this happened but several times I was & heard a click & it was on battery & 5-20 seconds later another click & back on A/C current . I checked with APC & did have the correct sensitivity set so , I ignored this problem.At almost 2 years of use I got beeping & bad battery light & it stopped allowing my Mac to sleep . Called APC & after testing -LRB- It dropped the load -RRB- I was told bad battery . They sent new battery & I installed & charged 30 hours & bad battery light no longer flashes but it still dropped load when tested & does not allow Mac to sleep -LRB- unless I disconnect the USB cord -RRB- . They sent a refurbished BX900R . I plugged the replacement in with no load to charge it & it failed immediately with an overload continuous tone -- even when pulled the plug . I had to disconnect the battery to shut it up.Tech support is very polite & tries to be helpful . They are now sending me a new BX900R which they claim they do have despite this model being discontinued.APC generally has a very good reputation but , I will look at Cyberpower for the next purchase . I 'm concerned there may be a design flaw where the unit often goes into back up battery mode without a reason & this may cause premature wear on the very expensive battery . I also wonder if some of the good reputation is from the much more expensive UPSs sold by APC.I would definitely suggest TESTING your UPS & noting any problems & contacting tech support while under warranty . For example , with the new battery , my original unit shows a normal green light & the Mac software shows 100 % battery . If I pull the plug , it will drop the load in 15 seconds rather than run my system for 15-25 minutes . So to the novice it can APPEAR as if it is functioning properly when it is actually acting as a very heavy , expensive power strip .
 Product
 I 've been very happy with several APC units purchased in the past , but this one -LRB- BX900R -RRB- is Not Acceptable due to a constant , shrill sound from the cooling fan . The fan never goes off , so the room is filled with an annoying sound at all times.It is headed for the trash . -LRB- I have two of the older APC BX1000 units , and both are air-cooled and completely quiet . -RRB-
 I just bought this thing and made 1 data cd and 2 music cd 's . The rom gave me an error on the 3rd cd i made and i had to reboot my computer . Ever since I hooked up the CD-Rw it 's taking windows 98 five times as long to boot . It just sits there with the splash screen for about 5 minutes while the plug and play tries to detect it . The two music CD 's I made do n't even play in my portable CD player but I 'm not sure if it 's the actual CD-r or the burner ... I 'm probably going to take this CD-Rw back and get a hewlett packard for 30 $ more .
 They wont hold a charge after about 6 months . I wouldnt recomend this item . their cheap but they show that they are too !
 Once again I am disgusted with sony ! I DO N'T have windows , but I must if I am going to program this remote . Everything sony does is done just well enough to get it out to sell . If it does n't work the way the consumer needs it to , well stupid you for buying it . As much as this remote would help with the 10 remotes that clutter my end table , I ca n't use it because sony does n't have software for Mac users .
 I find the remote almost totally useless for my modern tv setup , -LRB- even if all the other units are sony . It is supposed to be touch screen , -LRB- it would take a hammer to fufil that designation . I have purchased a Harmony remote which is completely functional for all needs . the sony unit isin the corner gathering dust .
 I almost bought this remote used from 10 twelve until a lack of return policy worried me . I asked seller if cable & software come with answer was no . That renders remote useless unless you can get these from sony note remote no longer sold by sony.Seller lowered price but situation still the same
 We bought this thinking that we could use it to replace the 4 other remotes -LRB- 3 of them Sony -RRB- and use only 1 . We were able to program only the basic -LRB- on/off and channel switching , etc. -RRB- and then needed to go back to the original remotes for everything else . If Sony does n't make it easy to program SONY products , I ca n't imagine what it 's like to try to program equipment from other manufacturers . It is actually easier to just use the original remotes - all 4 of them then to try to read the paled out screen of the universal and then to have to go back to the original remotes anyway to fine tune .
 My wife bought me the Sony commander for Christmas and , almost a month later , I still have n't got this thing figured out yet . I ca n't believe how complicated programming this remote is . The accompanying software is n't user friendly at all . X-press settings -- forget about it !! I owned the earlier version of this same remote which , unfortunately , fizzled out but it was much easier to program manually . I would n't recommend this product to anyone and it 's difficult to believe that this is an actual Sony product .
 Replacing an older RM-AV3000 , I just got the RM-AX4000 . Programming is not very intuitive . Finally got through it though . One of the steps is to press `` learn '' , where one is directed to press -LRB- for example -RRB- , the `` play '' button on a DVD remote . The normal operation is that one presses the button for a few seconds , and then `` learning complete '' appears . Sometimes , however , it takes ten or fifteen seconds , or -LRB- worse -RRB- , one * immediately * receives a message that no signal has been received.After going through this half a dozen times , I called Sony and and spent 4.5 hours on hold . I finally found that if I darkened the room completely , things went better.Tonight , I noticed that if I select -LRB- for example -RRB- channel 2-4-0 , I get channel 2-4-000 , or if I select 2-3-1 , I get 2-33-1 . Just gave up!This thing is going back .
 I have all Sony product except an Onkyo receiver and Hd cable box . I used the op-pc and no luck . Tried manual and only get part of the controls . Logitech Harmony has a better remote however the battery life is so short .
 This board requires a PCI v2 .1 interface.MANY computers have PCI v2 .0 , and WILL NOT WORK WITH THIS CARD!Plus -LRB- always a dangerous sign -RRB- , their website is either down or has been closed .
 This video card is primarily made for the gamer . If this term does not fit you , then DO NOT buy this card . I have had several bad experiences with it . Tech support is HORRIBLE ! , and the refresth is slow . NOT A GOOD CARD . Buy a more reputable company , like ATI , MATROX , or DIAMOND .
 I currently own this modem , and I am looking for something much better . I have had problems with my computer actually seeing the modem , getting the correct drivers for it , and getting it to work . The cord that comes with it is very fragile , and any movement of the cord causes my internet connection to fail . Trust me , anyone can find something better .
 I paid for this and you should n't . The few times I could get online and actually stay there it was nice . Getting online , remaining online , and generally just dealing with this modem were major headaches . It 's fragile -LRB- both modem and cable -RRB- and crankier than an old man with a colostomy bag and hemeroids . Actually that 's the feeling you get when you own this modem . Mine came with my computer and now I 'm using my husbands computer to go online and find a different modem . This one broke ! CAVEAT EMPTOR !
 I was given this mouse as a replacement to my Logitech LX7 Cordless Mouse -LRB- which finally died after 4 amazing years of use -RRB- for use on a desktop.The size is too small . I have small sized hands and my finger tips hang almost a half inch off the front end of the mouse . The weight feels like it 's distributed incorrectly , probably because of the two AA batteries being placed in the back of mouse instead of in the middle -LRB- as my last mouse was like -RRB- . Also , the transmitter is too far away , even tho I 'm only 2-3 feet away from the front usb port I plugged it into.I installed the drivers but it was still zipping all over the place and cutting out , or lagging . I changed the options as low as they can go for speed and it seemed just right , but it still would lag or drop out . I tried enabling the `` smart '' mode but it did n't fix my problem so now , I have problems more often than one should when I try to click on something . it does n't move smoothly at all.Also , the wheel does n't seem to be very responsive half the time . When you roll the wheel up or down , it should move!I honestly feel that this mouse has such horrible performance because of the transmitter . I would n't recommend this to anyone for desktop use and I 'm about ready to just plug in a crappy corded one so I can get a more tolerable form of smooth functionality and performance .
 If your computer is running something like a game or huge excel doc , expect a lot of glitches with this mouse . Otherwise , this seems to work fine when your computer is not doing anything complicated .
 We bought 4 and none worked with XP or Windows 7 machines . Logitech took up 5 hours of our time trying to get them to work instead of replacing them right away !
 This could have been a great mouse.Instead it 's so frustrating to use that I am returning it -LRB- thank you amazon , for your fair and reasonable return policy -RRB- . What I like about the V450 : o nice size and shape , feels good in the hando compact USB receivero major buttons -LRB- left , right -RRB- and scroll wheel are very smooth and pleasant to use.What I hate about this mouse : o movement response time is inconsistent . Sometimes it is very responsive - you move the mouse and the cursor moves appropriately . Other times there is a distinct lag - you move the mouse and nothing happens for the first few inches of travel . I find this very frustrating , and inaccurate.o wheel response time is also inconsistent . This is similar to the above complaint , except sometimes it goes into a state where you can move the wheel 1 click forward and back repeatedly with zero corresponding movement in your application . Another exceeding irritating problem.o middle button requires far too much pressure to activate . If you use this button often you are going to hate this mouse . It takes much more pressure to activate than the other mice around my office do -LRB- 2 Microsoft , a Dell , and a corded Logitech -RRB- . o buggy driver software . I originally installed the included drivers -LRB- and updated them via the internet -RRB- as this is necessary to allow use of the side scrolling buttons . The software is poorly designed so that some features -LRB- button use -RRB- are set in the Logitech Setpoint program , but othermouse attributes -LRB- acceleration , sensitivity -RRB- are set in a different program . I could live with that , but the drivers make the already poor performance even worse.Strangely , I purchased this cordless mouse to replace an aging corded Logitech which I like very much . I merely wanted to unclutter my desk by eliminating the cord.For now I 'm going back to my old Logitech mouse .
 The one I got was defective ; I have to hit the left mouse button multiple times to get it to work , and at an odd angle to get the button to click . It is continuously annoying . I hope other folks have better success with theirs . I wish I could exchange mine , but this probably does not warrant an exchange .
 After buying this mouse a few month ago I was never able to get the features to work using `` set point '' . I contacted Logitech and tryed every solution they suggested but nothing worked . Finally they admitted defeat , but never offered a replacement . I note on forums that there are lots of problems . Yesterday the unit failed completely when the `` laser '' quit . I am going back to anything but Logitech .
 If you have a Linksys wireless router or pretty much any wireless router in your office , this thing is buggy as heck . It feels like a standard mouse with a bunch of lint stuck in the rollers , unresponsive and clunky . Also , the roller does n't work all that well , it 's kind of slow.Maybe this thing would work good if I didnt have a 2.4 GHz wireless LAN , but Ive got a Linksys under my desk , and that is the only explanation I can think of for why this thing has such horrible performance . I cant wait to return it .
 logitech created a so-called ` notebook-mouse ' that doesnt work when you use wireless networking . . whenever you start using a reasonable amount of wlan the mouse starts acting up ... because they decided to use 2.4 ghz as the com frequency ... the same as wlan ... not really rocket scientists?and logitech support ? just says `` thats how it is , nothing you can do ... ''
 I have had nothing but a horrible experience with this little rat . I have the wireless key in the front of my computer , about three feet away.The clicking and scrolling inconsistancies will drive you absolutely crazy . When scrolling I will wait somtimes a couple seconds , which does n'tsound like much , but when one expects instant response it is forever . Also it is a little on the small side but it is comfortable to use when itworks correctly . I am very surprized with this rat as Logitech usually makes very fine products . Very disappointed in this productand will be sending it back
 I really , really wanted to like this mouse . It seemed like the perfect solution to my problem
 Mouse stopped moving the mouse pointer after only 3 days of use . The 2 bottons and the wheel still worked , therefore only the laser and/or its interface died . Since there were other reports of the same symptoms , Logitech must still be using low quality components and have not taken steps to effectively fix the problem . Mouse has been returned to Amazon for a full refund .
 I just got a Logitech V450 Cordless Laser Mouse and it is immediately recognized -LRB- and works -RRB- when I plug in the wireless USB receiver on Macs running 10.4.8 and a PC running Windows 2000 . However , after 4 seconds of non-use , the connection is lost . The connection can only be restored by removing and re-inserting the USB receiver . It works as long as the mouse is in constant movement . As soon as there is a 4 second pause , the connection is lost again . This occurs on all the computers I 've tried regardless of platform and OS . The product info states , `` Uninterrupted cordless performance
 Maybe is as good as other reviewers are suggesting but I bought it from Amazon and never received the wireless micro-receiver . Complains were useless . In addition , I could not find were to buy a separate wireless micro-receiver .
 The Logitech V450 Mouse pointer will stop working and not move at all on my computer . I had to go back to my old mouse.I even try replaceing the batterys but no go .
 I love logitech products . I guess I just was unfortunate that this mouse stopped working for me after 1 week of use . :-LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB- -LRB-
 I bought this for my girlfriends older labtop , but the mouse does not work with it . Returning it to amazon will cost too much so I will have to try to sell it myself .
 This item is of no use it dose n't work . ? I would not recomemnd this to any one .
 I did not see anywhere on the product page about it being for noteboooks , so I will have to return them . Not that the product is bad , but I need them for PC 's .
 It worked the first day , then the laser quit . The wheel and finger pads work , but I ca n't navigate . New batteries , checked drivers , etc. but no reference to this situation . Darn .
 Logitech provides `` junk '' software and bogus support ... I 've been trying to download a connect utility for two days now ... Logitech uses a mirror site , that I would guess has one server , trying to satisfy 350 million unhappy customers , worldwide ... If you do n't believe me , I suggest you save your receipt , so that it can be returned after you unsuccessfully , attempt to get the mouse operating properly.Good luck !
 Logitech V450 Cordless Laser MouseTHIS IS A NOTEBOOK MOUSE - It does n't tell you that anywhere in the product description so unless you want a notebook mouse purchase a different item .
 When it 's slow , I have no way to make it back to normal except reboot . Also , the middle button touch is quite different from wired model .
 I bought this particular Logitech model based on the abundance of positive reviews . The wheel on my older optical Logitech quit working so I thought I would upgrade to this fancier laser model.It loses connection too often . After 2 full days of use and frustration , I switched back to my older mouse and what a relief . It works 100 % of the time . I will replace it with the same model since I know it works so well with my laptop . This may have been just a lemon , but I will not get this particular model again.P.S . This model also does n't fit my hand as well . I have small hands and this model is slightly longer so my fingers feel like they have to stretch to reach , thus getting tired of holding the mouse .
 I purchased three of these and two failed to work properly -- stalling and hesitating in movement , and intermittently failing to scroll at all . I tried them on no less than four computers , with various surfaces . Compared with against a 10 dollar super-cheapo wired laser mouse , they were pretty much worthless . It reminds me of the way the old rubber ball mouse worked when the contacts were gunked up.Now here 's the funny thing . My Logitech V220 wireless laser mouse is perfect . Half the price and so much better . Go figure .
 Maybe I 'm one of the unlucky few who got a lemon , but my V450 Cordless Mouse performs very inconsistently . When the thing works , it 's really good . It 's got a nice size and weight that feels good in an average sized hand . The sensitivity and accuracy of the mouse pointer seem spot on.HOWEVER , the mouse frequently loses contact with the transmitter , which is ridiculous since they 're barely 15 '' apart . I 'm right handed and have the transmitter plugged in to the left side of my keyboard so it 's never in the way . When the connection drops the mouse starts to lag and stutter , the buttons stop working , and the only fix is to unplug and replug the transmitter . This is a problem as the connection issue surfaces a couple times in a work day . I 've tried plugging the transmitter into other USB outlets on the keyboard and iMac but it 's always the same thing .
 I was expecting a simillar quality as the Logitech VX Revolution , but the V450 is far behind.I would recomand to invest the additional 10 USD and get the VX Revolution .
 After five months of home use this mouse has had it . Constantly clicking to get it to work and it eats batteries . It also is for a laptop , not my stand alone computer . So , maybe I 'm not being fair ? Just bought a Logitech M150 from Amazon , and it is everything the rated mouse was not .
 Out of the box it didnt work . The computer could not see the USB which makes the product worthless - sent back for refund .
 Save your money and buy a better Logitech mouse than this . They should be embarrassed at the LOW quality of this mouse . The batteries last less than a month and the range is insulting . It 's very choppy even when the USB reciever is plugged in right next to the mouse -LRB- using a Mac keyboard -RRB- . I look forward to the day when my newer Logitech mouse arrives and I can throw this one away .
 I actually would give this mouse a 4 or 5-star but who reads the good reviews ? People want to know what can go wrong , right ? So this is what can go wrong : The USB transmitters do not like to be paired with another V450 mouse without using the Logitech Connection Utility downloaded with the drivers . If you use the mouse , install the drivers . I bought 3 of these mice used . A new mouse probably will not have the problem , but they 're only new `` before '' you open the package , right?Take the USB transmitter out , insert the batteries -LRB- you have to push on a secret little button on the bottom of the mouse inside the stick slot to open the battery compartment -RRB- and turn on the mouse . The LED on the bottom should light up green and stay on . The LED on the top of the mouse turn on green for `` good '' battery , red for `` low '' battery , and blinking-red for `` call CSI '' . If it turns green it will fade to `` off '' in a few seconds , so enjoy it while it lasts . THis is normal.After plugging the transmitter into your computer 's USB slot it should connect -LRB- `` boo-beep '' sound on a PC . -RRB- . Hover on the Logitech Icon on the right task bar to check the mouse 's battery . If there is no `` battery is good '' popup then the mouse is NOT connected . If you run the Logitech Setpoint driver utility there should be a tab called `` My Mouse '' when run . If not , then the mouse is not connected . `` Half-connected '' the mouse will give a `` good battery indication '' -LRB- see above -RRB- but if the cursor does not move you have to use the Connection Utility that came with the drivers to reset the mouse.Oh , the pain I went through trying to get 3 used V450 's working ! But once connected ... I love them . Except he dead one . CSI Logitech , come get this one .
 I bought this in error as it 's for a Notebook computer and ours is a PC . Can we return it ?? Please respond.Leslie Knowles
 So I get this UPS package from Amazon , snatch it from the guy with almost unbridled anticipation , shaking it so very slightly to estimate what I thought was inside . Of course , I expected my mouse to be inside and consequently treated the package as gently as possible.We said our goodbyes and I hastily ran to the kitchen with my precious package under my arm , searching and finding the scissors , letting the air penetrate its confines , lifting the flaps and seeing the wrapping.I was a little surprised . I could n't feel or see any movement , there were no sounds , there was n't a single sensory signal coming out from under the wrapping.I suddenly felt a wave of dread come over me . Was my precious cargo dead ? Was it used and abused during its trip ? My worst fears piled up , one after another.My practical nature butted in and started regreting the purchase and acquisition of all the accomodations , the staples , doctor appointments , flu shots , I mean , all that cash thrown to the wind.But never mind that . How about all the experiments I had planned for the Genetic Studies Department , and the anticipation of my fellow scientists when we present them with the evidence of other form of life , of how the DNA AND RNA are missing from the mouse 's cells , but yet under harsh circumstances and when individually cultured , they reproduce -- the presentation is due tomorrow . I 'm doomed . I 'll never buy from Amazon again.PS How they could make such an obvious mistake is beyond me .
 I was attracted to this mouse because it is a `` laser '' mouse and it 's cordless . Laser mice are renowned for their accuracy & precision . These are important features if you play `` shooter '' style games.Outside of games , this mouse is usually accurate and sensitive . It has occasional movement quirks but that wo n't destroy your work . However , once you use it in a FPS or `` shooting '' style of game , that 's when all hell breaks lose ... for you and your team.In game , I move it quickly and it moves so fast , instant disorientation occurs . So when I need precision aiming of a sniper rifle , I move it slowly , since it 's sensitive , and the pointer occasionally -LRB- randomly -RRB- DOES N'T MOVE . These quirks happen randomly yet too frequently during gameplay and I 've adjusted the Mouse Sensitivity settings in game to no avail . So first it moves the pointer too quickly , then it does n't move the pointer at all . I am really ticked off with this mouse . Even when I use it for work when I travel , if I 'm in a hurry and it jumps the pointer across the screen , a few choice 4 letter words may echo in my motel room.I guess I 'll have to shell out the $ 50 + bucks for a quality cordless gaming mouse if I want that type of precision in game.Signed , Frustrated
 So I like the ergonomics of this mouse overall . Light click-touch , fits well in your hand , the wheel moves smoothly , lots of pluses.But who at Logitech got the brainy idea of designing a mouse with two double AA batteries ? After you use this thing for a while it 's like lifting a small brick.Bad design idea . It 's going back : - -LRB-
 Maybe I have a defective example , but this mouse is NOT accurate . There is a frequent delay or hesitation when moving or clicking . I often have to click a second time because the first was not transmitted . Also , one of the stated benefits of a laser device is the ability to tolerate difficult surfaces . I often use this mouse on a level couch cushion and the pickup is spotty and intermittent . The same surface was perfectly fine for my older-style optical mouse.I will try returning this for another unit but I 'm not holding out hope . It really seems like a half-baked product . -LRB- Lots of these available on ebaY as refurbs ... hmmmm . I may be adding another one to the pile . -RRB-
 I still have an older Phillips unit that I use in my garage and it has great sound and is easy to use . This unit will only operate with the remote control , which I do n't like , and I do n't think it has the sound quality of sound either . I am disappointed in this model .
 The description says `` Built in iPod docking to easily connect and charge you iPod or Philips Go Gear MP3 player , '' but do n't fall for it . This unit does n't work with the Philips GoGear Vibe . They do n't dock together and there is no USB connection on the AZ1330D . On the Philips website , there is an FAQ for this boombox that implies there is a USB port -- but there 's not . The description also claims there are eight adapters to work with different iPods , but there are only four included adapters . This is the first time I 've ever known a description on Amazon to be misleading , but this one is patently false .
 I bought this and it plays none of the CDs which I own . I tried about 10 whether commercial , home-made or demos . The CD player on this thing fails to recognise any CD at all . The sound is a bit weedy and the bass is not that impressive .
 I agree with the first reviewer about the functionality , but the unit is acoustically awful . It sounds ok for fm , but when you play cd 's or mp3 's the tinny bass deficient and distorted sound are unbearable . I can not recommend it even though I had high hopes .
 The Philips AZ1330D is NOT compatible with the iPod Touch 2G - it displays an error message on the iPod to tell you that it will not charge from this boombox . \ And the sound quality of this device -LRB- with or without the bass boost -RRB- will not please any audiophile -LRB- though one should n't expect much for the price -RRB- . On the positive side , the radio -LRB- AM and FM -RRB- seems to work OK , and the design is attractive . But the lack of iTouch 2G compatibility was a great disappointment , as it was the primary reason I bought this .
 I have an Alpen 80mm scope that I use to survey shorebirds , ducks , and other wildlife . I love this scope as it is located at the perfect intersection of cost versus quality.However , these binoculars , which I bought my wife to use on endangered songbird surveys over the breeding season , are far from meeting the level of ocular quality I had come to expect . The binoculars themselves are put together nicely and hold up in the field but the complete distortion of colors and brightness are HORRIBLE . I was unaware of the problem for a while because I immediately handed them over to my wife for the project -LRB- and she did n't want to complain about a gift -RRB- . Anyway , I would compare these binoculars that do yield a decently crisp image and sturdy built , to looking through a decent pair of binoculars while wearing a cheap pair of sunglasses . Even looking into a clear , bright , blue sky presents clearly distorted images . This is not a problem realized only at those challenging poorly lit habitats or times of day but clearly a flaw in the optical structure.Again ... the scope is real niceAlpen 20-60x80 w/45 degree EP , waterproof Spotting Scope , the binoculars not so much .
 I ordered 2 of these items and none of them works . Only one side works in both of them and I am really frustrated .
 This was not what I thought it was supposed to do . I was disappointed with it . Since it did n't cost a lot , I did n't bother to send it back .
 I have not received the item in spite of contacting the seller . I 'm sure the part would work well if I actually received it , but I have n't seen it yet .
 I do n't know if the one I got was just bad , or if this item is a rip off completely , but it did not work .
 I thought I was buying original ipod headphones by apple , but I did n't examine the details thoroughly enough . Even if they 're not by Apple , they 're surprisingly bad for its price . I think the $ 2.50 ones would be of similar quality to these that are $ 12.95 . Once you plug the headphones into your ipod you have to tamper with the connection -LRB- the end that 's plugged into the ipod -RRB- to get optimal sound . And the optimal sound is n't when it 's plugged in all the way like it should be . You have to put it about 2mm from all the way to get the optimal sound . But the thing is , if you move at all , the sound gets distorted because the connection is bad , resulting in either a scratchy sound , sound from only one side , or fluctuating volume . It 's definitely not something I 'll use unless I 'm sitting down . Even then , the quality is nothing like the real apple headphones .
 I bought these headphones in Europe , thus I left all the packaging and receipts that these came with in whatever hostel I was staying in at the time . If this were n't the case , I would have returned them by now.When you first use them , if your coming from a point in time where you have no other decent sounding equipment , these will seem amazing to you . You 'll much more depth in sound , and you 'll be impressed with their ability to produce such lows without breaking.This was the case for me . But when I returned to the U.S. and bought studio monitors for audio production necessities , I realized that these headphones simply do n't cut it , in not only professional situations , but also in normal recreational use.I guess my ears have been conditioned by now to expect clear and untainted sound , but even in other consumer speakers do I find more mids and highs than in these cans.These are simply too bass heavy . If you 're into music that produces a lot of heavy drums and deep bass synths , then these may be a little fun but fatigue your ears rather quickly . If your music is motivated by the mids and highs , stay very far away , because honestly , you wo n't enjoy you 're music very much . And that 's really what it comes down to , whether or not these headphones will allow you to enjoy your music the most for the amount you paid , and the sad truth is that they wo n't . --------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 4 Years later : I was much too rough on these headphones back then . I picked them up today for the first time in about 2 years , and A/B 'd them against my sennheiser hd 280 's . The results were not as I expected.I expected to continue to dislike my 465 's . I expected to feel like they were a waste of money . I expected ... etc.I 'm actually really digging them.Yes , the bass is still a little too much . Yes , the mids and highs are not as clear and sharp as they are on my 280 's . But , what I 'm realizing now , is that I did n't take into account how nice and warm these headphones sound.Would I monitor with them ? Hell no . Would I DJ a party with them ? F * # @ no . Will I mellow out with them after a long day ? You bet.They sound ... nice . The bass kicks , and they 're kind on your ears . The highs wo n't feel like they 're piercing your ears . They 're warm . I like them again .
 My -LSB- ... -RSB- $ Philips surround sound , in-ear plugs I picked up at a CVS pharmacy sounds ten times better than this piece of crap . This is so heavy with bass that I could n't even hear some instruments that I knew were in the high ranges ! Do n't believe those reviewers that suggest that a set of headphones needs to be broken in ! Better to return this before the thirty days return time period elapses . Awful !!
 These headphones sound awful . There is all sorts of hype on the packaging about how they contain the latest technology - they even tout that the headphone lead uses oxygen free copper ! What a con . All the other bad reviews are correct in saying that these headphones are low grade boom boxes with a muffled midband and virtually no treble . Give them a good listen before you part with the cash
 If you like your music to be warm , with no mid range sound stage , cushioned and over emphasised bass then these are for you . Also these HD 465s have a fabric tensioned over the cup which squashes your ear -LRB- rather than surround it -RRB- and lets ambient sound enter . I returned my HD 465 after receiving them as a gift and went to the HD 555 . My opinion is that the HD 485 has similar sound with a better cup -LRB- no fabric tensioned -RRB- , but the best option is the HD 555 for Au $ 85 extra.The Sennheiser HD 555 has a large plug jack designed for the lounge amplifier rather than an iPod , so to use it on an ipod you have to plug the large jack into the adapter and end up with a double plug the same height as your iPod again.Another good thing about the HD555 is they are very comfortable over hours of listening , have a sleek look which is in contrast to the 80 's design of the HD465/485s .
 This is the fourth or fifth Sennheiser earphones I have purchased , and the very first that did not please me . In fact , it might well be the worst pair of stereo phones I have ever encountered . The highs are nonexistant , and the lows are so heavy , the sound actually breaks up on truly low tones . No amount of correction could compensate , either . I know . I tried . The attenuation of the high frequencies actually starts at 800 Hertz . I am truly disppointed , and had I less confidence in this company , -LRB- previously -RRB- , I might have retained the packaging , etc. , and returned the phones.As it is , I am stuck with them . Somebody suggested they might `` break in . '' If so , I will play music into them endlessly , but certainly without listening . It 's that painful .
 I purchased this camera on March 27 , 2005 . The pictures are dark , blurry , bad quality , shaky with bad color . The only thing which is good on this camera is the look . A $ 20 throw-away camera has better picture quality ! Absolutely no follow-up customer service from Butterfly Photo once they receive your money .
 I love the size of this camera , but I use this camera for business , so when I shoot a photo I have to rely on it for a good shot . I just ca n't live with the picture quality . I was disappointed with the indoor shots , funny dark brownish color , it never seems to get the color right indoors . I liked being able to shoot short videos , and being able to carry it easily , but like I said I get unreliable picture quality.You would have to carry the manual around to remember what the symbols mean to set it for a different exposure . I hate to send it back , but I give up .
 The thing is that it is not a very stable camera , hence it does not give you very stable shots , so many of your pics will be blured . Even those taken with a tripod . I am a pro photographer , and I would not recommend this camera . Yes , it 's very thin , but is not worth the pics it takes ... Seek for other model not so tiny if you 're expecting better images .
 I bought this camera like 7 months ago since it was so small and i liked the design ... but the pictures it takes suck , specially in the night time or with flash , you can barely see what you are photographing.THe video feature its ok even though you cant change the zoom while making the video , but the design doesnt suit well this feature since the audio-in is in the exact same place where you are suppossed to hold the camera ... so most of my videos dont have audio since i was blocking the audio entrace ... Its small and portable , and i could fit it in any pocket , so thats good , but its so small that the battery lasts only aorund 90 min ... that 's what it says , but it keep going down like 5times faster than a regular min , so it only does last like 30 min .
 I 've had this camera for a year now and every day I regret spending so much on a piece of equipment that is so poor . My old Sony Cybershot is 10 times the size , 5 years older but takes better pictures.Don ' t get me wrong - I normally love Sony products but DO NOT BELIEVE THE HYPE ABOUT THIS CAMERA . It is truly awful .
 I bought a similar camera and droped it as I was sitting down . I dont know if it was just bad luck or this is a very fragile camera but the LCD screen broke . I contacted SONY repair service and they have a flat rate 181 $ to fix this and similar problems . I 'm not spending one more cent on this camera and will replace it with another from CANON or OLYMPUS .
 Even do this camera was refurbished I was expecting not to get a camera that has scraches all over . Looks like a 5 years old was the one using that camera . Unfurtunatly , this store return 's policy sucks and I can not return this camera .
 My wife and daughter bought this camera , with 512Mb ProDuo memory stick and travel accessories , for my daughter for Christmas from the Sony Web site for a small fortune.The 512Mb ProDuo -LRB- MagicGate MG -RRB- memory stick was the on-site recommended memory stick addition for this camera . It came with a 32Mb Duo MG memory stick . The memory sticks came with an adaptor to fit into standard memory stick slots.Only the 32Mb memory stick could be read by my daughters Sony Vaio PCG-GRX550 -LRB- marked MG at the memory stick port -RRB- , and by the adaptor on my Desktop.Went to Sony Tech Support site and found a huge list of laptops that DID N'T work with the ProDuo and required a utility , which I downloaded but could n't open.Then I called Tech Support and the agent went on endlessly `` searching '' to find a solution to the problem . in between asking a number of times why I did n't just download from the camera . There are lots of obvious reasons which I gave him and then he went on `` searching . '' He also said that the utility I tried to download would n't enable me to read the stick . Finally he transferrred me to someone `` higher up , '' and the whole converstion was virtually repeated . And this agent also kept suggesting I use the camera to down-load , and I kept repeating why it was n't practical , and why it defeated half the purpose of the memory stick in the first place.At last , at last , he said the ProDuo was incompatible with my LapTop , and my Desk-Top reader . I had to waste a vacation afternoon to find this out , and I 'm sure they knew this the instant I called . Why is n't this information available when purchasing off their web site . Why do n't they tell you this on their support site or in the users manual . After all that , I still do n't know how to read the memory stick . Is there a USB adaptor that reads it ? But now you have to carry more junk around with you.Tere is an option . Instead of buying the 521Mb ProDuo at $ 65 , you can buy four 128Mb -LRB- largest -RRB- Duos at $ 40 apiece.I really ca n't judge picture quality . My daughter says it is OK . But with the two pictures I did take , I noticed that the camera automatically focused on the subject and then went out of focus when you started to press the shutter . I do n't know if this is typical.I ca n't believe the reviews of this camera . How do these reviewers read the memory stick ? Do they work for Sony?Note the memory stick convenience was one of the reasons for buying LapTop . Aha , the solution is now obvious
 First of all , I was so excited to get this camera , mainly because of the size and look . But the second I started taking pictures , I became very disappointed because despite being a 5.1 megapixel camera , none of the pictures I came out were sharp at all . And you have to be absolutely still when taking pictures otherwise everything comes out blurry . Very disappointed . My other five year old digital camera takes MUCH better pictures .
 I was really delighted when the camera arrived in the mail - it looks truly spectacular . I was quick to put it on charge , but unfortunately that 's when my delight ended . The pictures this camera takes are just below par . It takes good photos if you want to do everything manually -LRB- focus , white balance , etc -RRB- , but if I wanted to do that I would buy an SLR . The photos are all off in some way or another , all either washed out , too dark , over exposed , etc.The truth is that I wanted a point-and-click camera to replace my trusty , but aging Canon S230 . This definitely is NOT it . I have heard good things about the Casio and Canon ranges , and am now keeping my fingers crossed that I can return this unit without issue.The other problem I have is that I wanted a camera that I could slide into my pocket and carry around with me without needing a belt pack . Unfortunately the lens slider -LRB- which switches the camera on and off -RRB- engages way too easily , so often the battery goes flat in my pocket.The caveat on everything I 've said above , is that if you want something as a talking piece , the T7 is definitely it . It does look very , very cool . Such a shame that the photos are so miserable .
 I purchased this camera as a second camera to compliment my Digital Canon 20D which I am very happy with . I admit that I choose this camera for its cool design and small shape . Also , I am brand loyal to Sony and thought with this high mega pixel the picture will be very good.I was wrong . The indoor pictures are very pixilated , shaky and very bad colors . Big problem with red eye . Battery life is ok , and flash for this size is also ok.I have the first digital camera Sony came out with 6 or 7 years ago where it saved pictures on a floppy disk with 1.5 mega pixels . That camera took better indoor pictures than this one.Outdoor pictures are not bad.In summary , I will not recommend this camera to anyone . I ended up sending it back to Amazon after 2 days of using . I would suggest the Fujifilm Finepix F10 6.3 MP if you are looking for a good camera with big LCD.I am giving this camera 2 stars for only its outdoor pictures and close ups , and cool design . Other than that , it is not even worth 1 star .
 I bought this because I wanted to see how much better it was than the 4.1 megapixel version . As a matter of fact , the 4.1 megapixel Cybershot was better than this.First , the good news . The camera is VERY slim , and will probably fit in your pocket , or a small bag . The silver and gray finishing was a nice touch.The camera , like most Sonys , was very easy to use . Most beginners will like this camera for it 's ease of use.The LCD is very large , and easy to read . The text is n't small , and the colors are vibrant.The quality of the video was very high . The videos were crisp and clear , and the sound was decent as well . However , the photo quality was poor . This is related to the weak flash . It needs a lot of light and perfect handling to operate it correctly . I 'm not that kind of a person , so having a poor flash is just AWFUL ! It totally ruines the camera . If the flash was good , this would be the best camera on the market . Unfortunately , Sony used cheap lights on their camera , and now it 's going back to the store . You may want to check out the Canon SD410 or the Sony DSCP73 to find what you need.Unrecommended .
 This is the worst camera I have ever owned.Due to its poor design it is impossible to hold . Above and beyond its complete lack of night shooting ability , it fell apart -LRB- literally -RRB- a month after purchase . Sony then weaseled it 's way out of a legitimate warranty.I will never buy another Sony product again .
 sony camera 's are the worst to repair . they charge you $ 200.00 for a flash . That is almost the same price as a new one . Buy the other brands . they have local shops that will fix warrenty problems SONY does NOT have this . you have to send it to Texas . I do n't even live in a state that touchs Texas . Please Buy a different brand of camrea you will be much happier . the parts and acc . are more as well .
 I purchased this camera on May 26 , 2005 my very first digital camera . The only good thing is the size . I did read the manual very carefully . It is very difficult to focus with this camera specially indoors . Sony advertise the Macro system but 95 % of the time you can not focus with the macro function . The battery drains out completely after approximately 15-20 pictures . So be prepared to have at least one spare if not 2 . The LCD has a very good size and bright however I think that is the problem in leaving the battery empty . I am surprised at sony and their reputation not to address such important issue.The very positive aspect was when I returned to Amazon I was credited back with in 24 hours an excellent service by amazon my hats off to them for their support.Bottom line is do not spend $ 450.00 for this camera it is only good for one purpose and that is to Show Off .
 This camera is a pile of garbage . I bought it as the `` perfect '' pocket camera to sneak into a concert . Maybe 2 of my 40 shots were decent , but still grainy and slightly blurry . Shots w/o flash looked comparable to my phone 's - unnatural color , grainy , blurry . The flash -LRB- even with the anti-red-eye feature -RRB- gave all of my friends red-eyes . Video is okay , but randomly focuses in and out like it ca n't make up its mind ??? Auto-focus is the worst ever . The most frustrating part is how misleading the LCD is -LRB- only nice feature -RRB- because the pics looked great on it - until you upload them on to your computer . Lens cover and moving parts felt cheezy as well . I took it back the next day .
 I was looking for a ultraslim camera to replace my 2 years old Canon S400 which is still too thick and heavy for me as a snapshot camera . When I first saw the T7 , I was attracted to its super sexy style . So the T7 automatically sit on top of my short list for the next camera . -LRB- the others are Panasonic FX7 , Canon SD400 and Nikon S1 -RRB- Before I made the decision , I have read a lot of reviews online regarding the T7 , people are either love it or hate it , and I understand why soon after I got my hands on the it ... I purchased the Sony T7 from a local store -LRB- although Amazon offer a better price , it would be a huge hassle if I do n't like it and decide to return it -RRB- . But soon after taking a few pictures with the camera , I discover that this is definitely not a camera for me.For those people who highly rated this camera , those are the people who love sexy and stylish gadgets , in this category , T7 should be a perfect choice . It is super stylish , slimmer than anyone could imagine for a 5MP camera and it is definitely an eye-catcher and a head turner that people just ca n't keep their eyes off it!However , after I calm down from it 's stunning appearance and start using it , I immediately realize the reasons why so many users of T7 left negative feedbacks . The camera is too small that it is awkward to hold and take pictures steadily . Lens and the large LCD screen are prone to the fingerprints . All of the pictures took indoor is grainy and noisy , even with the help of flash . The flash is so weak that it hardly reach over 6 ft. Using the red-eye reduction function will further induce handshaking effects and ghosting effects when taking pictures indoor due time required to steadily hold the camera is longer . Ironically , a camera of it 's size is prone to red-eye since the lens and the flash is so closely located.In short , the image quality of all the pictures T7 took are disappointingly lower than the pictures took with my 2 years old Canon S400 . The supporters of T7 may argue that T7 is much smaller than S400 . That 's true , however , personally , at this price , I would expect the picture quality is on par or at least come close to my 2 years old S400.PRO - Super slim , super stylish and attractive - Body feels sturdy and well build - 2.5 '' large LCD screen - Very fast start timeCONS - Difficult to hold steadily - Weak flash - Weak battery life -LRB- Additional battery pack cost $ 50 -RRB- - Use MS Duo/Duo Pro -LRB- Which costs approx 50 % more than SD with similar speed -RRB- - Pictures taken indoor are noisy and grainy - Prone to red eye , but prone to hand shake when using red eye reduction - Lens and LCD screen are prone to fingerprintsAfter playing with the T7 and the comparison tests with my old S400 , it is very clear to me that T7 is n't a camera that worth its price . The bottom line , how good is a camera if it ca n't take even decent quality pictures even though it looks cool on the outside ? I am going to return it to the store and luckly they do n't charge for restocking.I am going to continue my research on the other cameras on my list -LRB- Nikon S1 , Panasonic FX7 and Canon SD400 -RRB- which are just a little thicker than T7 and cost approx $ 100 less ! So far , I have seen less complaints on each of these cameras than T7 .
 I bought mine thinking `` what a deal ! '' -- as usual , you get what you pay for . Mine installed flawlessly and looked sexy , but that is the only reason why I am giving it 1 star . I burned 8 `` coasters '' -LRB- both DVD-R and DVD+R -RRB- at various speeds -LRB- 4x , 6x , 8x , 16x -RRB- but I was never able to record a single good disc . The bundled software -LRB- Nero -RRB- was either recording the discs without reporting problems -LRB- only to find out later that they had tons of errors on them -RRB- , or it was simply stalling at some point , randomly -LRB- 2 % , 3 % , 54 % , 75 % -RRB- . I have a 5400rpm hard drive , 256Mb of RAM , and a 1Ghz processor . All my other applications were closed during the burning sessions . Excuse me , but that should be enough for a DVD burning process . If it 's not , they have n't gotten it right yet ... I took the drive back after 4 days of repeated , frustrating failures , and I spent the extra twenty bucks to get me a -LRB- roughly equivalent -RRB- Sony double-layer DVD burner , which apparently works a lot better -LRB- burned one DVD so far , tested it thoroughly afterwards -- no errors . Bravos Sony ; Memorex please go back to the drawing board -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 I received first set in Feb 07 - quite working in 3 days-Electronica Direct replaced - second set worked one week - only 15 day warranty by Electronica - Sennheiser sent e-mail -LRB- yesterday 25 May -RRB- that they received e-mail request , just heard back they need me to resend request - units MADE IN CHINA.received new unit in jun , didnot use until March 08 - do not work at all 2 e-mails to Sennheiser have not been answered !
 I bought these headphones based on a CNET review and some of the reviews I read here at Amazon . For the most part these headphones received very good reviews but for my tastes there was too much hiss during quiet moments in movies or between programs.I also experienced discomfort wearing these headphones . The charging mechanism places two metal bands on the inside of the headband directly on top of your head . I could feel these metal bands pressing on my head whenever I wore the headphones.I 'm returning these and trying the Sony IR MDR 4000 . From what I 've read , IR headphones do not produce hiss .
 I bought these headphones to replace my Sony wired headphones . I listen to all different types of music on my computer and my system . I thought wireless would be nice way to go so I could walk around my apartment . However , I was fooled into thinking that it was possible to get at least close to wired quality . I was wrong !!! These headphones did not come close to matching my Sony headphones . As far as the isolated music quality goes , they were decent , I 've heard much worse . Their specs look much better on paper than they sound . They are also very light and comfortable , a bit bulky and wide , but they fit well nevertheless . However , there was a ridiculous amount of white noise and hissing . There is no excuse for a 900 Mz signal to be that bad . I am not completely new to RF technology either . I took away any possible interference I could think of . They pop very loudly also when you move . I am guessing it is frequency hopping or simply cutting out . Comparitively , they sound like listening to music on your car stereo while driving 90 on the freeway on a rainy and windy day . I also had to turn the volume on the headphones themselves all the way up to even get the normal listening volume I get on my speakers or other headphones . Bottom line
 Main problem is the wireless reception , even if you are very near you still hear some annoying noiseNothing like Wired headphones ...
 I 'm kind of a die hard sennheiser fan , I have the hd595 's and the eh150 's and both of those are 5 star headphones in my opinion . These however , are not what I expected from sennheiser at all . I 'm listening to my dad 's pair of these hdr130 's and I just now had to minimize this page that I was typing on as he walked in the room because I did n't want him to see me dissing on his headphones and make him think that they were crappy . He 's not into music quality or into headphones like I am and I want him to think that what he has is good . But now he 's gone again and I can continue bashing on these poor sounding headphones . We 've always been a sennheiser family ... My brother has the hd650 's which are so awesome it 's hard to describe . I absolutley love my hd595 's and they sound so great and are so comfortable and the eh150 's sound amazing for only costing -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks ... in fact , I 'll bet that you ca n't get better sound for the money . But these hdr130 's are a different story . They 're not even close as comfortable as any of the senn 's that I listed and the sound is worse than these old junky panasonic headphones that I actually found in a dumpster . They -LRB- the panasonics -RRB- are n't even the big over the ear kind of phones , they are the smaller dinky kind of headphones that sit on top of your ears . The sound on the hdr130 ' a is weak and hissy and not bright and clear and with the tight warm bass that is the sennheiser trademark . I love sennheiser and am a real devotee , but it would be a cold day in hell before I would waste my money on these things .
 I have a home-theater system in the same room as this one . Though the product comes with 3 switchable channels for clarity , 2 of them are nearly useless . The only one that works has enough static to muffle any audio clarity.To take a stab at this again , I would probably say they are worth 25 odd bucks . Definitely sending these back .
 IT 'S WAIST OF MONEY . EVERY 2-3 MINS , WHEN YOU ARE LISTENING THE SOUND GOES OFF AND ON FOR 10-15 SEC . DO N'T BUY IS WAIST OF MONEY .
 Bottom line . It does n't work . By the time we got around to trying it -LRB- it was purchased early for a present -RRB- , the `` warranty '' had expired . Also , lousy instructions . VERY UNHAPPY with this purchase , my first and only unhappiness with an Amazon-purchase . So , I 'm stuck with it .
 I just got them yesterday . I usually do not need to compliant since every time I buy something it works . This time I waited 16 hours to charge the batteries and afterwards they never worked . The batteries do not show as being charged and I also got a new set of already charged bateries but still it never worked . I spent 3 hours and I finally realized that this product is not worth the money I spent since it is not going to help me ever to be relaxed . Usually you just plug the headphones and you are ready , but this time the manual of this product is not clear in any of the languages I can read ... English and Spanish . Even worst . . They are not cheap and now I will have to fix this situation that it does not look really bright .
 A waste of money.I had them for little over a year.Now , Ciao!in the GARBAGE !!!!!! Piece of junk . Save your money .
 I recently purchased this item . It had a lot of background noise and after about 10 minutes , everything shut down and stopped working . I do n't recommend this product .
 Target will send you a pair of earphones worth 50 cents , and for exchange they will send you the earphones again !!! It is not Senn and it is not Heiser it 's just MAX400 OEM Earphones not worth the price of postage .
 I want to see sellers and makers list country or countries of originproduct has german name , first chapter in owners manual in german.product made in communist china . I try to avoid communist products , very hard to do when origin not clearly listed . the unit is nothing special , I have very low priced corded headphones that sound better
 Only rated 1 star because -5 is not an option!Received these for Christmas - absolutely disappointed . These are headphones that a Dollar Store should be ashamed to sell . I have owned -LRB- and also sold -RRB- Sennheiser products for the last 30 years and been completely satisfied - which makes these pieces of crap even more disturbing.Also disturbing is the fact these are made in China for most likely less than $ 3 , and sold for well over $ 100 trading on the Sennheiser reputation.Following are observations : The manual - nothing on the base/transmitter / charger works as described - probably a bad English translation from a Chinese writer who never even saw the headphones.Also featured - NO CONTACT INFO of any kind - no support number , but then again , if I sold crap like this for so much , I would n't want to talk to customers either!Design - no stereo balance adjustment , no manual tuning adjustment , cheap on/off switch - feels like it 'll break tomorrow ... insufficient volume control ; non-breathable ear cuffs - be prepared to sweat under there!Sound Quality - NONE - will not function without the `` surround '' feature on -LRB- why even have a switch ? -RRB- - you ca n't provide enough signal to drive it with a computer sound card , powered speakers , or component stereo system ... and with ` surround ' on the bass is extremely exaggerated -LRB- sounds like one of those mini cars with the 5000 watt stereo and subwoofer with the windows rolled up and 20 feet away from you at a traffic light -RRB- . This combines with a S/N ratio of what must be 2 and cutting out of one or both earpieces , -LRB- and an annoying ` whoosh whoosh whoosh ' as you move or turn your head ... RANGE
 Plain and simple , sound is awesome except the intermittent interference that I ca n't get rid of no matter what channel I pick , where I place the base . I have moved it away from any electrical source -LRB- monitors , phones , power cords , etc -RRB- . Very annoying and I do n't use them anymore because of this . Very disappointing .
 Worked for one test period then ceased to power on ever again.Better results after replacing with $ 20 no-name product .
 I bought these Headphones and Iam totally disappointed . I wanted these headphones as I workout in the wee hours of the morning and would like to watch TV at the same time without disturbing the kids . At low source volumes -LRB- TV sound volume -RRB- and me 20 feet away from it there is constant hissing and swishing sounds especially as my head moves while working out . Raising the TV volume reduces this , but then defeats the purpose of headphone completely -LRB- do not want to disturb the household ! -RRB- Also i constantly lose reception every 10-15 min and get cut off and though sometimes it scans and reaquires . I often have to manually turn the headphones off and on.I would certainly stay away from Sennheiser headphones . They are not worth the top dollar I paid for it .
 When I first purchased the headphones , I was pleased with the sound quality and the fact that others did not have to suffer from a loud television when viewing shows with me . Within a month , there was a buzz in the left earphone . It was tolerable , but continued to get worse . Today , I am shipping the earphones back to Sennheiser because the buzz is overpowering . I hope that they will honor the warranty .
 Having read other reviews I elected to purchase this wireless headphone . What a disappointment . Surround sound must be turned off or you can not decipher words in the sound track . I 've experienced better quality from $ 19 wireless phones purchased from BigLots .
 I am returning this item . I bought it for my husband and he could not get it to work . It would work for 10 minutes , then nothing . Sometimes he could unplug it and plug is back in and it would work . We are not sure what the problem is but think there might be something wrong with the base . However , in all fairness , I will not rate either negatively or positively -LRB- had to check a star to get this review accepted -RRB- . We may have just gotten a `` bad '' set . We are not sure we are going to reorder this same one . But , will update this review if we do .
 These headphones failed to pick up audio from the television . I have contacted Sennheiser who sent me a UPS return label . I have returned the headphones to them for a replacement which I have not yet received .
 These headphones play as load outside as they do in your ear . The silver mess area on the outsides of the headphones are a straight shot to the speaker . So folks around you get to hear what you 're listening to at the same volume as you!I 've never left a review on Amazon before but this ridiculous design flaw made me want to inform others . I purchased these on Amazon and am amazed no one else posted this remark . Hopefully this helps someone else steer clear of these if they are concerned with private listening.Now on the upside , other than the issue described above , these headphones are pretty darn good . The wireless technology works great and they are comfortable to wear.Just wish they would have put some thought into the noise pollution given off by these headphones . I mean , ear bud style headphones give off less noise!Buyer beware ...
 Sound quality is generally rather good , but do n't expect much in the way of surround sound effects . There is a fair amount of static at times which can be eliminated by moving one 's head slightly , but there is no general background static as some users have complained about -- I think they do n't have the sound volume on their receiver turned up high enough . The automatic sound adjustment feature also sometimes cuts the sound too low so you may have to adjust it a lot at times . This seems to depend on what channel/show I 'm watching . I do n't have the transmitter at the recommended distance from my tv & surround sound equipment , but then it would be difficult to move it as far away as they recommend.I was pleasently surpised at the long battery life . I have tried to keep track , but they last so long I lose track before they run down . They last about two weeks for my usage , which is probably 35-40 hours , maybe even a little more . I fully charged the batteries then used them until entirely run down the first three times because with some batteries the initial usage periods can `` set '' the battery life.The main problem with these is that you ca n't just set them on the charging stand . It worked the first time but not for the second or subsequent charging attempts . I thought the charger was deffective , then I figured out the charging strips on the headband were n't contacting the charging bars because of the springiness of the headband . Now , I have to balance a weight on top and move the headphones around until they connect properly , then check later to make sure they are still charging , which ends up being much more hassle than simply plugging in my old headphones was .
 I live in a college dormitory and purchased these for listen to music + did n't want to get a wired one to chain me to my computer . Huge mistake . Whether it 's due to the wireless internet floating around or causes unknown , the sound was awful . Hissing , popping , and a fuzz that made listening to anything impossible . Avoid these headphones !!! Mine are in the process of return right now .
 I purchase the headphones April 27 , 2009 and it quit working exactly one month later . There is no customer service number available for the manufacturer . There is no live person to talk to regarding any service problems at the Amazon.com site . This is not a fun experience .
 I use these headphones to listen to streaming audio through my computer . I have found that the noise -LRB- primarily hiss -RRB- is significant . I plug them into a Logitech surround sound unit and have to turn the volume all the way up on it , volume all the way up on my software volume control , and then turn down the volume on the headphones . If I do n't , the hiss is intolerable . Additionally , I find the noise that the headphones pick up just walking a room away is large . I do not recommend them for walking around the house or going a significant distance from the base . With all the hiss they pick up I can not call them audiophile quality .
 I have been eyeing these for over a year . I took the plunge on black Friday when the price was about sixty bucks including shipping . I would never pay more than that for these . 155 ... seriously ? Not nearly worth it.Cons :1 -RRB- The ever-present hiss can be really annoying . Even if you have the volume turned way up on whatever is feeding your receiver , sit two feet away with nothing else around , it 's still there .2 -RRB- The sound is just so-so . Not nearly what I expected ... practically no bass at all3 -RRB- Not as comfortable as I expected either . Minimally adjustable , still makes the edges of the ears sore with extended use and is it asking too much to have a slight angle at the top ? These are shaped for a frankenstein head ! 4 -RRB- Cheap plastic for the most part . If the base is not mounted , it 's easy to have it go flying off the table if the cord gets accidentally pulled .5 -RRB- Distance claims are a joke . I can barely get 20 feet without losing some signal.Pros :1 -RRB- Cheap price for a great brand , if you get it 'em on sale2 -RRB- Very user friendly ... just plug and listen3 -RRB- Rechargeable AAA batteries and long life when fully charged4 -RRB- Extra accessories included to use with 3.5 mm headphone jacks , RCA jacks , etc5 -RRB- Easy controls right on the headphonesOverall ... disappointing and over-hyped IMHO ! sixty bucks is a fair price , one-fifty ... outrageous ! At that price , save up a little more and go for digital or bluetooth .
 I was very disappointed by these headphones . The SRS mode distorted everything that it sounded like the speakers were blown . They are so big and clunky that I felt like a bobble-head when I wore them . And the reception was horrible . I expected so much more for $ 180 .
 I received this item on 10/20/10 and returned them to J&R ; on 10/21/10Very unhappy with this headphone . Not enough volume and hiss ! The user guide indicates some TV , s will interfere with the transmitter and they are right . A constant easily heard hum when the TV is on . This is not present if the LCD TV is off . I have no hum in my 20 year old Radio Shack open ear headphones and they actually sound better the the Sennheiser 's . I had worked in the audio industry for a good 12 years and Sennheiser made great headphones then and I think they still do . Just not this wireless model . The SRS surround sound feature very poor .
 While I initially thought these headphones were acceptable , I ca n't take it any more . When I listen to music from the next room , the constant cut-outs whenever I tilt my head and ever-present hiss detract from my listening experience so much that I now refuse to use these headphones . They are OK if I am right next to the receiver , but I 'd prefer to use wired ` phones for that , as the sound is far superior . I finally tossed them today , as I could n't even listen to my new CD ; more hiss and drop-outs than music . In my mind , it was money down the drain . I had another pair of wireless -LRB- 900mHz -RRB- headphones previously with similar results . I thought the digital tuning on these would reduce the poor reception , but I could n't tell any difference . From now on , I 'll deal with the inconvenience of extension cords in preference to wireless headphones .
 Just got these from amazon and I plugged them right in . Im using it on my computer setup for movies and games and all I have to say is that I have very very disappointed . First of all I understand that this is a WIRELESS device , there will be interference with every other wireless devices in your house . That being said I tested this on 7.1 surround compatible games and bluray movies . The sound quality is acceptable being that these headphones are wireless . They fit comfortably for long periods of time . WHY 1 STAR ?! There is a very HIGH hiss/noise that comes from the head phones . During movie playback you can sometimes hear sounds cut off or fade out . It states that these head phones can go up to a range of 100 meters , I have the receiver arms length from my desk and the hissing is extremely annoying . You can even hear the hiss while you are watching your movies or playing games . Overall , very disappointed . Most likely going to return this or sell it off and go back to my $ 40 on-sale wired headphones Ive been using .
 This product was absolutely perfect with the exception of its automatic signal control and tuning . Unfortunately , those two `` features '' rendered the unit completely unusable for me , forcing me to return it.EXPLANATIONThis product features an `` automatic signal control '' which will automatically adjust the volume/strength , which at first sounds like a great idea . If all you do is use this for voice/TV or music that is constant , it would be fantastic . Unfortunately , if you use this product for music with variable strength , i.e. volume/strength goes from soft to loud -- such as techno , classical , and even a lot of modern pop/rock -- this `` feature '' will drive you crazy . It 's like listening to a song where someone is constantly turning the volume up and down.Another `` feature '' that drove me crazy was the automatic tuning . Again , in theory , it sounds like a great idea . Anyone that 's familiar with wireless headsets will know that the signal constantly fluctuates , especially when you turn your head a certain way , because of where the antennae is located and basic radio frequency physics . Most products respond like radios which will get slightly `` static-y '' when this happens . Unfortunately , when the signal fluctuates with the auto-tuning feature , you will get a sudden one-second pause of silence as it re-tunes . As annoying as any static may be , I * assure * you that having a song constantly interrupted by one-second pauses any time you move the wrong the way is * WAY * more annoying.CONCLUSIONI 've been searching for three years now to find a replacement for my Brookstone set . The Sennheiser RS 130 product was absolutely perfect in every way except for the two previously described `` features '' that did n't benefit the product at all . In the end , they were disturbing enough that I could n't use the unit and keep my sanity . My search for a replacement continues ...
 The base unit for the Sennheiser wireless headsets automatically shuts off every 3 to 5 minutes , if it does not recieve a strong enough volume from the base unit source . In order to keep it from shutting off , you have to turn the base unit volume up to a level that even with the headset volume low , is approaching the threshold of pain.I think this product may very well be the worst electronics device I ever bought .
 Too much hiss during quiet moments in movies , with soft music , and with spoken work programming .
 The sound quality of this product is wonderful but if I just put my head down to see what I am sewing in my lap , it falls off . If I am cooking and I glance down , it falls off . This is ridiculous . Do they not test these ? I would not buy this product again . What good is good sound quality if they are sitting on the floor ?
 These hwireless headphones were the worst I 've ever owned . Total static and no additional chanles found.When I tried to return them they let me know they did not take back returns on headphones . I shopped with Amazon after years shopping with ebay for that very reason . Just in case I needed to return them . Let 's just say I will NOT be shopping on amazon for items like this again.beyond dissapointed , libby
 I wish I could give you a review of this product . Unfortunately , I never received it . After spending a lot of time trying to track it , I found out three weeks later that the item never shipped . Thanks Amazon . On top of this , you said the item is no longer available . Not true ! But now if I want to order it again , the price has gone up , and there is no longer free shipping . Thanks Amazon .
 900 mhz is a joke in todays time . There was so much hiss in these headphones on all channels . returned for a refund
 The phones give poor intermittent reception on every channel at my location . They do n't hold the charge . After 16 hours of charging the uncharged warning beeper beeps all the time . I have been waiting since Spetember for a promised return label.I was called out of state for my stepdad 's funeral . When I returend home I enededup in the hospital with kidney failure . Te eaerphines arrived while I was at the funeral.I discussed this three or four times with polite understanding Amazon agents all of whom promised to send a return label . They made an acception since I was sick and could n't test or return the product before 30 days . Please send me a label soon .
 This order has definitely changed my mind about using Amazon and Internet ordering in general . Everything that could go wrong did . The headset was a piece of junk . It did not charge the batteries . I contacted the distributor , A.P.D , who sold it . The technician said the batteries took a trickle charge and it was slow to charge , I told him I had charged it for two days . He recounted it would charge . It did not.I contacted ADP for a refund . At first read , their return policy looked like they are going to charge you % 10 for returning it . Upon re-reading the complex almost three page return form you see they will take it back if defective . The form seems to want you to contact the manufacture . I did and they said to talk to APD again . By the way , two phone calls were made just to get this far . I had to return the headset at my cost.Forget trying to contact Amazon by phone . Trying to find a phone number for them is like trying to solve a Chinese puzzle . I did find a contact number for them but you had to use an online entry popup to enter your phone number . It did not work !!! Amazon only refunded me for the base cost of the headset , which was supposed to be a free mail shipment . So here we go again with Amazon . I had to active their `` A to Z '' guarantee form . The form reads like a house mortgage . You have to check off a number of check blocks that read like legalese and you are not sure what you just agreed to.After all that , they finely refunded the $ 16 or so that they paid to send me the item which was supposed to be paid by them as part of the incentive to make the order . Given all the pain , this order entailed , I still had to eat the $ 11 it cost to send the headset back to APD.This transaction deserves no stars .
 I bought the remanufactured headphones about 3 weeks ago . They did n't work . I thought it was strange that no power source was included for the charging cradle , but a confusing insert with the manual seemed to say that the usa version would work by simply by plugging into the headphones jack . Accessory Genie , the supplier did n't have a clue . I tried to reach Sennheiser but got the usual run around choosing options and leaving messages . Finally , Accessory Genie sent a replacement unit . It did n't work either and no power source was included . I finally reached Sennheiser . Ultimately we figured out that at least some of the remanufactured units have been repackaged without the power unit . The headphones might be great but if you get a set w/o a power source , they do n't work so good . I 'm told my power source is on the way .
 The product is probably fine , however , I did n't know when ordering that my TV had to have the correct plugs for it to work properly , my set is probably 15 years old and I do n't have any plugs I can use to connect the earphones . Probably my own problem as my tv is so out of date with all the new technology . Your product information should maybe say something about what is needed to make a connection . Hopefully , I 'll be able to use them if I ever get a newer TV .
 I bought the Sennheiser RS130 and the Sony MDR-DS6000 with the intention of comparing the two and keeping the better headphones.These are NO MATCH for the Sony MDR-DS6000s , despite the Sony 's price premium . Why ? Digital v. Analog . The Sennheiser set uses old-school 900Mhz analog comm . - just like early-1990s cordless home telephones . The Sony set uses 2.4 Ghz digital comm . - just like your wireless router . The frequency difference really does n't matter ; the degree to which analog communications are susceptible to interference is the key . Digital is simply less likely to pick up nasty interference and , because I live in a condo , there 's a lot of interference to be had.In addition , my Sennheiser set had a faulty power supply that ceased working after one day 's use . This might be a fluke , but it 's not a good sign.One upside to the RS130s is that they 're very , very comfortable.Bottom line
 The sound quality is good at very short ranges . They are pretty comfortable for under an hour of listening.What really does n't make sense with these is the blasting of static after about 1 minute if you pause your source device . The transmitter -LRB- which is plugged into a wall outlet -RRB- just shuts off leaving only static for the battery operated headphones to blast.I listen to podcasts on them in the office and if I have to pause due to a phone call or a visitor , they end up blasting static unless you turn them off using a switch on the back , adding another step to the 15 second process just to pause and address something else.I think I actually hate these things , but they do deserve the second star for the quality they would provide in the right situation .
 THE GOODTHe design of these are quite nice . Very sturdy product.THE BADThe design of the volume dial is right where your head leans back in a chair or pillow . I got these so I can watch TV withoutIt interferes with mobile phones quite easily . The iPhone charging next to the nightstand would send nasty sounds to the headphones and the headphone stand was on the other end of the room.The pads on the head and the ears are a soft fabric and after a few uses they need to be washed or they will smell like old socks . This is not sweat , this is normal absorption from the head and face after 10 - 15 uses.The volume can be heard through the ear pads so everyone next to you can hear what you are listening to . Wife not happy about me using these in bed . She kicked these headphones out of the bedroom!Still shopping . I got the 130 because I figured they would have figured out the design issues by now .
 I bought these on a whim when on Black Friday based on the positive reviews and the $ 60.00 price tag . People seemed to like them when they paid full price so I felt that I had to buy them when I could get them for 1/2 price . Based on the sound quality , flimsy stand and terrible charger -LRB- the stand itself -RRB- I think $ 60.00 should be the normal price at most . $ 100 + is way to much in my opinion.The headphones have a persistent hissing sound that is very distracting as other point out plus I have to lay a book on top of the headphones to get them seated correctly in the charger . I 've read other reviews that suggest the hiss is a minor price to pay for the great sound quality but I have to suggest otherwise . I have a 6 year old pair of Sony Infrared headphones that sound orders of magnitude better than these with an slight hiss which is tolerable . The his these produce is terrible . Poor build quality , sound quality and feel are very disappointing . I suggest passing on these unless you can get them for less than $ 60.00 but better yet , look for something else that sounds good : -RRB- Of the hundreds of products I 've purchased from Amazon , this is only the second or third I 've felt compelled to review and only because my experience is so different than others .
 Well I bought this item just over 6 months ago , and it stopped working recently . Its really only half broken but its definitely unusable . Essentially if I had to do it all over again I would not buy it anyway for a couple reasons.The first being the annoying beeps when there isnt any sound input in about 60-90 seconds , same annoying beeps when you first turn it on as well and even when you turn it off theres a sound . There is no way to stop that either and trust me hearing it often is a pain . The only time there should be beeps is when the battery needs to be recharged.The second issue is how slow it recharges on the stand , its over 12 hours to recharge which honestly is ridiculous , might as well get a battery charger and do it in a fraction of the time.So now the problem is that when I adjust the volume at all it sometimes goes to just above a whisper , as well as doing that even when I dont touch the volume which makes these headphones worthless . I will be avoiding sennheiser in the future as well as their reputation in my experience seems undeserved as $ 100 headphones should last you more than 6 months before crapping out .
 I purchased this product and returned it after just 2 weeks . The battery would not recharge and the switch for controlling the volume and channel is in the back so that when you rest your head back against a chair the volume/channel button is changed unintentionally . This is a poor design feature . Lastly , the design looks outdated .
 I was so excited to receive this product . It was my first experience with wireless products and I was looking forward to freedom of movement . However , what I found out was that because I live in a heavily populated area , there was alot of interference . I could n't move around at all with out lots of hissing and squelching . After speaking with Sennheiser , I was told it may not be for me . Thus began the return , that has been horrible . Mine was purchased from Skybox via amazon . I will never buy from them again . All in all in will end up being a $ 50.00 mistake -LRB- including the restocking fees and shipping back and forth -RRB- I am bummed!This review is more about the company than the senn . product
 I am greatly displeased with this headset . I wanted something wireless for use on my laptop but this thing is static city . It would drop channels like no tomorrow and constantly shut down . I 've never had any problems with my wired ones . So , moral of the story , if it 's too good to be true , it probably is .
 I had ordered this product based on very high ranking in several reviews . But I was very disappointed with the performance . The Noise was beyond acceptable level . The frequency output was flat . Lows abd Highs are missing which give a very dull feeling . I have a Sony XBR4 TV and tried with outputs from DirectTV/PS3/DVDs etc. . I did not find it suites anything . May be it is good for just News and I am sure you do not want to spend 115 $ for that . I returned it and the return was very easy and smooth . I was very happy the way Return was handled.I got Sony Model
 Other people might like these headphones but my pair is bad . The headphones continually cut out and lose reception . They also have a bad hissing in them when they are on . I do n't know if I 'm missing something but I would not recommend these to anyone .
 My brother graciously got me this pair of headphones off my Amazon wishlist - I had been really impressed by the reviews here and the idea of wireless headphones is pretty darn cool.These headphones are comfortable around the head . The stand is stylish and futuristic , and it is really pretty superbly neat to be able to walk around listening to music without having any cords at all.But for a $ 100 pair of headphones , the fact that they are constantly hissing , clicking -LRB- rather loudly -RRB- and periodically beep during quiet bits as they channel-seek is incredibly annoying . It 's not even constant , quiet hiss - the hiss will get louder and quieter at random intervals and when you turn your head ... even if you are only two feet from the transmitter ! Gah . I really do n't use them at all unless there are no other headphones around because they are so bothersome.If this is the best wireless headphones can do , I 'd stick with wires if I were you .
 Ugh.I received these as a Christmas present and was so excited to use these , but they 're a nightmare . I get SO MUCH STATIC coming through , I ca n't even use them . I do live in an apartment , so that is probably the problem . I do n't see why that is though . I have a pair of cheapy $ 30 wireless headphones from Radio Shack that work just fine , no hissing . I ca n't even walk out of my bedroom without these headphones crackling and hissing loudly in my ear . With my Radio Shack headphones , I could go down to the BASEMENT of my building without the headphones cutting out . Unfortunately , my mother bought these for me in October , so when Christmas came along , it was already past the day we could return them . So basically I have a pair of $ 130 headphones being used as a paperweight . Go me!I may update this review with a video so you can hear the hissing for yourself.Bottom line
 THE MANUAL IS NOT DEFINITIVE ENOUGH TO INSTALL ON A 1995 PIONEER RECEIVER AND A 52 '' MITSUBISHI TV . NO ILLUSTRATIONS TO ASSIST IN THE INSTALLATION.I TRIED SEVERAL CONNECTIONS TO THE OUTPUT PLUGS ON THE RECEIVER AND WAS ABLE TO GET THE HEAD SET TO FUNCTION FOR A FEW MINUTES AND THEN IT WOULD QUIT.TECH SUPPORT DID NOT RESPOND TO EMAIL . THEY DID RESPOND TO MY PHONE CALL AND TOLD ME THAT I WOULD HAVE TO TRY DIFFERENT VOLUME SETTINGS ON THE RECEIVER TO FIND A SETTING THAT WAS COMPATIBLE WITH THE HEAD SET . TOO HIGH OR TOO LOW VOLUME SETTINGS WOULD CAUSE THE HEADSET TO TURN OFF AFTER A FEW MINUTES -LRB- WHICH WAS MY EXPERIENCE -RRB- . I COULD NOT FIND A COMPATIBLE VOLUME SETTING THAT WOULD WORK.I PLAN TO TRY ONE MORE TIME BY PLUGGING INTO THE TV ITSELF AND TRY THE VOLUME SETTING SEARCH AS SUGGESTED BY THE TECH SUPPORT.IF THAT DOES NOT WORK , I PLAN TO RETURN THE PRODUCT FOR A REFUND.SINCERELY , LYNDA MARQUARDT
 They worked for about three months . Then they would n't charge anymore . I tried everything to get them to charge , but the way the phones rest on the charger is not a very good electrical contact . Pretty junky , and I threw them out , because I could n't stand looking at them anymore .
 Product worked ok for the first 45 days . Then it completely stopped working . I plug in the base , and no lights come on - its completely dead . I am now outside the 30 day return policy -LRB- by 2 weeks -RRB- , and I have so far sent 2 emails to Amazon customer service , and one email directly to Digital Media Source . NO REPLY AT ALL . I will try to contact the manufacturer next , but I am frustrated with this extremely poor customer service .
 description led me to believe I could sit and read a book while my husband listened to the tv through the headphones . Volume on the tv had to be so loud before he could get the headphones to work that it was impossible . Tried with our new Tv and same thing . Tried watching tv together with tv volume low where I like it and he could n't hear anything through the headset , I tried them on and I could n't either , so it was n't his hearing . Sending them back . Notice instruction booklet says `` Under modulation -LRB- audio signal too low -RRB- If this happens the volume on the sound source is too low . `` guess sleeping beside someone watching tv is out too
 After reading all the reviews I purchased this for my boyfriend for his birthday because he 's been wanting a pair of wireless headphones for months . I received two headsets and returned both because of extremely poor reception . Laying in bed , 5 feet from the receiver , the headphone volume would inexplicably drop after about 5 minutes of listening . Sometimes turning the TV on and off would fix it . We thought the first set might be defective but then the second set did the exact same thing . Too bad ... I 'll be looking for another set .
 Supposed to have a very long range , line of sight . I have complete loss of signal from 7 or 8 meters , and occasional dropouts even from 1 meter distance . I strongly recommend something else .
 I bought these and for the first 4 months they worked terrific . Then they became intermittent - drop outs with just static which started out lasting only about 5 seconds and occuring only once in about 25 minutes . I endured this for about 7-8 months until one day the drop outs became worse and then they stopped working completely . Thank goodness for extended warrantees . If you buy these be sure to get an extended warranty . Such a shame something that started out sounding so wonderful only lasted a few months . These were handled with TLC - never touch by critters or children and never exposed to moisture , vibration , shock , etc. . I 'm having serious difficulty justifying the purchase of another set from them even though Sennheiser has been a big name in headphones for decades . The phones should n't have died for many years !! Sennheiser RS 130 Wireless Surround Sound Headphones
 I 've had this headset for almost two years . When there 's not much interference they sound excellent and I like the surround processing . It really works , sometimes it sounds as if the speakers are on and I have to turn the headset off for a moment just to be sure there 's no sound in the room . However , some nights the interference is so bad I ca n't use them , and even on a good night there 's plenty of crackling in the background . Earlier tonight the interference sounded like a rainstorm , then it reduced suddenly as if someone in another apartment turned off an appliance . It 's not a gain issue , or distance from the antenna . The computer volume and the media player volume are all the way up , and the transmitter is 3 feet from me . It just seems to operate on a frequency that 's dirty with interference from other devices . The digital wireless headsets are more expensive , but lately the interference has been pretty bad and I really wish I would 've saved up for a digital version .
 Disappointed that the RS130 has a very noticeable hissing sound . This may be due to the volume knob to be on the high end to produce a good volume . There was no other way to turn up the sound from my TV .
 Not too impressed specially after previously owning a different brand . The sound is fair . I purchase the RS 130 to listen to TV after my wife goes to sleep , unfortunately this does not contain the sound within its ear muffs.Anyone near you can still hear the sound from the headphones unless its volume is turn down very low .
 I have a charger that works great and i bought this a couple months back just as an extra because it was a pretty good deal . i put the 4 batteries in and charged them and let me tell you ... you can definitely overcharge them ... i came back to the batteries and 2 of them exploded and leaked battery acid all over the charger and whatever was in the vicinity ... good thing it did n't burn my house down ... never again will i get anything tech B.
 4 of the 4 rechargeable batteries worked for me for the 1st week - but after that both the charger and the batteries stopped working!The indicator lights were never ON when I put the charger into the plug . I would spend 15 dollars more to buy a Sony or Panasonic Charger . But I will never buy TechB , its terrible . I Hope Amazon takes the advice of no sell such bad things . It 's indeed a total waste of money !!
 These batteries worked well the first few weeks I had them . Shortly after , I noticed they were not holding their charge . I would charge all 4 batteries up -LRB- 24 hours -RRB- , put them in my digital camera , and a few minutes later , my camera shuts off and says my batteries are out of juice . I try the other two batteries , and the same thing happens . I have tried a few times since then to charge these batteries and use them , but they fail to hold their charge . I have resorted to using good-old-fashioned Duracell disposable batteries , while I try to find a better brand of rechargables.My other gripes with this product is the charger : - First , the charge takes up an entire outlet . The plug is in the middle of the unit . There is no way to plug the charger into the wall without it blocking the open outlet . Terrible design . - Second , these ` charged ' red lights . They are supposed to dim when the batteries are fully charged . They do not work . They are always bright red . If you spin the batteries in place , you can get the lights to twinkle a bit , but you have no way of knowing when the batteries are charged.This is a useless product . While it may look enticing due to it 's low price , I advise anyone reading this to spend a few more dollars and buy a more reputable brand .
 I 've been using this charger and the rechargeables for about a year with no problems . However , I recently used the free alkalines that came along with it . They exploded and leaked battery acid all over my son 's toy . I 'll never purchase again .
 The charger is mediocre , it only charges PAIRS of batteries , not singles and has no indication of charge complete.But the batteries are a waste of money ... potentially a risk to your equipment.Two of my 4 NiMH rechargeable cells would not hold a charge - zero volts , right out of the box . One of the `` free '' alkaline cells literally exploded in a radio , blowing the back of it after 1 hour of moderate -LRB- 300 mA -RRB- rate use , filling the battery case with caustic goo.I noticed that unlike quality NiMH cells , these `` Tech B '' cells have no -LRB- visible -RRB- overpressure vents to prevent their explosion on charging either .
 I bought the charger and charged batteries twice following its instruction for 15 hours . Then , the charger stopped working at all . I contacted Tech B 's customer services several times through their website . They do n't respond . The company 's website only allows us to email them , and there is no info of their phone numbers . I strongly recommend you purchase other chargers , unless you want to burn some $ 10 extra .
 The charger is bulkier and heavier than other chargers and is of poor quality , both by way of performance and outward appearance . The product I got had tiny scratch marks on the surface.The indicator lights stays on even after the batteries are fully charged forcing one keep track of the 15 hours charge time that is necessary . Though the product comes at a very competitive price , the quality of the batteries is not up to the mark . The batteries hold very poor charge and even after charging for more than 16 hours I noticed that the batteries did not have enough charge to make my wireless mouse work for longer than 15 minutes . I think it 's a total waste of money .
 All 4 of the free alkaline AA batteries literally exploded . they were in a drawer , in the original blister pack when it happened , and the force of one of the batteries exploding was enough to burst open the PETE hard plastic blister pack ! The other three cells followed.The NIMH cells also leaked and failed miserably , but at least they did n't fail explosively.So I 'd say go ahead and purchase from Tech B if you like surprises .
 After charging the batteries for 3 days they were ready to use . I tried them in my Olympus D-580 . After 3 pictures the battery light started flashing , after 2 more pictures they died . I tried the other 2 batteries and the same thing happened . I would not buy these again , and wish that I could return this , but I threw out the packaging ... Do n't waste your money !
 This thing does charge batteries , when it 's plugged in . It 's getting the stubby prongs to stay in the outlet when filled with heavy batteries that 's the problem , and it 's a pretty big problem .
 2 of the 4 rechargeable batteries doesnt works at all . They are suppossed to be new and they dont work !! I would spend 5 dollars more buying a Sony Charger . But i will never buy TechB , its terrible . I Hope Amazon takes the advice of no sell such bad things .
 Though the price is cheap , it 's still not worth it . It 's 2 times bulkier and heavier than other chargers and with a fraction of flexibility .1 . The plug is in the middle of the charger , so even it only takes one outlet , it will cover another anyway for the wall outlet .2 . No light indicating if the charging is done . It will always on when it 's plugged in .3 . Must charge pairs at a time4 . The clip is designed stupidly , very hard to insert a battery5 . Somehow can not charge battery to full , even it 's own battery . After charging for more than 12 hours , its batteries still can not reach the voltage to drive most of things . I had to use another charger to charge addtional hours .6 . Battery 's quality is bad . Significant self-discharging . After a few day on shelf , can not be used without recharging .
 Ordered this item a week ago , and it was $ 9.99 at that time -LRB- right now I see it is $ 13.08 fit it is still fine if you get the item you are paid for and if it is the same item as on product title -LRB- Maxell 4.7 GB 8x DVD-RW -LRB- 5-Pack -RRB- On the picture it is DVD+RW -LRB- with '' + '' -RRB- , but item description shows that it should beItem model number
 The previous comments about these headphones being `` distance-sounding '' are right on the mark . They have very little soundstage , and the mid-range sounded muddy to me . Bass is decent , and they have treble , but do yourself a big favor . Save up some more money and go for the Sennheiser HD-555 's . For about $ 150 you 'll be getting a killer set of cans with great soundstage . If you get a chance to A/B the difference between the HD-485 's and HD-555 's you will not be able to buy the 485 's . The HD-555 are very close in sound to Sennheiser 's primo HD-595 's , but cost $ 100 less than the 595 's . Go for the real value of the HD-555 's . If your really in a pinch for cans , I think the open-ear Koss KTX Titanium phones -LRB- for about $ 20 bucks -RRB- make a much nicer sound than the HD-485 's . Comfort of the HD-485 's is also a big issue . They are n't nearly as comfortable for long wearing sessions as the Sennheiser 500-series headphones or the Koss . In summary , the HD-485 is a mediocre headphone even at this price range .
 The first time I used these headphones I overdrove them , trying to get a satisfying amount of bass out of them . I overdrove them with a yamaha 50 watt/channel reciever via the headphone jack - with minor clipping only , no major distortion . They now crackle louder than my popcorn maker -LRB- the microwave oven -RRB- even when driven with my computer soundcard . They are great if you love the `` treble control '' at or near max . I know I should have purchased a studio monitor set of ` phones now . The SPL of these ` phones is great if you are driving them with a mp3/portable CD they may be fine . My 1981 set of Koss headphones -LRB- $ 24.95 at the time -RRB- are far superior . I have yet to obtain warranty coverage - and would advise anyone thinking of buying these that enjoy ANY music with a decent amount of bass , including classical music with demanding passages , avoid these headphones . 0 stars in my book .
 The music sounded distant , like there was something between my ear and the music , as if I was listening to music with my ear to a door . It was just too irritating .
 I ordered the HD215 for DJing on a vinyl mixing console but was disappointed with the lack of bass response and overall bulkiness , though I was willing to let the latter pass for a good pair of DJ headphones . Am a beginner trying to master the fundamentals of beatmatching and need my beat ala bass ... Am going for something else .
 I guess Sennheiser assumed that only DJs would use these phones , in bass-heavy dance club environments , because they completely neglected the low-end response from the phones themselves . The mid-range -LRB- vocals , etc -RRB- sounds excellent , the highs are a tad bright , and the bass response is non-existent . If you listen to rock , dance , hip-hop -LRB- basically , any type of music with pronounced bass -RRB- , you will hate these phones.On the plus side , I guess they are comfortable . Sennheiser should take the headband from these and use it to replace the horrible headband on the 280 Pros , which sound great but are horribly uncomfortable .
 First off , do n't get me wrong . These headphones are great . They are Sennheiser , they have high worksmanship , they 're comfortable , and they block out some noise . The DJ feature is nice , but most people who wear these probably do n't use the feature often . So why , in my opinion , are these headphones so bad?The sound . It was weak , paltry , and produced only the most fundamental bass . The mid 's were fine , and the high 's were alright , but , overall , I 've come to decide , if you want to get these , you want to get a little better . I felt like the sound stage was great , but could 've been a little clearer . Maybe you think I 'm one to recommend `` Beats by Dr. Dre '' . No , most certainly not . I presently own a pair of Sennheiser HD 595 's . Those are great headphones , are open , but much better than these . Yes , they cost a little more , but you do , honestly , get what you pay for . The bass is certainly something that someone will listen for . You ca n't totally leave out the bass . An accurate reproduction is produced by the HD 595 's , or , better yet , the HD 600 or HD 650 's . A lot more $ $ $ but , with a proper amp , the bass is overwhelming like in `` Beats '' but it also is n't lacking in these.For the , if these are in your price range , you will be satisfied by the great build of these headphones -LRB- sturdy plastic -RRB- , the comfort of the padding , and the the overall sound . But if you really want to hear your music in a better light , I highly recommend you save up a little more and get some better headphones .
 I am not an audiophile by any means , and was searching for higher end headphones for my husband who is . I owned a pair of Koss Porta Pro headphones a few years ago and was thrilled with the sound quality -LRB- I mention this because it is the only thing I can compare them to -RRB- I put the Sennheiser cans on after seeing my husband 's less than thrilled reaction and was shocked by the poor , poor , poor sound quality . Not sure whether or not they might be busted , but for the price tag there is no doubt they are being returned ASAP.Baffled by the more positive responses here , and I wish my review could be more technical , but there it is . Ladies be warned , this may not get the result you want on Father 's Day . As for my husband at least he was too excited and opened his gift early .
 There are DJ headphones , I got them to listen to my music with quality . Do n't buy these if you are looking for a quality headphone .
 I have seen some junk over the years , but this takes the prize ... the most useful part was the 3.5 mm cord and batteries . I doubt that this product cost more than $ 5 to make and I think its an embarrassment to Monster Cable , who I thought associated themselves with ` quality ' ... avoid this like the plague and go and buy the Tivoli-PAL ... sure its more expensive , but you 'll regret buying this Monster product , unless of course you make telephone calls with two bean tins and a piece of string , in which case you 'll be pleasantly suprised !
 Seldom do I find a product that is so bad that I only use it once . Unfortunately I bought it for an international trip and the return period was over when I got back . I offered to give it to the store to demo so that no one else would buy them . Do n't waste your money .
 Wow ! Incredible that such a cheap and useless product could every make it to market . The sound is horrible and the case construction is flimsy . When you open the case , the wires are exposed . I nearly broke the case just getting the batteries in . Luckily , for me , I purchased mine at Meijer for just $ 7.00 on clearance ... but in my opinion , I feel I was ripped off even at this price .
 The sound is as bad as bad can get . ANY laptop speakers -LRB- built in -RRB- will sound better . There is absolutely no use for this item . Not even for those who can tolerate mp3 sound .
 you can find this for $ 10 elsewhere . Do n't buy !!! Amazon should be shamed for even listing this .
 I purchased one of these when they first came out in May . I loved the video ! Much better than my Canon TX1 or my Sanyo CG6 ! The sound was ok . There was no noise from the auto focus/zoom motor.It was a very early production model . It kept locking though so I had t return it.I then purchased another one thru amazon and noticed right away the there was a horible noise coming from the auto focus/zoom motor everytime it had to refocus or if you zoomed . You could feel it in your hand and during playback you hear a very-very noticable ratching/clicking type noise . It just totaly ruins the important moments I captured . I sent it back to amazon.They sent me another replacement and I could not believe it but it was even worse ! I have sent it back to and still waiting for a refund.Amazon says that the problem must be more widespread than they had originally thought!Well I have not totaly given up on Aiptek . They have just come out with a new model called the Aiptek A-HD . It does not have a mechanical zoom so it can not make noise . The price is also less at 169.00 !!!
 I have owned this camcorder for nearly six months . It has been a very disappointing purchase.The audio gets very scratchy at times . I have seen this happening when recording musical programs where there is continuous loud audio . Video quality is so-so . In the name of HD , it creates huge video -LRB- . MOV -RRB- files , but the videos that I capture from my Sony MiniDV camcorder -LRB- in DV format -RRB- are much better in clarity and quality . The zoom is almost useless because of the absence of steady-shot feature . Even with a tripod , I have seen the video quality reduces with zooming , though it should n't happen with the optical zoom.Still pictures
 I purchased a GO-HD a month ago . The flash unit packed up on the first day and the camcorder does not switch off when closing the screen or pressing the power sitch , requiring the battery to be removed to power the unit off . When it was working , the zoom makes grinding noises which gets captured by the mic.I sent emails to Aiptek USA & Taiwan sales , support & marketting dept 's and have not recieved a reply since , indicating their total lack of commitment to product support.If you are happy to accept this $ 250 `` Throw Away '' camcorder , buy it and take your chances .
 well , Just received it last night . Packaged well , as always from Amazon . The camera feels really cheap -LRB- buttons , screen , etc. -RRB- So , i receive it , charge the batteries and shoot a sample ... plug the SD card in my pc ... results : Video was ok -LRB- just ok , but it was indoor , well lit -RRB- , but sound was horrible . Turns out the VLC player does ' t play the sound right , and with all the comments about bad sound , i figured it was just the way it was ... I later tried it on my laptop which has quicktime and it came out much better -LRB- what a relief : , but still very average -RRB- I will have to try it more during the day , to see if it is worth anything ... my thoughts are ; maybe it is 720p , but its sound quality is subpar , and build quality is cheap , then is this really such a bargain ?? still not sure whether is should get a refund and dish out the extra cash for a decent HD camcorder.Overall , pretty disapointed ...
 If you attempt to record while thecamera is plugged in , the ac adapterwill induce hum . However , when the adapteris removed , it is OK.The problem goes away when off of external microphonesor when off of ac adapter.The camera will run out of batteries in the middleof a lecture . It does not have a 720x486 -LRB- i.e. , dvd -RRB- record setting , for resolution.Resampling is required if you intend to make dvds .
 I only used about ten minuets of this camcorder and POOF it 's toast . The zoom wo n't work and the screen is so dark I ca n't see anything ; yes I tried different setting but it 's not the settings it 's the piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- camera ! -LSB- ... -RSB- . Now I ca n't return it because this seller 's policy is 14 days . BEWARE !!!!!!!!
 It 's a $ 200 camera so I was n't expecting much but I was actually impressed with the picture quality of the 1080 and 720 settings . The 720 60fps setting looked great and had fluid movement . The only thing I did n't like was that the recorded sound was about 1/2 second of ahead of the video . That matters when someone is talking to the camera . The still camera took bad pictures too , kind 've blurry on the sides . I did n't buy it for it 's still camera quality though , I probably never would have used it.I returned the camera though . Overall , if the sound would have been in sync it would have been 5 stars because it really takes nice video , vivid colors , autofocus seemed to work fine , crisp HD picture .
 1 . I really liked how easy it was to operate , but the HD is n't as `` HD '' as I thought it would be . Also , it 's very difficult to hold steady .2 . The zoom quit working on it 3 weeks after we got it .3 . I took three movies with it the other night , and only one of them shows up on the computer . Then , when I checked the camera , it still has all three movies , but no computer I can find anywhere sees the other two movies ... only the first one .4 . I called and emailed AIPTEK for help - still have n't heard from them , and that was 30 days ago . I wish I would have sent it back to Amazon . It started having problems at about the 28 day point , and I figured AIPTEK would help me with it.I really wanted it to work . We 're disappointed , and now I 'm back to trying to work with AIPTEK .
 After not even a week of using the camera , the backlight on the lcd would come on , but the camera would not start up . I 'm normally a fan of Aiptek products , but after seeing that this is n't the first time this has happened to someone , never again will I buy Aiptek . Total garbage .
 This is my two month experience . My reference experiences are a 12 year old Sony 8 mm tape camcorder -LRB- a pain to haul around -RRB- and a two year old Nikon 5 MP digital still camera -LRB- easy to pocket -RRB- . The biggest aggravations with GO-HD are
 Can hear CD spinning which interferes with sound playback . CDs skip with slightest movement of player . Headphones are of inferior sound quality . No AC adapter included .
 This review is not about the product . We have two first generation Ceiva frames that still work . The technical model of managing pictures in a frame at a location that has power and telephone but no Internet connection is unique and works well.This review is about Ceiva , the company.We purchased these frames as charter subscribers from Ceiva when they were a fledgling company . As a promotion , we paid 3 times the annual rate for lifetime subscriptions . This was a good deal for us and good word of mouth advertising for Ceiva . The promotion was only offered for a few months , limiting Ceiva 's financial liability.In the intervening years , Ceiva posted a policy on their site defining `` lifetime '' as the life of the device or seven years . This limitation was not disclosed in the original offer and the only email I have received from them has been monthly newsletters
 I purchased 5 ceivas for our family , and I am completely unsatisfied . Ceiva frames are a nice idea , but for the hundreds of dollars you will spend for pure frustration with the web site and customer service it is not worth it . I have tried countless times to correct Ceiva 's mistake with my gift subscription for my mother and they will not correct it . When you call , you have to wait 10-15 minutes on the phone with no correction to your problem . When you email , they tell you to call . When they make promises they never follow through . This is the WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE I HAVE EVER EXPERIENCED FOR AN OUTRAGIOUS PRICE ! I will never recommend this product to anyone . There are better and cheaper alternatives to digital frames out there . Do n't Buy Ceiva !
 The information about this product stated that it could use the XD memory card . THIS IS INCORRECT ! An adapter is needed , which adds to the price of the product . Also the picture does not seem as clear as some other picture frames I have seen .
 I received a Ceiva for review purposes last year . At the time I did have a slight problem connecting the device ; perhaps issues with the phone line , nobody knows exactly . However , it did n't take that long for the problem to resolve . Today was a nightmare!I connected the divice to find that Ceiva deleted all my images because my Ceiva service expired . There is just no need for me to continue with the service since the family seldom if ever utilizes it , regardless those images were in the divice before I connected . There were n't even that many . It took hours for the problem to resolve . Ceiva did not want to accept that I had no intention of renewing my service and I did not intend to lose those photos that I uploaded a year ago when the service was active.Ceiva had no intention of rectifying the situation unless I gave them money , I was adamant that I wanted the problem rectified so they reluctantly agreed to give me a day of free service
 I bought these because reviewers said they sounded good . They sounded hollow to me , so I returned them .
 Right out of the box , one of the speaker 's woofers had a rattling sound like it was defective . While this does happen on occasion , it is unreasonable that the customer should have to pay for return shipping on a defective item . This has to be changed . Return shipping for these speakers are 40 % of the cost of the speakers.This will prevent me from ordering big ticket items from Amazon in the future .
 Had a pair and was satisfied with the sound for several months . I noticed the sound was off and when I pulled the speaker grill , a bottle cap had cut the tweeter . Apparently the magnet sucked the cap up between the grill and the speaker -LRB- there is an inch of open space -RRB- and the cap cut the speaker . I have found that debris will also be introduced from the gap in the top.Big Design Flaw . Not for use on a bookshelf . Wall Mount Only !
 I like the small size of these speakers , but the designers weighted the sound too heavy in the lower-midrange and bass . The result is somewhat muddy . I would love to know of a similarly-sized speaker with better balanced performance .
 Lightweight , provides little protection , and the clip broke after one month . This should cost about $ 3 , not $ 19 .
 I ca n't even use it , the cutout holes on top do n't match up with the ports on my i-pod . Do n't waste your money .
 We bought several units for office staff . Liked the unit 's functionality , but several units had re-charging issues . Could not get satisfactory help from Sony , wanted nearly $ 500 to `` fix '' one unit , claiming that it had evidence of moisture damage to the mother board . At that time , it was less than two weeks out of the box , and never exposed to moisture . There was no one from Sony to talk to , despite their fancy voice interactive service line . Called numerous times . Best I got was a commitment that the service team that dealt with it would call me back within 24 hours ... . nothing doing . Eventually returned the unit to me - without repair done .
 For sony to put out a product as worthless as this is a sheer disgrace !! I normally purchase sony products because I believe that they are of an exceptional quality . In this case , oh , am I ever sorely mistaken . Do n't waste your money or your time . I am going to return my worthless product to the store and beg them to take it back !
 I was happy with the features and screen of this PDA , although its plastic construction felt flimsy compared to my old Palm V. Unfortunately , I have had to return this CLIE for repair/replacement . The innards of the memory stick slot broke loose . SONY warranty service answered my call promptly , and quickly sent me a pre-addressed FedEx carton for return of the unit .
 I 've had the SJ33 for about two weeks . Overall I have to agree with other reviews regarding the screen -- it is the most impressive feature of the SJ33 . However , my experience with the clie has been very frustrating . I purchased it primarily as a way to have an MP3 player together with my organizer . As of this writing despite several exchanges with sony tech support I 've been unable to get the MP3 player to work with any of my existing MP3s all of which play without problem on my other MP3 players , It appears that this issue will not be resolved and I 'll have to return the SJ33 at this point .
 If sony could get a zero , I would give them a zero . Sony has no concept of giving their customers any after purchase support . The battery on this clie has never held a decent charge . Due to my work , I am not able to leave it plugged in all day ; so I tried to find a car charger . No one had one not even sony and their support never emailed me back . I decided to replace the battery and once again no one had a replacement , and sony was non responsive . I guess by halting support of their clies sony believes that everyone will have to buy a psp . NOT ME !
 I ordered this and they did not send me a PCI card . They sent me an AGP card . Apparently this product comes in multiple types of cards , and unfortunately there is no way of knowing ahead of time which they will send you . Now I have to return the stupid thing . Next time I 'm ordering from Circuit City . They actually care enought to tell you what kind of card it is .
 BATTERY CAME IN GOOD CONDITION . IT DOES NOT RECHARGE . I HAVE CONTACTED THE MANUFACTURER , THIS IS A DISCONTINUED UNIT.NOT USEFUL FOR ME AT ALL .
 Rechargeable battery is good as is the ` shuffle control ' . Unfortunately this product comes with the aweful SonicStage software which HAS to be used . I bought the Walkman for running with but the supplied headfones have a very poor fit . Rather get a competitors product where you are n't bound to SonicStage software -LRB- I had a Creative before this and regret not getting another Creative -RRB- !
 PROS : GOOD SOUNDEASY DOWNLOADING FROM CDCHARGE IN CAR WITH RAZR -LRB- CELL PHONE -RRB- PLUGCONS : NO ON/OFF INDICATOR-NO WARNING THAT BATTERY IS DYINGDIFFICULT TO SEE READOUTSARMBAND IS UNCOMFORTABLE AND MUST BE REMOVED TO CHANGE SETTINGSI PLACED MINE IN THE GARBAGE YESTERDAY AND FELT A WAVE OF RELIEF IMMEDIATELY .
 You need to install a sony software to upload and dowload music . I did n't liked it .
 The title says it all , cheap headphones , wimp of a battery , difficulty in loading and actual use , and average sound makes this puppy a bad investment .
 Let 's dive right into it ... The person who designed the hardware of this music player deserves an award . I use music players exclusively for working out . This is the first player that seems designed specifically for that purpose . The waterproofing and the pedometer are a God-send . I had lost 3 players before this to rust and short-circuit . The waterproofing is pretty important to me . The pedometer is simply useful . I keep track of how far I 've gone and even cue the music to stop after a certain distance . Very cool . I can take or leave the tempo matching . -LRB- it is kind of insulting , I ca n't run fast enough to get the high tempo songs . :P -RRB- Great , that was the pluses . Here is the reason I hate this player
 I bought this item , the Sony NW-S203F Music Player , sight unseen , for my wife as a belated Valentines Day gift . I did not realize it at the time that it is not simply an MP3 player . You must use Sony 's proprietary music program to load it , and this entails loading your choices on a CD , and then ripping the CD into the ` Sonic Stage ' program , and finally loading them into the player . The player does not recognize the MP3 format , so you must go through this idiot drill each time you want to update the contents . Never mind that it must be charged through its USB cable , and it suffers a short battery life . I thought it would be a welcome addition to my wife 's walking routine , but she used it once , and on my desk it sits ! It 's not very intuitive to use , either . I really would like a refund on this piece of sub-standard detritus , but the seller sold it in good faith , and unfortunately , it functions as it was designed . I hope that other people can see this review , and plan their purchases accordingly . Sorry about the long rant , but it does not sit well with me ... Sincerely , Ray Franks
 Cons - No way to use this product without Sony 's propietary software , you can not drag and drop MP3s onto it , does n't work with Windows Media Player or anything else except SonicStage which is a notorious piece of junk . I hate the idea of installing any Sony software after the spyware stuff they were dropping on peoples PCs a few years ago.Pros - Good sound qualityI recieved this as a Christmas present , would rather she had given me bird flu . Will probably tell her I lost it at the gym or something like that.Get a Creative or an Ipod or something else ...
 You get what you pay for . This is a sorry excuse for a mini radio . Tuning is awkward , wo n't stay on station , poor reception . Pay $ 15 more and get a Sony Walkman with digital tuning and lock feature .
 I tried using this kit to install a non-factory radio into my 2008 Scion xB . The legs labeled xB appeared to match up with the screw holes at first glance ; however , once I placed the mount inside the dash -LRB- without the radio -RRB- the legs did not quite fit . It looked as though they could be slightly bend and still work . With the radio secured to the mount it was impossible to mount the kit within the dash . I ended up having to remove the legs labeled xB -LRB- now it had no legs at all -RRB- , screw holes in the side , and mount the original metal brackets from the factory radio to the last of the dash kit . I do not recommend this kit for anyone with a 2008 Scion xB .
 I was unable to install this dash kit because they put two right side brackets instead of one for each side .
 I bought this product from Microcenter . It cost 35 bucks.It disconnects every 2 minutes -LRB- no , literally -RRB- . And the highest speed i got it to run at was 2 mbps.The worst thing is , it overheats very very fast -LRB- 5 minutes -RRB- and just turns off.Its a rip off , i am gon na go and return it tomorrow .
 I am using SMC products since last 1.5 years , I was satisfied with all other SMC products , but not this.Reason : - Its just running @ 2MPBS speed , thought my router is supporting 11 MPBS . - I called customer support , they are confuse too , asking all networking stuff to do again & again , but no luck . -LRB- SMC customer support is always better than N'gear & D'link -RRB- - I dont know what to do with this 65 USD baby ? - also the size in the pictures look small , but its not real , size is larger than thumb drive.Otherwise , i hv good exp . with SMC products only this makes me crazy , but thats OK
 I bought this for my brother and thought `` well ... let me try it and maybe I 'll buy one for me too '' . Big mistake!I popped the CD into my computer and made all the installation of the CONNECT software -LRB- the software you use to load this unit with mp3 files -RRB- . Tried to use it and nothing . Strange messages kept on appearing saying there was a failure of some of the software 's elements ... I tried the product support link on the same installation CD and got appaled when I discovered an incredible array of additional fixes , firmwares and other technological mistakes I was supposed to download and instal.There was even an alternate software for those who thought the previous journey was too complicated -LRB- how sweet !!! -RRB- . I tried that one too and it still does not work on my computer.I 'll be returning the unit and getting something that actually works.I 'll forget this ever happened ! ... By the way , this player player comes with two demo songs -LRB- the only songs I succeeded on playing -RRB- . They sounded great . This player has great sound ... but I don ' r see any point having it if the software it uses is so bad .
 At least on a Mac -LRB- a quad core 2.66 G Mac Pro -RRB- this card has limited value . It will only address two of the 4 firewire ports at a time . All 4 ports `` work , '' but they do n't work concurrently . That makes the point of having a multiple-output device very limited . When I tried to boot my Mac with three drives connected and powered-on , the system failed to boot . If I boot with one or two drives powered up , it works inconsistently . If I boot with the drives off and power them up one at a time , making sure the OS -LRB- Leopard -RRB- identifies each drive before adding a new drive , the card will successfully load two drives and refuse to connect the 3rd drive . The 4th port is internal and , as such , useless .
 Using this with a 2009 MacPro `` Nehalem '' 2.66 GHz with 8GB RAM running 10.5.8 This card is SLOW ! I have no benchmarks but transfers are slower than the built in FW 400 in my 2.0 GHz Macintosh G5 and built in FW 400 in my Toshiba Satellite Laptop . I 've tested it with several SATA drives in FW cases as well as PATA drives , both 3.5 and 2.5 sizes . Cases had both Oxford 911 , 912 and LSI chipsets.I 'll be looking for one with an NEC chipset next . Hope that will be better . I hear Macs work better with them .
 Great zoom . Great battery life , but can be tricky to get a good picture . Not really point and shoot . Weak low light performance.But the real killer is that it just stopped working 5 months after purchase.Make sure you buy this a long extended warranty for this item .
 i have owned this camera for over a year , and overall have had a negative experience . daytime photos usually come out ok , but any low light situations are so noisy that they are unusable . even cloudy days make for terrible pictures . they were so bad i thought surely the camera was broken , so i sent it in for repairs . panasonic was good about a timely response , but nothing had changed when it was supposedly `` fixed . `` the main reason i gave 1 star is because there 's no point in having a $ 250 camera that 's only good for some situations . the optical zoom is a nice feature , but no built in lens cap and the hefty weight just for some fuzzy pictures is definitely not worth it .
 I bought the camera and have been moderately happy with it . I was very pleased by the compact size along with 10x optical zoom . I thought the picture quality was fair , as others have mentioned on here . I compared pictures to an older Olympus I had and found the Olympus was superior . I figured you have to give up something when you make a more compact camera.Things really went down hill when my charger stopped working 6 months after purchase . I finally called Panasonic support . I was floored when they told me that the charger is not covered under warranty . How shady!I decided to buy a new charger , but found they were $ 40 a Best Buy . I took the issue up again with Panasonic and escalated to a supervisor . In the end , I spent too much time on hold and waiting for call backs from someone in charge . You have to wait 1-2 days for a supervisor to call back . If you miss the call , you can not call them direct and you have to again go through a lengthy process to leave a message.When I finally spoke to someone , they wanted me to produce a receipt or old credit card statement showing when I bought this . This may be reasonable , but I was so sick of dealing with them over $ 40 , I told them to forget it . The last thing I wanted to do was spend more time sifting through my files to maybe find the receipt or try to remember which credit card I put it on.Overall , the this camera is fair . If you end up having to use their support for some reason , your experience will probably go from fair to poor .
 We were drawn to this camera due to the 10X zoom and many favorable reviews . Unfortunately , the photo quality using the zoom is very poor -LRB- extreme blurriness -RRB- , making it virtually unusable for that purpose . No doubt our results would be better using a tripod , but if I wanted to carry around a lot of equipment I 'd buy an SLR instead of a compact . Since the 10X zoom is of no use , I would have been better off buying a better camera with less zoom but that is smaller and that has more megapixels for the same price . Regular -LRB- non-zoom -RRB- photos are OK but lighting , focus , and stability can often be a challenge . Even at regular settings , I 've never had a camera that produces so many blurry photos . While the camera sometimes performs well , occasionally it inexplicably refuses to focus and the flash seems erratic . After a couple of years of frustration and very inconsistent results , I am shopping for another camera .
 After 10 months I 've decided to sell my Panasonic DMC-TZ1 . There are too many things I do n't like about this camera -- the noisy -LRB- grainy -RRB- photos , the slow USB 1.0 interface , and the fact that I ca n't hold onto the camera without my thumb changing settings . I had no problem dealing with the lens cap , and the larger size and weight were tolerable . I 'm just not happy with the quality of the photos , and I 'm going back to my old flame Canon .
 I was very disappointed when I opened the box to find that the lens cap is a hard , plastic , solid piece that has to be removed each time you use the camera . I knew I would set it down one time , and it would be lost or misplaced -LRB- or grabbed and hidden by my twin toddlers -RRB- . It is a solid piece , without any holes to attach a string . I need a camera where the lens cap either automatically covers the lens when the camera is turned off , or at least can attach easily with a string.Because of this feature alone , I returned the camera . I can not rate its photo quality .
 This camera does not recognize Transcend 4GB SD card . The biggest SD card that you can use with this camera is 2GB also verified by Panasonic customer service . Even my 3.2 MP Canon SD110 supports 4GB SD cards.Images are quite noisy even at ISO 100 . Optical zooming is slower than Canon S1 and not quiet either . The Leica lens and the 10x optical zoom could have been utilized much better . I will return it .
 I 'd had my eye on the TZ1 for a few months , and when Amazon 's price dropped to just over $ 200 , I finally went for it . I was drawn in by the great feature set - optical image stabilizer , 10x zoom , small form factor -LRB- for such a large zoom -RRB- . I had read every review I could find of the camera , and was a bit wary of the noise complaints , but I decided that I had to give the camera a try for myself . I need a camera that I can pocket and bring with me to concerts . I need the zoom because I ca n't guarantee that I 'll be close to the stage , and the image stabilizer will really help with slower shutter speeds in low light . So , I bought the camera in time for our Christmas party , where our band was going to be playing . Unfortunately , the camera failed the test miserably . It was too dark to use the camera without a flash , and any picture taken with ISO 200 or above is really unusable for anything except a quick snapshot . I did n't get any pictures of the band that I really want to save . I tried to get good shots in a few different modes - simple , standard , and a few of the scene modes , but nothing looked good . I did n't give up immediately and tried to take some more low-light pictures at home the next night , but there was just more of the same noisy pictures . Any white area in the picture ended up with red , blue , and green speckles through it.I am not new to digital photography - I 've owned two Canon point-and-shoots -LRB- the great S30 and the S410 -RRB- and primarily use my Nikon D70 now . I know how to get good photos from a camera , but this one is just too noisy to be useful in low-light . If you 're primarily going to be taking pictures outside during the day and can keep the ISO set at 100 , then this might work very well for you . Like I said , I really wanted to love this camera , but the noise problems were too severe . Unfortunately , it looks like this is a problem with all Panasonic digital cameras . Hopefully they can fix this in their next generation . I 'll be the first in line to buy a TZ2 if they can fix it !
 I own this camera since september2 2006 , works just fine until less than a year after I got it starts to work all wrong when flash is used.At outdoors is exceptional , great pictures when the light is good.Bad really dark and black pictures at indoors when the place has low light . The flash forced on , and still the pictures came dark , because the flash shut way before the lens , a syncronization problem . And it 's a pity because I was really pleased with it . But now I 'm very dissapointed and I want to buy another camera because I ca n't trust the DMC-TZ1 anymore at nights or indoor situations , and I do n't want to have a camera I can use just in some situations when daylight or good light is on .
 This is my last purchase of any Panasonic still camera or video camera . I have purchased five of them and none lasted more than 6 months . I was lured by the Panasonic point and shoot digital cameras having such comparatively long optical zoom lenses , but obsolescence is built in , with these cameras built not to last more than 6 months . There is no need to suffer with Panasonic any longer as the other manufacturers have caught up with optical zooms on the digital point and shoot cameras . There are two primary still camera manufactures
 Pro 's
 The camera took great pictures in daylight , but had some kind of flash sync problem that resulted in 75 % of flash pictures coming out completely dark . Since the problem did n't appear until a month after I purchased the camera I could n't return it to the store . Panasonic acknowledged the problem and I sent in the camera for repair.The repair will take a full month . They had to order a board from Japan . I find it ridiculous that they have no stock of spare parts in the US.This is my first Panasonic camera and likely my last . I 've been very happy with four Sony digital cameras in the past .
 Photos are not sharp and the exposure , except for outdoors is sketchy and poor at best .
 I have owned this camera for 13 months and recently it began taking terrible photos when using the flash . I did a search online and found out it is a common problem that usually occurs after several months of use . The flash and the shutter get out of sync.I called Panasonic and they said they knew about the problem , but it was not covered by warranty . They want $ 180 + for the repair.DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ! It will work fine at first ... and mine still does take awesome day photos ... but eventually the flash and shutter will get out of sync and you will be extremely disappointed and unable to use this camera for any indoor photos or other photos that require a flash.If you do n't believe me , Google `` Panasonic DMC-TZ1 flash problems '' or `` Panasonic DMC-TZ1 flash sync problems '' .
 After doing a lot of research on epinions , amazon , and a half dozen digital camera review websites , it sounded like the TZ1 was the perfect camera for my needs . I have been an avid amateur photographer for many years and enjoy using manual as well as automatic point-and-shoot cameras . I was looking for a small camera with a large optical zoom to take with me on hiking and backpacking trips . After purchasing the camera , I noticed right away that the picture was out of focus about 50 % of the time in simple mode . I reviewed the manual several times thinking I was doing something incorrectly , however to no avail , as the the focus continued to be unreliable no matter what settings I changed . To me this makes the camera virtually worthless . To add to this however , the camera 's white balance sensor is very poor and I found that when taking a picture with anything light in color , the light areas are completely washed out in the picture . I am very disappointed with this camera and regret buying it . It now sits in a drawer in the spare bedroom filing cabinet and I have reverted to using my older Cannon point and shoot because at least I can count on the picture being in focus . Do n't waste your money on this product !!!!
 The reviews I read on Amazon made the camera sound great , although reviews on other sites complained of poor picture quality . My mistake was believing the Amazon reviews . I wanted to like this camera , it is beautiful , jewel-like , and a pleasure to hold . Operation is a bit difficult due to reflections on the lcd display . But the clincher was the picture quality . More than half of the pictures I take in any situation are out of focus . I majored in photography in college and know how to hold the camera still . The focus is poor even in photos at the wide angle setting , depending on the lighting conditions . Very disappointing ! I have a Nikon D70 and Canon S400 so perhaps my standards are high , but this puppy is in a box and on its way back .
 I bought this and it worked for about 3 hours average . It died and never turns on . I tried changing batteries but did n't help .
 The power switch works inconsistantly - after using for two months . Best chance of power staying on is to hold the swtich down while vacuuming . It blows so much air that you have to sneak up on dust bunnies or they fly away . It does n't work well on tile floors , leaving dirt in the grout unless you repeatedly go over the floor . I replaced it with a Hoover S2220 that I 'm very happy with .
 The vacuum is quite good . It 's light and very easy to maneuver and has good power considering its size . Yes , the power cord is a little short but all you 'll need to do is buy an extension cord dedicated to the cleaner.The problem is Sanyo 's Service ... The little plastic pin that holds the nozzle in place broke after a few times of using the crevice tool . It is such an easy part to identify and replace that I thought I could get a replacement shipped to me . Not really ... I quickly discovered that I had no choice but to bring the appliance in for repair . And that the closest service center was more than 50 miles away.I called the shop hoping they could order the part in advance but no way . I had to go there and leave the appliance with them.It took almost 4 weeks to get it repaired ... Next time I have a problem with it I will seriously considering discontinuing it and buying a new one from another manufacturer.I strongly recommend to check where is the closest service center before you buy any Sanyo appliance !
 I needed just a little light to assist on some tight shots . I could have trained a monkey to sit on top of my camcorder with a lighter and it would have been brighter than this thing . Spend the extra money on something else . I heard the Sunpak was good .
 These filters sort of do what they are expected but they are of such low quality that sharp pictures are largely out of the question . The lens and frame both have very low design standards , lack coatings that prevent reflection/fringe , and are threaded in a manner that can cause them to become stuck on an adapter.Spend the few extra bucks on a decent quality Hoya or B&W ; polarizer/clear protection filter , they are worth every penny and the S3 can be set to compensate for most indoor lighting situations.HOYA 52MM CIR - POLARISING FILTER GHoya 52mm DMC PRO1 Clear Protector Digital Filter
 there is no clear effect on pics more than protect the lens . It is not a good deal
 it was a dark night , with a man burning the midnight tungsten and tapping on his keyboard . reaching up to plug in this drive , a bump was heard as the hard drive knocked into the laptop stand.to make a long story short ... night gets darker as man realizes that the tapping noise , and red light in the back of the drive indicates the death of 150 gigabytes.if you buy this drive , cover it in bubble wrap .
 Nice tv until it dies . Mine died at 21/2 years of use . Just not worth the cost . We paid $ 700 for it . You can get better cheaper .
 I bought this through Tiger as a refurb unit . It lasted about 2.5 years of light duty usage before it crapped out . If I had known it was from Philips I would n't have bought it . I 've not had good luck with Philips/Maganavox branded TV products .
 This TV/computer monitor gave us great pleasure for 3 years , but then one night as I was speaking with my wife , it just went blank . Professional computer technicians confirmed that the only option I had was to send it back to Dell , who would kindly replace it for about $ 400.00 . Well , these days , for $ 400 , you can probably do much better . Sigh-oh-nara , Dell-sold , Phillips products .
 I purchased a Samsung television about eighteen months ago . Two weeks ago the picture became all distorted . Since my television warranty was through Circuit City I had no choice but to call a television repair person out to look at it . As soon as he walked in the door he knew what the issue was . He told me that the part would cost almost as much as the television and that his recommendation was to throw away the television and purchase another one . After doing some research I discovered that there were quite a few Samsung televisions that were going out and that the parts were on backorder for about a month . Samsung was also not helpful . I trying to discuss this with SamsungTweets on Twitter , but he blocked me when I asked why nobody called me like he said they would . The only other answer I got from Samsung was that I needed to take it to a service center ; this is after I told them that a television repair person had looked at it . From what I can tell from looking on television repair forums , Samsung televisions look to be pretty flakey .
 ALl the reviews so far have been directly after the purchase of this CD player . At first this CD player was amazing , for the price it put out a good sound , and overall good deal . But now it 's been a few months and its been a horrible expeirence . First the paint has completly worn off , my CD player and headphones look a nasty worn off blue colour . Second , Ive sent this player into be replaced two times , and guess what its not working again ... . Im not sure , the lid crushes to easily and the motor to spin the CD break due to the preasure ... . The headphones were nice but now but dont play the correct freaquency , I hear the background singing ... . overall a BAD product . Comon RCA fix this baby ... i was sadly disapointed . i really wanted to like this CD player . But I have to warn you all against it ! This is a true review , the thing is broken sitting next to my keyboard ... . and for final note , this CD player had mostly just stayed in my bedroom , and on a few occasions in my backpack , ive been gentle with it ... . and it sill broke down , i wasnt mountain climbing or droping it on the ground multiple times ...
 I got this CD player 2 months ago . Two days into the 3rd week , it broke . The paint also started to wear off of the buttons . I would not recomend this item . DON `` T BUY IT !
 I have owned a number of HP printers over the years . In fact this replaces an older one that just happened to run out of both ink cartridges at the same time . I thought why not get a newer one then . Anyway , the paper capacity is low -LRB- something around 20 sheets at best -- not 80 -RRB- . It prints slowly -LRB- no where near the 14 ppm that it claims on my computer -RRB- and fairly loudly for an inkjet printer -LRB- should be next to silent , but this sound kind of jerky -RRB- . I has a fairly cheaply made feel to it . Interestingly , the `` 50 sheet output tray '' -- there is n't one . The pages fall right on top of the input paper . The ink cardridges -LRB- it only comes with a color -- optional BW is at your expense -RRB- are very small . So though the cartridges are a little bit cheaper , I seem to now only be getting maybe 100-150 typed pages out of them . Years ago I had an inkjet from a cheaper company . It disappointed me and I spent the little bit extra to go to HP and have n't ever been disappointed until now . This is really sad that HP would make something this badly designed .
 We 've always had HP printers and when ours got ruined in a move , we went and purchased another one . I realize that this was a cheaper model but was not prepared to find all the problems that I have with it . It always jams with multiple paper feed . Frequently , the light on the front blinks and the whole thing stops working . I have to pull the usb plug on the back to reset it . I 'm not happy with the purchase .
 If you 're considering this product , consider it no further , it is absolute bollocks . It always jams and the catriges cost almost as much as the printer does . Get a lazer printer and get a good one .
 Not a bad printer for $ 39 at Walmart ... very good print quality and nice features for a printer in this price range . But it eats ink like crazy . When the cart gets low on a multiple print job you have to do each copy manually which is very inconvenient . I can get only about 20 pages of a full color document before the low ink -LRB- color -RRB- comes on . These companies that make the cheapo printers know that their dollar is going to come from ink cart sales ... $ 48 for a black cart and color cart at Target ! At these prices I 'll go broke .
 Why would anyone sell a printer that does not come with black color cartridge ? I have to spend an extra $ 20 for black color cartridge . Do NOT fall into this trap .
 I had almost decided to buy this printer -LRB- or the 3745 model that includes the black ink cartridge too -RRB- until I started comparing ink cartridge volumes . I 'm replacing my HP660C that lasted a little over 10 years ... a wonderful little printer . Its cartridge -LRB- black -RRB- holds 40ml of ink and costs just under $ 30 . This printer 's cartridge holds just 10ml and costs just under $ 20 . I 'm going to keep searching for an HP printer that uses ink cartridges 26 or 29 , both of which hold 40ml .
 Paper jam , every time . It 's pretty amazing , this printer can suck in 10 pages at a time , not 1 page at a time , as a printer is suppose to . It jams half way , all the way , one page , two pages , 10 pages . So many variations - just to screw your day.Don ' t get it .
 Very disappointed in the quality of this product . The screen is extremely dim , and additionally it has other rand issues that will come up . I 'd recommend a Ziga screen instead .
 1 tiny page of instrustions , printed on just one side . Very frustrating.Also , as another reviewer pointed out , you cannont connect this to your pc ... only a thumbdrive . There is no software included with the frame.This screen is nice and big , but overall its been a frustrating experience .
 I have been very disappointed in this frame . The display is dim and blurry . This frame has taken my 8 megapixel photos and made them look like old grainy photos . The aspect ratio is wrong which means that you are not getting the benefit of a 9 '' screen unless you crop every picture . If you display them straight from the camera , you lose an inch on each side due to the aspect ratio . At least it does n't stretch them to fit and therby distort the image but the screen does n't have the correct resolution for pictures .
 My husband ordered this frame at a local electronics store as a Christmas gift . After a month and a half , I was very excited to pick it up today . My excitement was short lived . In the box was the frame , an ac adapter and a small 1 pg manual . The manual inside the box stated that is comes w / a remote and a usb connector . At first I thought they were just missing form the box , but after looking at the frame I noticed that there was no place for a usb connector.I took it right back to the store and requested a refund !!
 Ordered two of these as gifts - expected to easily be able to transfer pictures from my computer to frame since it was advertised as coming with a USB port adapter . Not so . The adaptor included is not a USB standard size but for a flash file . Also , one of the two boxes arrived with no adaptor at all .
 After a lot of agonizing over which digital frame to get I chose this one . I guess its OK but it is n't what I expected it to be . For one thing it did n't come with any instructions or info on how to set up the photo 's on the memory card or how to put some of them into it 's limited internal memory . I read reviews that said it would show several 100 to 1000 's of photos on one 512mg SD card . I cant get it to show more than about 120 photos and only those on the card that are not in a folder and only in one long slide show . I cant get it to show anything in separate folders or sub-folders . As for the mp3 playing I have n't tried that yet.Picture quality is OK and it only takes extra time to load them if they are very large . If you re-size them for the size of the screen they load OK . Overall I 'm disappointed in it for what it cost me . But I guess that we are n't supposed to want very much out of something that 's a little over $ 100 any more .
 I bought both the Axion AXN-9700 7-Inch Widescreen LCD Digital Picture Frame and Coby DP772 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player in the same time.Comparing it to Copy its just not the value for money , the colours arent that good so if you want to put the frame on a desk or table the people around wont have a good luck unless they take it and stare at it to realize whats the pic . about.in summary you dont want to spend this money on something not that value.try other brands i suggest
 I 've only had experience with the Pandigital 7 and 8 inch models and the Axion 9 inch - so this all have have to compare with . The Panditigals are SO easy - just link to your computer and your done . Do n't need a memory card at all -LRB- as long as you reduce the storage , there 's lots of built-in storage -RRB- . The 7inch widescreen automatically adjusts the photos to widescreen so there are n't any bars on the right and left sides.After saying that about the Pandigitals , here 's what I have to say about the Axion . I bought this because it was only $ 99 - `` What a deal , '' I thought when buying it in May 2007 -LRB- compared to the $ 80 7 '' and $ 130 8 '' Pandigitals -RRB- . But if you are going to show more than 20 photos -LRB- regardless of size -RRB- , you HAVE to use a memory card - so figure that into your costs if you need to buy a new one . Here 's are some of my thoughts : The Look - It 's a widescreen - a little less than 8 '' by 5 '' . The `` wood '' frame is plastic and I do n't really care for it . There 's a black plastic inner border that is nice to help mask the photos that do n't come all the way to the edge.Uploading photos - If you do n't care about black blank `` bars '' being on the right and left side of your photos , then this is a great deal for you but you really do n't get the full advantage of the screen size . If you bought an 8 '' screen , you would n't have to deal with this model 's widescreen `` bars '' issue and you get about the same screen space in the end . I found the `` bars '' distracting and could n't not figure out how to fix this consistently via the frame 's program . Therefore , I took the time consuming effort to edit each photo to a wide frame size . Shutterfly Studio -LRB- downloadable for free -RRB- allows you to do this at 16x5 . Then I reduced the resolution to 72 dpi . I even changed my portrait sized photos into landscape widescreen size since they really look better . The slide show mode does not shuffle the photos . However you load them is the same order they are shown , over and over . One nice thing about this unit is if you saw a photo that you want to see again and want to go back to it , it 's easy to press the back button to see it again . When in the slide show mode , the fading between one photo and the next is the same it scrolls on from the top to the bottom . There 's no variation -LRB- the Pandigitals offer variation -RRB- . The Mechanics - It comes with some kind of chord but it does n't fit into a computer . Not sure what you 'd use it for but you ca n't directly connect with the computer to the frame . I guess since you really need a memory card to put lots of photos on , it does n't matter . I needed to connect my computer to my camera , load the photos and then pull the disk out and put in frame . The remote control is nearly completely useless . The receiver is behind the unit and you need to point it directly at it to make it work . Fortunately all the buttons found on the remote are on the back too . There 's no spot to store the remote in back of the frame . I found maneuvering through the menu functions rather difficult and frustrating . Once you get the photos formatted , loaded , and running , it 's nice but it 's lots of effort to really make it look good . The screen is like a screen on a laptop - you can touch it -LRB- there 's nothing protecting it -RRB- and when you touch it , it 's kind of springy.I hope this helps you know what you might be purchasing .
 I got this a couple of days before Christmas and found it did not come with a remote . I was also VERY dissatified with the unit not havining the USB ports.It works nice with black and white photos after resizing . Microsoft has a nice FREE resizer.Overall for the money I guess it is a good buy if you know what to expect . If I had it to do over I would pay a little more for a unit that had all that I wanted ... I guess MOMMA was right , You get what you pay for ...
 I ordered this digital frame for a friend of mine for Christmas specifically because the brown color shown in on Amazon web site photo matches color of her furniture . There was no other color option when I placed the order so I was sure that brown was the only available color . However , the one shipped to me was in black . When I called the company that sold the item via Amazon , I was told that the long retired old model was only in brown color and the new model is only in black . Since black does n't match my friend 's furniture color , I have to return it . I wish that Amazon had updated the product photo and description to reflect it 's actual features so that I would not waste my time ordering and returning the item with incorrect color .
 I 've only had this a few days , so I ca n't comment on reliability . I 'd probably return this if it was n't so close to Christmas and did n't have time to get another gift.Things I like : - The picture quality is pretty good - The screen is large - You can put your camera 's SD card in , and it finds subdirectories on the card and displays the picture -LRB- or at least it works that way with my Casio -RRB- . Things I do n't like : - The resolution is NOT 640x480 as described . It is 800x480 . Wider than 640x480 , but nonstandard . So if you upload a picture with standard 4:3 image ratio , there are dark gray -LRB- black but not true black -RRB- bars on the side . You really have to crop the pictures to have them look good . - Only holds 20 pictures on internal memory -LRB- not dependent on size , it has a hard limit in the UI -RRB- . Plan on buying an SD card . - The directions are not very good . - The UI is hard to work with , but eventually I got through it OK . - The USB port is just to connect to a thumb drive or similar -LRB- not to your computer -RRB- . This turns out to not be such a problem , because you 're going to have to get an SD card anyway so the USB is not very useful.Things I did n't try : - Multimedia features
 The product was very poor quality . The refresh of the pictures was very slow and not worth it . I had to return it - it was a gift and was going to be embarrassed.I have since bought a Kodak and liked it very much - the idea is good however this is not the frame to buy .
 For a cheap first try into digital frames , this one 's not too bad . However , there are reasons why it 's cheaper - most importantly , the screen quality is nowhere near good , at all . Pictures are blurry and colors too shiny . Pictures also take a good 5 seconds to show up in the slideshow mode . Other than that , the frame itself is cheap plastic , and there is no USB port , which is a huge bother . I guess it 's a cheap mistake - but it 's sure a better idea to spend some more money and buy a frame where pictures show up as they should .
 I have two 8 '' picture frames that are other brands , and they are GREAT and I use them for Open Houses all the time ! I got this one as a gift from a friend , and it is terrible !! The instructions are difficult to understand . The wide screen makes everyone in the picture look FAT and distorted ! This is a weird size and I am not happy at all !! I do n't recommend it .
 When I bought this , it was the most affordable digital picture frame so I thought to give it a try.Unfortunately , the pictures did not turn out as good as I had hoped.I even resized it so that it does n't have to resize itself but 480 x 234 pixels does n't really help.I realized that I had to go for about an 800x600 pixels to get a quality that I can accept so I returned it.The only good thing was that you can put batteries in it to make it mobile unlike many other frames .
 When you load it up with pictures , choose you custom settings , and give it to your granny ... You will find that your custom settings are forgotten every time it is unplugged . This is inexcusable !
 This digital picture frame is probably the biggest money-waster you will ever have . I have just received one as a gift and nothing works on it . The screen is supposed to be touch-sensitive but it is not ; the buttons have response time of well over 2 seconds ! By the time the `` copy '' button activates the `` copy '' screen , the picture I wanted to save on the digital frame has moved on ... furthermore , once the option does come up , it wo n't go away and I can not even see the next 2 pitures showing . I have not been able to save any of my pictures on the built-in memory ! The picture quality is very poor ! In the age of flat screen monitors , this is a BIG junky ! Save your money !
 Reason why this product is not recommended by me : The transitions between photos takes too long -LRB- 2.5 - 3 -RRB- seconds.It is not as smooth as the other brands I 've seen in stores.I put 2 different kinds of SD cards in the unit to view my photos.After taking the cards out , all of the photos were destroyed and can be only viewed by using the axion unit . I tried every means possible to retrieve or fix the photos . I tried Bad Disk Pro , various card readers , everything . I also did everything I could to figure out where I could send the unit for repair , but Axion has very little to no info online . Stay clear of this unit and this company .
 Bought 1 Item and got some cheap junk ... . item was completely different from what was pictured ... . picture quality was like garbage !!!!!
 yes it displayed all of the pictures once , in a wide format that is not very high and is a bit grainy . I have owned a Philips from several years ago that had a much superior display . Then the real disappointment
 First off , the frame was black , not brown as displayed in the picture , which was a major reason why I bought this item in the first place . After we had plugged in the memory card and turned it on , it only worked 3 times before it stopped displaying the pictures . It would say slideshow but show a blank blue screen . I do n't know if we just happen to buy a lemon product , but as a result I will not buy any Axion product ever again .
 I sent an email with the following question to customer service : `` Which formats may I play on Axion AXN6079 7-Inch Twin Monitor Portable DVD System ? `` First email answer : `` This unit will play most formats . '' Signed by Reginald K. Johnson.Asked again : `` Will you be so kind to tell me exactly which formats does it play ? There are more than 30 video formats ... Textual Answer : `` All excerpt VCD 's . '' Signed by Reginald K. JohnsonThird email
 Just opened to get ready for christmas and was disaapointed . No remote , as discribed , no instructions to get the pictures to fit `` full '' frame . RETURNING this frame . Went and got a similar frame for 10.00 more and just put the SD card in and I had to do nothing . A review below tells you how to size your photos , but what a hassle . This frame will be my first return to Amzaon after many purchases .
 I bought this for my wife at Christmas after doing a search for frames with a USB port so that she could load some of the pictures that she has stored on her laptop . The original description said it came with a remote and the port , actually it came with neither . All in all the picture quality is decent for the price , the flash storage is something that you usually do n't find on frames in this range , and now I see that I was n't the only person taken in by false advertising .
 Length :
 I was very disappointed by the performance of this product . I have used it twice , both with poor results , and it is now being returned . I had difficulty with it playing a few songs , shutting itself off , and refusing to play again without a lot of coaxing . Once I get it started again it will do the same thing . I found it was also tempermental about forwarding to the next song , and on the first time out it was skipping by song # 3 . It 's too bad , because when did work , it seemed like a nice player .
 I would give this no stars if I could . Do n't waste your money . It cuts itself off repeatedly and often will only play half a song , sometimes it wo n't play the cd at all . I 've had this only a week and I am already wanting to throw it away .
 I have had nothing but problems with this CD Player , and I have had experience with two different RP2422 units . i would give it zero stars if Amazon allowed me to . The antiskip function , which is supposed to be on all of the time , stops working . Believe the other comments ! On the first rp2422 I bought , the antiskip failed the day after I bought it . I returned it to the store and exchanged it for another , only to have the same problem pop up about a month later on that one.I believe that this product has some design flaws and would stay away from it like the plague . Please save yourself lots of frustration and look at a different model -LRB- at this point , I 'm not entirely sure if it would be a good idea to buy a Thompson/RCA personal CD player in any case -RRB- . If you do n't care about the antiskip , this actually could be a good choice , as it plays CD-R 's and CD-RW 's , and has a nice remote . I just feel , however , that there are much better choices elsewhere .
 The CD player is really bad . Its anti-skip function does n't work at all . It sometimes skip even when I put it on the desk . It was broken only two days after I got it . Do n't waster money on it .
 Choose item for value , anti skip features and cable remote which my son planned to use while snowboarding . Unit did not function well from the start , skipped frequently even when stationary and remained stuck in fastforward mode . Was unhappy with unit and returned it .
 This product worked great , however the touch screen began getting dead spots after about three years of seldom use . I would guess that continuous use it would be even less . Replacing the screen is the only solution and that costs as much as the product itself . I recommend keeping the warranty up to date or not buying this product at all . I do n't think that three years is worth the money I spent on the product .
 Unbelievable that HP can put out miserable garbage like this.My * older * 1945 worked much more reliably than this.You can not rely on reminders to remind you , alarms to wake you , or notes to open on the fly when you need them.You can not even rely on the memory hogging system security add-ons ! Opening programs frequently cause the system to hang . Usually requires about 3 hard resets per day , and I do not have anything special installed ! BOTTOM LINE
 I bought this from HP 's website for my new job . One month later , for no reason the screen cracked . I kept it in a case and treat it delicately . You dont want to damage something so expensive.I put it down on the desk after work and it was working fine . The next morning the screen was cracked in three places . HP says that I must have damaged it and it took time for it to finally break , so I am out $ 400 . I have seen the same review for other HP iPaqs especially the HP 1900 series . Buyer beware .
 I have HX2415 for no more than 2 months , the screen crackedhey , I did n't drop and apply too much stress on the screenwell , I took the screen out from good old RX3115 -LRB- from HTC actually -RRB- , and replacedthen it has stablity problem , sometimes it do n't turn on , if you try to reset , it turns to hard reset : -LRB- recently HP PDA has screen cracking problemnow I have Dell X50V -LRB- also from HTC -RRB- , and work a lot better -LRB- except battery time -RRB-
 I purchased my HP2415 about a year ago . It worked fine for about 6 months . Then one day I took it out of my briefcase and tried to turn it on , nothing . I tried a soft-reset , nothing . So I plugged it into the cradle and found the main battery had been drained and the back-up never kicked in . Apparently it had turned itself on in my briefcase.So had to do a full reset and software install.Then it happend again a week later , same symptoms . So I called the HP people and they had me send it back to them . In about a week they sent it back to me and claimed it was fixed - the next day it did it again.So I sent it back again - they `` fixed '' it agian . 1 week after getting it back it did it again . I called HP and asked to have it replaced , they said no . The best they could offer was to `` fix '' it again.I am going back to Palm .
 wrong advertised info , the picture is what the product is , `` gloves '' . It is not an external drive , it is a pair of gardening gloves .
 I was on the bus listening to music and the bus went over a speed-bump and it BROKE ! Yes as we went over the bump the lid came off and it broke . Then we returned it for a new one and It 's buttons didnt work and the headset broke in 4 days ! Also the track skip is very bad , it skips every 10 seconds , litteraly . even if your sitting down and its setting on the table the slightest touch on it and it will skip to another song . THIS IS A RIP-OFF ! IT IS A WASTE OF MONEY DO NOT BUY !
 Christmas gift . At first I was thrilled . I 'd wanted the functionality of a digital organizer , but balked at the $ $ $ of Visors and Palm Pilots . The touchscreen on the Franklin RF-8110 is hard to read in different types of lighting , and it 's not very sensitive to the stylus . The words under the icons are blurry . There are 3 address books you can use , but you ca n't see all the fields of an entry at the same time ; you have to touch the down arrow to see the next field . It has a calculator and world time , and even a Euro converter , but it does not convert Euro < - > USD . Optional password is nice . One-touch memory check , change to daylight savings , switch between 12-hour and 24-hour time displays and language changer are all nice -- as is the slim , lightweight design . However , the instruction booklet is poorly written and fails to give clues about what the different icons at the top represent . There 's no picture of the screen showing all the menu items , etc. I can obtain a `` free '' PC link kit to use with MS Outlook , butI have n't gotten it because I 'm thinking of returning the organizer . For -LSB- the money -RSB- it 's not a bad deal , but if you think , as I did , that this would be a nice , cheap substitute for a Palm , think again . Unlike the Palm , of course , you ca n't program it or send email , but I did n't want those features either . All I wanted was a nice , inexpensive digital organizer with which I could store names/numbers/addresses , get reminded of scheduled appts , and enter simple todo lists . Spend the extra money on what you want.BTW , the detail on the larger picture is not exactly correct . For example , there are no numbers above the characters when you are entering a message . You have to touch the `` ABC/123 '' icon to get numbers , once you go there , then you touch a `` SYML '' icon to get symbols ... just a few , and it 's hard to tell what they are sometimes .
 Problem one
 This product is a peace of doo-doo : -LRB- Bought it for my daughter for christmas , never worked and the place I bought it from had no return info.So I ended up tossing it.Going by the other reviews , I am not the only unsatisfied costumer .
 I do not recommend this product to anyone unless you want a interesting paperweight . It will play for a day or two any audio cd but after 2 days it will not play any CDR-RW cd 's . You may still be able to play regular cd 's until it stops playing all together on the third day . The first one I bought worked for one day . I returned it got another one exactly like the previous version , make and model was exact . After three days I want to run over it to see if it will crush the pieces together and actually start working . I am highly disappointed after receiving a second one and still having a problem . All I want to do is listen to my music , in my home without having to take my other one out of my car . The one I have in my car I bought almost two years ago and have dropped it at least ten times and it still plays all the cd 's I have bought and made . I do not recommend any one buying this unless they want to waste time and money or just enjoy aggravation .
 Buyers and sellers must understand that there is a difference between Micro and Mini Cassette tapes . I am looking specifically for a mini recorder as I have some valuable old mini cassettes to transcribe but do not have a machine to do it with . The micro cassette is a slightly smaller tape and the mini tapes will not fit into the micro machine . The mini machines were mostly used to take dictation in an office setting and new they can be very expensive . This GE was advertised as a Mini Voice Recorder but actually was a micro and I had to go to the trouble of sending it back to the seller . Fortunately Amazon 's return policy is excellent and much appreciated . I have had to use it a couple of times before on different products without complications . Thank you amazon .
 I just bought the GE 3-5375 Recorder . I 'm using a MC-60 microcassette as recommended on the back of the box . Well the GE 3-5375 Recorder destroyed my microcassette along with some precious recordings on it because the recorder wheels are spinning counter-clockwise while microcassettes are normally designed to spin clockwise . I had to buy a brand new MC-60 microcassette , and my recordings are lost in oblivion . Since when are tape recorders spinning counter-clockwise ? They could at least have the common decency to warn us . At first I though technologies may have changed while I was sleeping in a cave . But if you look closely at page 8 of the user manual , in the illustration aside the third paragraph titled `` Quit Slacking '' , you clearly see that the arrow around the pencil is pointing in the clockwise direction . Clearly there is something wrong with this recorder . So I figure that engineers behind this cheap toy are dumb monkeys . Stay away from this GE 3-5375 Recorder , it 's a complete piece of trash .
 Do n't support France , Thompson/RCA is a French Company , send the French a message and buy a recorder from someone else ...
 I purchased this recorder to record voice only . I will use these tapes to record and listen to auto-suggestions during self-hypnosis . I found the machine easy to use but the noise recorded from , apparently , the machine itself is so distracting that it is not usable . In other words it self creates and records noise . During playback while I am speaking it is just barely acceptable . During pauses in speaking it is noisy and distracting to the point of irritation . I would have been willing to pay more for a recorder for this use but it was the only one available at the store I was in . Now I am searching for a machine with better quality audio . In the future I am sure I will switch to digital but tape is most functional for me at this point in time ...
 This compact recorder has jacks , controls and a counter . However , that 's where the attractivness ends . the noise from the gears that drive the tape is picked-up by the built in microphone producing a very poor quality recording .
 I purchased this cassette recorder because I wanted a small one with a full size tape . When I listened to the first recording that I made of a meeting , there was a constant hum or noise during the playback that clearly came from the recording mechanism . The recording feature is of such poor quality that I am surprised that this product is still on the market.My advice to anyone considering this recorder is to look at another brand . I returned the one I bought for a refund because in my opinion , it was worthless .
 I just recently bought one of these recorders , and it barely works at all . The first time I used it during an interview , the recorder only picked up ten or fifteen seconds of talking , and the rest was a high-pitched squealing noise that resembled a fire alarm . I 'm returning it as soon as possible . Maybe this was just a bad recorder , but I 'm not going to take my chances with a new one .
 I purchased this cassette recorder because I wanted a small one with a full size tape . When I listened to the first recording that I made of a meeting , there was a constant hum or noise during the playback that clearly came from the recording mechanism . The recording feature is of such poor quality that I am surprised that this product is still on the market.My advice to anyone considering this recorder is to look at another brand . I returned the one I bought for a refund because in my opinion , it was worthless .
 After two years using this IPAQ and long experience with PDA 's I can surely say that it is one of the most disappointing products I 've ever bought . The 2755 has excellent features but needs time to think what to do and where to go ... Imagine you are in your car and you receive an urgent call from your boss asking for a phone number , it is urgent . You open your 2755 and while you wait to get to the first screen you can tell your boss to play a complete tennis set.I had to erase software from my handheld to make it faster . The 1 gb card did n't help much . I 'm moving to an Axim and hope for better luck .
 Overall , great product with one major flaw . I have used this unit for 3 weeks and have experienced the following
 Turns itself on for no reason at times -- very frustrating when you go to use it and find the battery is dead . Soft reset is something you will do regularly -- especially three to five times after synchronization . I would definitely not buy an HP handheld again at this point.And , yes , I upgraded software , firmware , and synchronization software . Nothing changed . And , in hopes a new operating system and other upgrades would fix the problems , I let the one year warranty expire . That was a mistake . My previous Palm device was wholly reliable .
 I was looking to replace the swivel on my 310XT and read a review that this product would do it . It does not . I 'm sure it is adequate for the right product , but not for 310XT . - Mack
 I searched for Garmin 910XT quick release kit here in Amazon . This came up . I ordered it only to find out later that it wo n't fit the 910XT because it 's for the older and smaller Garmin Forerunner watches . I sent it back to Amazon for a refund .
 We 've used this mp3 player for about a month now , and I probably would n't buy this product again . I have two major complaints :1 -RRB- The biggest complaint is that it skips on both regular CDs and MP3 CDs , even when it is just sitting on a desk . If you replay the song , it does n't skip in the same place the second time .2 -RRB- MP3 song titles do n't scroll on the the little display , you just see the first 10 -LRB- ? -RRB- characters , which on my MP3s is the album name , so I ca n't actually select a song by name.Other less annoying issues include :3 -RRB- no shuffle play for mp34 -RRB- Takes a long time to start playing a disk .5 -RRB- The CD-loading space is narrow ; it 's difficult to get the CDs in and out of the boom box without touching the bottom surface .6 -RRB- Another reviewer mentioned how hot the disks get in the machine . It just seems strange , and makes me wonder if we 'll have reliability problems in the future.Another reviewer claimed that `` DirectCDs work '' , but this is only half true . You can put songs on a RW CD using Direct CD , then convert the CD to Regular CD format , but you can only do this one time per disk . The boom box can read only the first session on the disk -LRB- this is explained in the manual . -RRB- With just a little more software work , I think RCA could have a great product here . It seems like they rushed this out to market .
 MP3 CD Experience
 Skips and chirps way too much . Very annoying ! Repeats song phrases over and over and over . Has trouble sometimes locating MP3 songs and ends up playing the end of the previous MP3 song . Tried the same CD in another player and plays without any skips or chirps . It does n't have a shuffle or random mode for your MP3 's either . The FM signal is too weak . It 's too bad that this is not a good product since it does produce decent sound quality .
 1 -RRB- Will not see all songs on a CD . I have a country music MP3 CD of 180 songs , and it will only be able to access 167 of them . It wo n't see the last 13 . I also have a bluegrass music CD of 200 songs , and it only reads the first 179 of them . All files on both CD 's are in the root directory .2 -RRB- Reads ID3 tags -LRB- somewhat -RRB- , but the embedded software crashes if you try to scroll through the tracks to find the song you want -- you need to turn the radio off and back on again . Overall , VERY POOR embedded software design ! 3 -RRB- Audio skips occasionally when reading an MP3 .4 -RRB- Radio tuner will not receive all the stations that my other boombox does.The only good thing I can say about it is that has a good , loud , clear sound unlike many other boomboxes .
 First , let 's get the good stuff out of the way ... this boombox sounds reasonably good -LRB- well , better than expected at least -RRB- . It looks kinda neat -LRB- my wife hates it though -RRB- , has a remote , does n't waste space with an old-fashioned cassette player , and has a GREAT dot matrix display to communicate with you.I was thrilled that I had found such a perfect machine . That is , until I discovered a blatant feature omission ... it will not do shuffle -LRB- random -RRB- play on MP3 CD 's . This is absolutely unforgiveable.Also , it occasionally `` skips '' while playing MP3 tracks , but this is only a minor annoyance.In summary , I 'm disgusted that a unit possessing such well thought-out features as the thorough LCD display is lacking something as basic and essential -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- as random play . If it did have this feature , it would have gotten a solid 4 stars by me -LRB- 5 if they could get rid of the skipping problem -RRB- . RCA 's product designers made a big blunder here , and I will most likely return the unit because if it .
 Currently trying to send second unit back . FM did not work at all on the first one and CD player was intermittent . The CD player stopped working on the second one a few weeks after receiving it . Because of the problems , it is hard to rate it on sound quality . Works great as a paperweight . User interface is awkward at best . MP3 selection is not straightforward -LRB- as I recall from the first one -RRB- . Would not recommend unless you live next door to a service center .
 This system has trouble reading Mp3 CD 's as well as commercial audio CD 's . It lacks a shuffle feature for the MP3 's which means you have to listen to 100 mp3 songs on your CD in alphabetical order . It 's definately not what I expected and my expectations were high . I sent it back !
 I expected much better sound , even for the price . I bought a Philips Boom Box for my other son for less . That one sound sooooo much better ! This RCA sounds like it 's coming thru a tin can . Extremely disappointed !
 I just returned this camera after two weeks of usage . It was * much * worse than my last Pentax point & shoot . The autofocus on this camera is terrible -- I probably missed 10 Christmas and son 's birthday pictures because the autofocus claimed it could n't focus . -LRB- In darker areas , it uses a dinky white light to try to focus with . It did n't work well . -RRB- The zoom is also slow and jerky . And the worst part is the huge delay between the time you push the shutter and it taking the picture . I missed several other photos because the camera took a picture after the action had ended . The flash reach and recharge time was also poor , though all the new point and shoots seem to take a long time to recharge the flash.We just replaced this camera with a Pentax IQZoom 120SW . Better zoom , better autofocus , shorter shutter delay with about the same size and weight .
 I recently looked through your comments and decided on a Nikon despite the one comment about it being not ready to take shots . So , I got the Nikon 140 -LRB- very similar to the 120 -RRB- . I agree completely with the person who wrote about the 120 missing all of his shots . I tried the 140 at a graduation . I missed so many shots cause it could n't focus . Another complaint - even when it did focus , the shutter delay was so extreme that the kid had left the podium before the shot was taken . I got lots of pictures of kids walking away from the podium . I 'm going to look at the Pentax the other reviewer mentioned and the Minolta 150 . The Nikon is going back to the store ASAP . I have n't even seen the pictures it takes but was so frustrated using it that I really do n't even care how they turned out . I missed almost every shot I tried for anyway .
 I got this camera as a gift after my fuji discovery was stolen last year . I was expecting my second child and not in the mood to take pictures until she was born 6months later . Needless to say I should have taken pictures with this camera sooner , because it was too late to return it ! The pictures are horrible ! The camera does not focus fast enough to capture those split second funny faces a newborn makes ... I am very dissappointed in this camera . All of my pictures are blurry and of nothing significant . If I could I would return this camera in a heartbeat . I am now buying a new camera and giving this one to my three year old to `` play with '' .
 To think that I sold my Yashica t4 super for this is truely depressing . When I use this camera , I push the shutter button at just the correct moment only to have the camera hesitate anywhere from 1/2 second - 5 seconds . Sometimes it never does take the photo . With the zoom extended , the problem worsens . My friend bought one also and has the identical problem . I am now online to buy a replacement after only 3 months with this dog . Honestly , its the worst possible camera you could buy . Its a shame to see a once great camera company - Nikon - produce such junk .
 This camera is the worst ! I had a Pentax for years and was `` sold '' on this model at the store . Big mistake . Forget having crisp closeups except once every 14 or so photos . If you want big shots where the focus is on nothing this is the camera for you . I 'm trading this one in for another Pentax IQZoom . Do n't buy it - you 'll regret it . It 's so slow you 'll miss some of those priceless `` do n't miss '' moments .
 I got this for my wife based on my extensive experience with Nikon 's pro gear . It is a complete and unmitigated failure . All shots are over-exposed . Lens is not sharp . Tons of flare in adverse lighting situations . You have to teach yourself to hold the camera steady for a good long time to allow the -LRB- slower than molasses in January -RRB- autofocus to lock onto the subject . Once it is done acquiring what it feels is critical focus it renders perfectly out of focus pictures every time . It appears to focus five feet in front of the object . Close up pictures are off center and the parallax adjust in the viewfinder does not adequately compensate . I own a rangefinder camera so I am aware how to use this feature , it just does not yield accurate results on this camera . This camera is a bad train accident . I had no idea that Nikon was capable of such a travesty . It is not clear how some of the early reviews of this product were positive . Either the reviewers had different samples and Nikon changed their production technique -LRB- substituting ED glass with coke bottle bottoms -RRB- or the reviewers were paid plants for Nikon USA or they lack any redeeming photographic skill . It is interesting that all recent reviews are abysmal . Nikon really dropped the ball here . The camera did n't have to be great to satisfy me ; it simply takes horrible pictures and is in every way unacceptable .
 I bought this camera expecting it to replace an olympus stylus epic zoom 80 . The nikon had everything going for it
 In spite of the ED glass lens , which is supposed to render superior colors , this camera is not any good . It seems unable to focus properly , except for when the infinity focus option is selected . Also , most shots from a couple of test rolls came out overexposed , even under unchallenging lighting conditions . Aesthetics and ergonomics are nice . Controls are intuitive and easy , but what good do they do on a camera that is otherwise useless ? Yes , I know it is not an F4 but my advice is to look elsewhere . I thought I was going to replace my Olympus Stylus Epic . No way .
 I purchased this camera on the recommendation of a camera store owner because of some special lens it supposedly has . It does n't take any better pictures than other cameras I have owned and it is sooo difficult to get it to focus on anything ! I had a baby recently and most of my early pictures of her are completely blurred because of this camera 's inability to focus , especially close up . I 'm going to return it and trade it for a Pentax which always takes close ups well . I agree with the shutter release delay everyone else is having a problem with also .
 I had read some great reviews of this camera -LRB- on amazon -RRB- before I bought it , but now I see why the rating has changed from a 5star to a 3star . The lite touch seemed like an attractive feature , but its a pain . Its fine if you dont need to use the flash , but most of the time you have to keep clicking and watching an internal light go from green to red green to red . If you press for too long , you cant take the photo - if you dont press long enough , the photo opp . is gone -LRB- this has happened to me MANY times . Save the ... dollars and go with a pentax .
 It worked fine before being one year old.CD player keeps skipping . Now I 'm looking for another boombox .
 I bought this item to use while exercising . My main complaint is the lack of volume . The volume is just too low even on the maximum setting . This might be a good feature for you parents but it does not work for me .
 The FM tuner is pretty insensitive , but the sound quality is OK if you live near a strong FM signal.However , the AM tuner is quite good.Unfortunately , I 'm primarily an FM fan and will be looking for another radio.ALso , after owning this for about 3 months , there appears to be a short in the headphone cord .
 In the last review , the kid should have opened the windows of the van to let the smoke out.Bought 2 of those because of the digital format - nice feature . Returned them both as they did n't work.Available at Walgrens for $ 21.95 . Keep the receipt .
 Radio worked great for a couple weeks and then stopped working all together . Minimal use at office and it is already broken . This is a complete waste of money .
 I bought one of these to listen to the baseball games while at work . It quit working after about 2 weeks . Not good quality !
 I 've owned this radio for two years now , and have gotten used to most of its quirks . I like the number of digital presets -LRB- 10 AM , 10 FM -RRB- , and the small size . It fits comfortably in my pants or jacket pocket . I also like that it 's cheap.I do n't enjoy the persistent soft hissing noise , particularly noticeable when listening to talk radio . My biggest annoyance with the unit is the poor placement of buttons -- the on/off button and the up/down tuning buttons are huge , and the next/prev preset buttons are tiny . I end up hitting the up/down buttons pretty frequently when I want to hit next preset or previous preset . The designers did n't seem to realize that users of a radio with digital presets are unlikely to spend most of their time tuning in stations manually . Unlike other small radios I 've owned , the radio does n't have a `` lock '' feature , to keep the unit from getting turned off or mistuned . This is annoying , as it gets bumped often enough , and I need to keep resetting it.The RCA RP1667 is n't a horrible radio , but I definitely would n't buy it again .
 I picked up this unit 'cause it seemed most highlyregarded in its class here on Amazon . The thing isnot a very impressive little toy , IMHO.I keep it on MONO all the time in order to cut downon static from bad reception . Even the most powerfulstations -LRB- e.g. KQED in the SF bay area -RRB- are regularlyinterrupted by static.The reception is simply poor . Everything else aboutit seems okay - I even think the sound is pretty goodwhen it comes in -LRB- and I can be picky about that -RRB- . Since I use this for walking the dog , I expect it tocome to an unfortunate early demise . At that time Iplan to try something else .
 While not the absolute worst AM/FM radio that I 've ever purchased , it 's pretty darn close . -LSB- I should point out that I 'm very picky about such things -RSB- That being said , I think that a lot of people would actually be quite satisfied with this radio -LRB- as some reviews show -RRB- . THE BADOne reviewer points out the hissing noise this radio makes . Simply unnaceptable ! It 's certainly extremely noticable when listening to AM radio at low volumes . And as it so happens this is precisely what I wanted this for . It absoultely ruins the experience . Very bothersome/irritating to say the least . It makes me simply not want to listen.The other major problem I have with this radio is the sound quality . Not great by any means -- even when using better quality headphones . The best way I can describe it is just really brittle and thin . A much better sounding radio is the much CHEAPER Sony SRF-59 . The sound on that radio is simply amazing in comparison . The only possible drawback being that it 's all analog -LRB- which I 've grown to enjoy actually -RRB- . I only wish I had checked that one out before I got this one.THE GOODSeems fairly durable . Among the cheapest available with a digital tuner.CONCLUSIONIf you are n't too picky about sound quality and absolutely must have a digital tuner for whatever reason , then this may be for you . Otherwise STRONGLY consider one of the many better sounding , cheaper , analog radios available .
 I bought two . One failsed after 4 weeks and the second after 10 weeks .
 The camera worked fine for 3 months , then I could not get the pics into my PC . The problem is the cameras ' USB cable port or some internal connector issue . After 90 days you have a PARTS ONLY WARRANTY . Labor costs $ 90 -LRB- plus S&H -RRB- . My palmcorder also broke recently -LRB- $ 200.00 -RRB- so I am now finished with Panasonic . Good features , but low manufacturing quality .
 The glove was the product send not onkyo stereo TX-8011 black I just dont under stand why they send me glove
 You do n't get a Onkyo receiver you get a pair of gloves with $ 18 shipping charge ! My dad always said if its too good to be true it 's probably not true ! Or there is no such thing as a free lunch ...
 Until this ad for a Onkyo Receiver is fixed , it is an ad for a pair of gloves and the written description is not what you will get . I called the seller , got my money back and shipping costs to boot , so I do recommend this seller , Tool King , out of the Denver area as a seller you might like to do business with , but tools or gloves would be the product you might want to seek . Good seller , bad ad .
 If there is negative star , I will give it minus five stars because I did not receive this ONKYO Stereo Receiver at all . I was cheated .
 THESE GLOVES WERE DOA ! ONKYO I HAVE BEEN A LOYAL CUSTOMER , AND WAS JUST LOOKING FOR DECENT STEREO GLOVES FOR THE INEVITABLE STATIC STORM HITTING THE EAST COAST CHRISTMAS DAY ... LOOKS LIKE I 'LL HAVE TO HIT BB 'S MONEY-DRAINING B&M TODAY TO FIND GLOVES THAT CAN GET SOME SORT OF RECEPTION .
 Had the camera for 6 months . Already has needed to be repaired twice . Repairs take over a month . Poor camera . Poor company .
 My Nikon Lite Touch 140 was fine until the zoom broke shortly after the 1-year warranty expired . I take care of my camera , so it was not my fault . The $ 70 bill was disappointing . A little latter the cord snagged a corner and tore open a metal cover , so again I had it repaired at my expense .
 After owning an Olympus Stylus for 6 years , we decided to `` upgrade '' to the Nikon 140 . Wow , were we surprised at the low quality . The camera ikons blinked inappropriately and the pictures came out worse than I ever imagined . The auto focus feature for up close photos looked like the people were hiding behind clouds.We are now going to try the Minolta 160 . They seem to have more features as well .
 13 months after I purchased this camera , it froze up.Would cost $ 147 to repair . The manuel suggest a new a battery , which didnt do any good . Camera was never dropped or mis-handled . When it was working it took great pictures . But 13months !!!!
 This remote may work well for the other iHome systems ; however , we bought it because it was recommended on the website that it was frequently bought with the iHome LED color changing cube . When we tried it , it would n't work . I called the iHome customer support center and they claimed that there is not a remote for the iHome LED color changing system . So I am going to return it for a refund . I can not review the remote 's capabilities since it would n't work for this iHome we have . I just wanted to let others know that they should n't buy any remote for the LED iHome color changing cube because there really is n't a remote for it .
 This product was advertised as being compatible with the ihome cube which i bought not too long ago . These remote controls ARE NOT COMPATIBLE WITH THE IHOME CUBE . I can not give an honest review of this product as it did not work with the latter . If it had i would have loved to have a remote control for the cube . The seller refunded my money , although i wish they had refunded my postage too , but o well . Not much to say really , this product does not work with the ihome cube ... Gave it one star so i could publish this review otherwise i would not have been able to publish this .
 I own an iHome iP46 and I love it . It recharges quickly and charges my iPod Touch - and it 's extremely light and portable . And best of all - it sounds great . The only thing preventing `` perfect item '' status was a -LRB- puzzling -RRB- lack of a remote control . I noticed one could order separately what seemed a common-sense inclusion , so I did . When it arrived in the mail , I quickly set about to opening it . This proved a Herculean task as I cut through what seemed like diamond-encrusted plastic . I excitedly thought this remote control must spin magic to warrant such an arduous journey . I stood across the room and pointed - click . Nothing . Click-click . Still nothing . Not even a light . I fussed with the remote settings on my iHome . Nothing but dead air . What a disappointment.I sent it back , hoping to get another that actually operated like the 1990 's - era artifact that it is . Over a week later , I heard nothing from the company . I finally emailed them asking if they had received it . They said no and asked for a tracking number . I gave it to them and suddenly it was in their mailbox . The guy then immediately tells me they have issued me a refund . I say , `` No ! I did n't want a refund - I wanted one that works ! '' He says it 's too late and I have to buy the item again in order to get it . This all happens within one hour . I tell him to forget it.Bad product . Bad customer service . The iHome is great though . What is it about this company that they treat the remote control like it 's gold freaking bullion ?? It 's just a remote ! Put it in the box with the product , freaks !
 Bought this to go together with the Impod clock radio docking station for my grandaughter because it was suggested on the Amazon site that they be purchased together . Unfortunately , they are not compatible and wont work together Amazon should update their site .
 I ordered this product because Amazon mentioned that this remote was often purchased with the cube . I should have done more research because if I would have I would have read that the cube does not have a remote that works with it . Do your research before you purchase . Not really sure if the remote works because it does not work with the speaker I purchased it for . The one star rating is more for Amazon than for the remote itself .
 With we purchased the iHome iH15 LED Color-Changing speaker system , the Amazon web site said people also bought the IHOME IHR5 remote control , which indicated that they worked together . The speaker system DOES NOT have a remote function . Amazon even exchanged the remote when we told them it did not work , instead of letting us know that the remote would not work with the speaker system .
 I bought this remote for my iH5 version . It claims to just work when you get it , but I seemed to be having some trouble . After checking the battery and making sure it was all set , I was still confused as to why it would n't work . There were no helpful reviews online either . Turns out , according to some instructions -LRB- NOT INCLUDED !!! -RRB- you have to aim it at the grill on the right hand side . This only works if you are within about 6 inches from it , and even then it 's SOOOOO particular , it 's like it 's a tiny dot you have to find for the iHome to respond . If you really wan na press it 100 times before you get that longer distance assistance , go ahead . Otherwise , you might as well get up and change it yourself because the remote wo n't do it for you . Definitely not worth the money , would not recommend .
 You wo n't find this documented anywhere , but apparently this remote only works when the iHome is plugged in and powered . If you are unplugged and running off the battery it does not work . I assumed this was a defect and contacted iHome customer support . I was told that was expected behavior . Nice . I was really hoping to remote-enable the iHome on the patio but that dream is dead.This remote generally worthless for my intended use .
 Has n't worked from time I received . No directions , not sure if it compatibility issue or battery . I do n't want to invest in battery if this will never work.Very disappointed
 I bought this on ebay . Said it had been used but did n't really look like it . When I got it i tried it out and it would n't work . I 'm thinking its the battery but how to change it ? Is it the little compartment on the bottom ? If so , it wo n't open .
 I honestly have to have the remote 3 inches away from the device in order for it to work .
 I ordered this item from Amazon but got iHR5 instead . I notified Amazon and they promptly issued a return auth and processed getting the correct item to me . I then received another iHR5 . Amazon concluded that they could not fill my order and issued a refund . I do n't know if they have this item or not .
 Do not buy this remote ! We puurchased off of Amazon to use in conjunction with an iHome docking station we had and it does n't work . The remote is so flimsy that it broke while trying to remove the battery cover to see if it was missing the battery . We ca n't return it now because it fell apart trying to determine if it came with a battery . Very flimsy product and does n't work as a remote . Very disappointed . Did I mention what a piece of crap it is ?
 This is the second item we have purchased in the past for the I home that has n't worked . No more .
 I bought this remote because it stated on Amazon that it wad frequently bought with the ihome that I purchased but when I received it . The remote did n't work with my ihome but it works with my friend ihome system . how is that even possible ? Is there a way to sync the remote to my iPod . I 'm confused and need help
 This item is junk ! Never worked straight out the box , even went out and bought new batteries ! I would definitely not recommend this product for purchase .
 It just does n't work on my iHome . I inadvertently threw mine out with the packing from a cross country move . This one clearly is the wrong one for my model . I would have returned it if I had n't thrown out the packaging . I did n't see anything on the amazon site about which models this works with . I guess I will just throw it out . I would n't have given it any stars but I was forced to .
 I bought this remote because it was reccomended for the Ihome I was buying the remote did not work with that ihome or the ihome ih5 . Very unimpressed with this seller , would not use them again .
 This product is advertised as a companion product to the iHome cube . Guess what ? It does n't work with the iHome cube . What a waste of time and money .
 I have tried two and cant get either one to work , I give up . The product feels flimsy , I tried changing batteries but still got nothing
 I work out and run frequently and these headphones were a waste of my money ! If you push on the bottom accidently , it will reset all your stations , which will take about 10 mins to reprogram . Then , the ear phones do n't work for very long . One does n't work at all , and the other is full of static ! Do not recommend !
 Well the Emerson Personal AM/FM Radio HR2001 was ok if you want a low cost radio but has poor reception and the battery door can come loose if the unit is jaring around . I would suggest using another pair of ear/head phones than the ear phones supplied . Other than that the radio is decent and works verry good .
 Would not even give this a one star except that I have no choice in the selection for this reveiw format . This is easily the worste radio I have ever purchased . Did not even pick up major market stations , in a major metropolitan area , within less than 10 miles from the tower , outside , on a clear day , without loosing the station . Save yourself the trouble of purchasing and then returning this one and try a better radio .
 Although this player was compact and the sound was decent , the battery life was just awful and it was useless within two months . This radio was n't manhandled . It 's my office radio and does n't leave my desk . For some reason , if I let this sit without use for a week to two weeks , the battery got completely drained . Now the `` lock '' feature is permanently on and wo n't disengage . Do yourself a favor and buy something else .
 I purchased this walkman when I needed something cheap to take on walks and runs with me . What I got was something cheap that sits in a drawer.I live in a large , metropolitan area and I could only get two or three of the radio stations I get in my car , house , etc. . It would spontaneously stop working , and sometimes would not start again , even after removing and replacing the batteries.Sadly , I can not think of a situation or person for whom this would be a good purchase . Please save your money , or spend a few more dollars to get a walkman that works .
 Had to exchange my first one as the FM band stopped working after a week . Target changed it with no questions , this one worked fine , reception is OK were the signal is good , do n't expect much out of town.I have found that batteries seem to run down even when it 's not on , so if you go a couple of weeks between uses , you will either need take them out or keep a new set handy , not good.As other reviewer have said , it 's OK , but your probably better off spending a bit more on a Sony .
 I had purchased this as an inexpensive radio to use at the health club . It was able to successfully pick up the signal from transmitters located several yards away , which was all that I needed . Sadly , about the fifth time I tried to use it I was unable to change stations , then silence . Either the unit died or battery life is less than two and a half hours , neither of which were acceptable .
 I bought this to use for workout at the Gym . . Would have been great if I could have picked up any local radio stations without a ton of static and cut outs . Taking it back today .
 This radio is terrible . It is very difficult to get reception in the health club , which I can accept . But even running outdoors I have difficulty picking up signals . It 's small , which is nice , but it does n't work very well .
 I would think twice about getting this fine looking little radio . I had a very hard time changing the stations because the buttons were so stiff . Also the batteries fell out the bottom on a regular basis which caused me to have to redo all my pre-set stations . I did like it because it was small and nice looking but I would think twice if you 're thinking of buying it .
 I bought the headphones with lanyard for light use at work . I did not hang my ipod from the lanyard -LRB- so no extra weight pulling on the cords -RRB- . It worked pretty well , although the movement of the wires against my clothing was fairly loud . Still worth the trade off , except the sound completely died in one of the earbuds after less than 2 months of use . Very disappointing .
 I really liked this product when I researched it . The sound was incredible for the price , however using them at the gym , and power walking revealed problems . My head sweats , this may be the reason why I lost my left channel , but not all the way . If I jiggle the wires the channel will play a bit . Also , its hard to distinguish the left , and the right because its etched into the silver part of the buds . In order to talk in the gym I have to take them out of my ears , so it was a problem . I could no longer use them because the left channel stopped working all together . I thought wow if its me sweating how come the right channel did not go out ? So I bought another pair locally . Two weeks later the same thing occured . The Rivets have a lifetime warrenty , but whats the point . I will send them to be fixed , but not rely on them as my primary earbuds . The company should consider making the earbuds without a lanyard so people have a choice , also making the product sweat resistant . When I researched earbuds in general I only found one company that offered sweat resistant buds , Sennheiser they are really green , and look weird . I think all buds should be sweat resistant since it sets in ones ears , Hello ! I 'm really surprised how little is out there for very active people .
 I received this keyboard today and I 'm returning it . The escape key and the spacebar are very wobbly . The A through G keys are completely non-functional , as is one of the volume keys . Too bad , because I like the simple look of the keyboard , and the USB ports are very nice.This product is cheaply made . Avoid it .
 I would give the majority of this keyboard 5 stars for smoothness of keys and the USB port . However , the spacebar is inexcusable . It wobbles and clicks loudly when pressed . It sticks and often will not depress while typing . For fast typers , this is is extremely aggravating . I have taken the spacebar apart several times to try to repair the little wire support to no avail . As soon as I can take this piece of junk back to the store the better . I do n't understand why it is so hard to find a decent keyboard these days . Is it because most are made in China ? I loved this keyboard until after using nit for two days the spacebar began its thing . A keyboard is pretty much useless without a proper functioning spacebar . Hopefully Matias can work on this defect and avoid customer returns .
 I bought this after experiencing disappointment with the Olympus iS-20 QD . I decided to just try and match as closely as possible my suddenly expired , beloved , ten-year-old Nikon Zoom-Touch . Well , whereas my old camera would get four or five stars , I only give this new one two stars for so-so . Using the Nikon One Touch 90 QD for a while now , I 've shot many rolls and had them developed at various photo centers to recognize the overall picture quality trend -LRB- in light of processing center variations -RRB- . Overall , the picture quality is not hardly as good as my old camera was capable of . Most pictures come out too dark . I 've used the same film speed recommendations for years as appropriate to the photo environment ; but for the first time am experiencing dissatisfaction with newer cameras -LRB- this and the aforementioned Olympus one -RRB- . I generally see too much contrast in light that I did n't see before , ranging from dark to darkest in my pictures , rather than light to dark . Throwaway cameras seem to have more reliable flashwork lately . I think the light sensitivity on these new guys are just wacked out or something . Many shots of people portray them as looking just plain dark and greasy . This is not how I want to remember these moments !! Another disappointment is the overall color quality . It is not nearly as pleasantly well-balanced as before , regardless of which photo shop develops the pictures.The most irritating part about these new cameras are their new `` smart '' ways of focusing in their search for horizontal and vertical lines ... I am now limited in my subject matter and can no longer do certain shots of chaotic compositions and expect the camera to execute the shot like before . For example , I ca n't even take a picture of a medium-sized , abstract painting I 've done and expect it to turn out.Some of these technological `` advances '' are just getting more limiting and sadly disappointing to me . I 've been using this camera for over a year now , but have decided to study the market better and see what I can find more satisfaction with . Or , if possible , just have the old guy fixed !
 I was hesitant to buy this camera because I had a previous model of the Nikon One Touch that only lasted a year . But the price was good , and it seemed to have the quickest response time -LRB- time between when I pressed the button and the picture actually took -- important for shooting an on-the-go toddler ! -RRB- It took FANTASTIC pictures for 3 months , clear , great focus , easy to use . Then the lens started not opening up all the way , I would have to manually pull it open . did n't realize that at my daughter 's bday party and got a roll of fuzzy pics back . Now I have a roll of film stuck inside of it from Halloween , it wo n't rewind , new batteries , everything . I wo n't be buying a Nikon anymore .
 IT LOOKED OLD AND OUT DATED.TO LARGE.WOULD LIKE FOR IT TO SMALL ENOUGH FOR MY POCKET.HAVE NOT USED PROBABLY WANT .
 The prodcut was shipped in a timely manner.I was very disappointed over the fact that there was no handle or neck strap for a child to be able to carry it around with.We actually were able to make a nice strap that hangs from around the neck and attaches to the case via velcro.I would have thought fisher price would have already thought of doing something like this .
 I got this battery and it never worked in my computer no matter how long it was charged . It said 100 % of a charge and would never hold power when I attempted to use battery power . I
 does n't matter to them whether the items sent are compatible or not they just send you items that wont work together knowing , according to a customer service operator at computer geeks that the item that you ordered is not in stock they send you items that are not compatable just to fill the order ????? I mean what are these GEEKS doing . then you call them they send you an email that gives you a rma number for a return that you have to print , they want you to drop the wrong items that they sent you off at UPS ground , then they call you on a telephone and say that the items will be picked up by FED EX between 3:00 and 8:00 pm . You repack the wrong items put the RMA number that you had to print on the package set it on your front porch , FED EX never shows up package is still sitting on front porch awaiting FED EX ? GREAT JOB COMPUTER GEEKS ?
 When buying these headphones i thought that other people exaggerated saying that the band is too tight and painful . And besides , my girlfriend has a small had ... : -RRB- Turns out that they were right and she ca n't put them on : -LRB- Superious Koss sound quality though .
 Referencing my previous review , I stated that these headphones were a good product that just happened to break . Now , after my second pair has gone bad in a similar fashion -LRB- except it was the left phone that went -RRB- , I have to arrive at the conclusion that this is simply a poor product produced by a company that cares more about profit than customer satisfaction . I have difficulty believing that I just happen to be very unlucky when it comes to headphones . This was the first and will be the last product I ever purchase from Koss . The fact that they have a lifetime warrenty is moot when it costs about . . to ship back the phones and ... for shipping and handling to pay for new ones . This is half of what it cost in the first place to buy the phones . Now I was n't expecting the highest in sound quality or the best phones , but I do expect them to last longer than 4 weeks . In contrast , I use use the earbuds that came with my CD player about 30 times more often than the Koss phones and they still work perfectly after 2 months of use . Steer clear of these ones unless the store where you purchase them has a solid return policy for the life of the product .
 These headphones started falling apart from the minute I took them out of the box . The ear pieces are extremely delicate and not able to handle touch without the foam unattaching itself from the headphone . A real pain .
 Just got them in the mail ... opened them , put them on and they were a little tight around my head ... pulled on them to stretch the plastic a little -LRB- like most wrap-arounds do -RRB- , and the things broke in half ! Ca n't comment on sound quality , since I never had the chance to hear them ...
 Good looking radio but disappointing performance . Owner 's manual is very confusing and contains several mistakes/wrong advice . AM reception is horrible and the electronic tuning is not accurate . It does not tune in stations on the correct frequency . Solar charger does not seem to work and I still do n't understand how the AA bateries kick in .
 I really did my research on which Kaito model I thought would be best for my situation , before buying.I was looking for a radio that was compact,well-built , sturdy , and had a lot of charging options . This was the model that seemed to be the one for me.The flashlight/LED on this model is bright enough to help out in an emergency situation . I have no problems with the windup crank-it seems well-built enough for me.I have n't tried the solar charging yet , but I did charge up the internal battery , and everything was working fine-for awhile.The housing is sturdy and looks nice . The controls are nice and compact . It pulls in quite a lot of shortwave stations , which was mildly suprising to me.The antenna is long and pulls in those weak staions.The two things that I do n't like about this radio are :1 -RRB- Once the antenna becomes bent , it can break off easily after that.The replacement antenna is $ 10.00 plus shipping , and I think that Kaito should get it together and offer the replacement antenna online for a cheaper price , on their website.This is one of the main problems with buying goods that are made overseas.Give us consumers a way to purchase replacement parts easily online Kaito ! 2 -RRB- The volume control has deteriorated to the point of not being able to give me a lowered volume without a ton of noise now - -LRB- which is extremely distracting -RRB- . I noticed this problem after buying it , but did n't think much about it then.It just got worse . It might be OK for emergency situation usage , but if you want to rely on it for more than that-forget about it .
 This product has been disappointing -- at least in our area . The image rejection is so weak that we can only pick up one strong station -- and that is all over the dial . The price was right and the multi-power source was what we wanted , but it is n't very usable for us .
 I have bought Kaito in the past and have been plz 'd . . This was to replace ours that had finally died after steady use for many yrs ... This one lasted 2 months .
 Tried it out right away when it arrived . Difficult to tune properly , had poor reception even in the AM and FM bands . Several hours later I tried again , and the tuner was broken . I had my doubts after reading the reviews but allowed myself to be won over by the low price . That was a mistake . Radio was returned the day after it arrived . I suggest looking for a higher quality radio , I will be .
 I 'll admit that I bought the KA008 about two years ago and finally took it out camping for the first time this past weekend.It did not play regardless of the sunlight it received nor if I cranked for 2 minutes straight . It WOULD play WHILE cranking which let me know the internal battery pack was dead/useless . I 've taken it apart and plan to see if I can do something to salvage it by replacing the battery pack but would n't recommend this unit to anyone who actually plans on counting on it in a pinch.As chance would have it , my buddy on the camping trip had two Eton units with him . Both performed flawlessly and one of them played remarkably long after a mere 2 minute crank along with some time in the sun . The Eton FR360R will be my next purchase based upon my experience with it this past weekend . That damn thing goes on and on better than the Energizer bunny ! The other Eton unit was much smaller but performed very well too . Unfortunately I do n't recall the model of the smaller unit . It was really small and did a great job as well.YMMV but I 'm just telling it like I lived it rather than some BS I read . I was warned about the Kaito from a member of my survival group and blew it off . Once I was out in the wild and expected the Kaito to work as advertised , it did n't and I do n't see the need for wasting the space in my pack for it.Every bit of space in a BOB is precious . Better have a radio you can count on should SHTF .
 I got this camera in July , and I was able to take many nice pictures . But just now when I turn the camera on it freezes and it do n't respond to any button . It does not work any more .
 I hate the feel of this camera . it is not comfortable to hold and the colors are washed out.Back to Cannon for me .
 I bought this camera for the performance/value it offered . I took it on several trips and the pictures were amazing . Unfortunately , after just 6 months of use -LRB- gentle use and no accidents -RRB- something inside the lens broke loose and the zoom and focus stopped working . I 've tried to contact Panasonic to see where can I get it fixed but no luck , didnt get any replies . Great pictures , not so great durabilty or customer srvice -LRB- from Panasonic -RRB- , you decide .
 I bought a Panasonic Lumix FZ20 in May , 2005 . I used it often , but handled it very carefully . I have other digital and film cameras I use more and have had longer . In February , 2006 , the camera just stopped working . It still looked like new and absolutely nothing had been done to it to render it completely useless . I sent it to the Mack Warranty people -LRB- those warranties are a joke , by the way -RRB- who sent it to Panasonic , telling me that they do n't cover repairs WITHIN THE FIRST YEAR !!! Then the repair department at Panasonic returned the camera after two months , saying it would cost more to repair than it was worth . So I was SOL - out of a camera after less than a year of use.I think the Panasonic Lumix cameras were badly made in the first place and that 's why their new version of the camera , the FZ30 , is almost entirely different from the FZ20 - it does n't even use the same battery . It 's different in almost every way.Beware Panasonic . They just do n't last .
 I bought a LC33 just over a year ago and the thing died on me . I took real good care of the camera . It still looks brand new it just wont power on . I call customer service and they will not do anything to resolve this issue . I found reviews on the camera and other people said the same thing . Give this camera one year before buying it and see what people are saying . The good reviews may change it will be a matter of time .
 - A firewire port is very common these days - This particular baby heats up too quickly - The touchpad is insensitive and irritating - The design is about 10 years behind what 's on market - There is nothing about this machine that calls for the steep price
 I have been a a user for thinkpad for the last 5 years and when i saw my new thinkpad T42 I could not believe my eyes.The LCD screen is rubbish ! It irritates my eyes after a short 45 mins of using the computer . How could IBM install such awful screens in their top-end notebooks?The rest - apart from missing the firewire - is quite ok . It 's fast efficient and silent . I was used now to my Apple PowerBook -LRB- best notebood in the market -RRB- but I have to use Windows for other reasons at the moment . . ;-LRB- ... so , bottom line , if you really have to use a windows laptop , go and look for another brand . . goodbye IBM ...
 It 's time IBM woke up and noticed that the market has caught up with its sole laurel of a spiffy keyboard . This supposedly top-of-the-line desktop replacement , for nearly twice the price of a Dell or a Fujitsu Lifebook , has plenty of gripes and very little to distinguish it from competition :1 . The single biggest inconvenience is the tragic choice of a heat emitting exhaust on the left . When we use a notebook , our hands naturally go to either side of the machine . T42 is the ONLY one I 've seen until now that was wise enough to put the CPU heat emissions on the left , so be prepared to have your left hand baked everytime , or start practicing one-handed typing .2 . The second major annoyance is the insensitive touchpad . IBM is good with nipples -LRB- ok , the trackball -RRB- but the touchpad requires about three to four touches to figure out that I am clicking .3 . Price point -- twice as much as a comparable Dell Latitude -LRB- which you can COMPLETELY customize -RRB- or a Fujitsu Lifebook -LRB- apart from the keyboard , the Lifebook series just plain rocks -RRB- .4 . The legendary IBM keyboard ? All Dell Latitude series these days have pretty much the same keyboard , and they come with better configs plus TRULY international support .5 . Speaking of keyboards , right above the back and forward arrow keys are two creative new keys which perform the function of BACK and FORWARD in browsers . These keys happen to quite eager to be accidentally pressed , which is supremely irritating . What precise ADDITIONAL function they perform is unclear .6 . And , what about the very , very , very convenient Windows key on the keyboard ?! Thinkpads still seem to think it 's ok to skip those . Come on now , we 're in 2004.7 . The screen is horrible , what archaic technology are we using , TFT from the 90s ? Almost every other manufacturer offers a brighter , sharper screen today than Thinkpads.So , again , what was this &#62; 3 grand US$ for ?
 Of the five discs in the pack , two could not be recognized by my computer . The price may be right , but when I pay for five discs , I expect to get five functional discs . Now , do I go through the hassle of trying to return/exchange these ? I think not . Memorex , you burned me this time , but never again .
 These are the worst CD-RW 's I ever used . If you have anything important use Sony CD-RW 's .
 I bought these on clearance -LRB- luckily for only $ 1 ! -RRB- and out of the 5 CDs , only 1 of them actually worked . -LRB- and it only worked for 2-3 rewrites -RRB- . I 'm avoiding Memorex from now on ; I 've also had a bunch of their CD-Rs just disintegrate for no apparent reason .
 The other reviewer is 100 % correct . I only had 1 disc work for me ! Memorex is my favorite brand as far as dvd + r and cd-r . But not cd-rw now ! I will never buy another rewritable cd from memorex !
 simply terrible . out of 5 cd-rws , 2 of them did n't work right out of the box . then the other 3 cd-rws gradually failed . geez , i 'm staying away from memorex .
 I bought this camera months ago when it first came out . I am about to purchase another camera to replace it . I checked back here to see if any reviews validated my experience with this supposedly top knotch camera.It 's well designed , durable , and easy to use . The large display is great . Generally , photos taken outside come out great ! Flash and battery are weak.However , photos taken inside almost always come out grainy . I was sorely disappointed by this . It 's so bad that I find myself now looking to replace the camera.I owned several Canon cameras prior to this and they produced much better images in the - exact same - indoor shooting conditions . No grains.One of the primary reasons I bought this camera was for its anti-shake technology . It was one of the first consumer point and shoot cameras to have it . It does work but it only takes the edge off . It also seems to increase the grainy factor.This is a cool camera but I have to recommend that you look elsewhere . It 's very disappointing .
 This is a very nice little camera , but I ca n't help feeling disapointed by what matters the most to me
 I was excited when I bought my camera
 hello there.i used to have a canon powershot s400 and loved it . unfortunately i lost it . completely my fault . but anyways - i researched far and wide before i bought a new camera . i first bought the nikon 5200 but returned it because i thought it took horrible pictures.finally decided on this panasonic fx7 because they told me i would n't be disappointed . welllllllll i still like my canon better . i 'm hoping i just have n't figured out the capability of this panasonic camera yet . see i have that grainy problem too - in low light places . i 'd like to say i take artistic photos - but in all honesty , basically i take my camera to the bar to take pics of my friends having fun . the canon was amazing at that . all my pictures were in focus , not grainy at all.so is there just something i 'm doing wrong ? with the canon i did n't have to fix the settings , i just pointed and shot and wa la it was an amazing picture.do you think it has something to do with being 5 megapixel vs 4 in the canon ? i 'm reading over the manual again too to see if i 've missed something.i do n't mind the battery life so much , i just do n't like how when you review a picture and try to zoom in it zooms in WAY too much . also there is a bit of shutter lag - also both problems with the canon too.i guess i 'm happy with it . but it was really expensive , and i 'm not sure it was worth it.please write another review if you can help me . i will take all the help i can get.thanks !
 It 's ok . The camera looks great . Although every shot I took came out grainy . I returned it 3 days later . I was very unsatisfied with this camera .
 Bought these thinking they would be better for audio CD 's . Should have read the reviews first . So far wasted up 5 of the 25 . May try them for data CD 's to get some of my money back.Avoid these unless you have a stand-alone recorder .
 I got lucky and was able to take these back to Staples after creating 6 frisbees out of 10 . But only to buy Sony and have the same problem . This is n't the first time I 've had problems with Memorex or Sony . They also tend to start skipping and become unreadable after a couple years . Definitely not ` green ' companies since I imagine a lot of their cds end up in the trash heap ! When can we get some quality in this country ?
 It 's compact but underpowered in low light for bounce flash off tall ceilings , and the biggest problem I experienced is inability to shoot faster than 1/250 when using this flash . That makes it impossible to shoot wide aperture in bright light when wanting fill flash without overexposing your shots.I 'd say do n't waste your time and go for a flash you can sync with a fast shutter speed.Also , you ca n't run it wirelessly so I had to buy a 40 dollar off-brand cable , and a 15 dollar diffuser , ... Now since I know more of what I want/need , I 'm returning this and getting a larger flash . I saw the SB600 here for 220 which is only 50 bucks more than this when you add all the acessories you need but now it 's more so I had to do more research.From what I researched , the SB600 is old technology so I was led to the SB700 , but the SB700 has a lower GN and even more expensive than the SB600.I found that Sigma has a iTTL flash that works wirelesly and in high shutter speed sync so I decided to get that as it 's cheaper than the SB700 and has a much higher gn at 35 mm -LRB- equivalent to the SB900 -RRB- . Will review that once I get it .
 The picture in the description shows a low profile oval light . The light is quite tall and does not pivot like the description says & does not work on ETTL cameras as described
 I bought this flash mainly for hand-help use for strobing while light painting during long exposure night photography . It was n't very good quality , so I returned it .
 This flash did n't seem to provide any more light than the small built-in light on the camera . We tried it several times and ended up sending it back .
 This SB-400 AF Flash did not work for me as expected . I notice that there is a split second delay in the picture being clicked and the flash going off ; hence the pictures are dark frequently . Some pictures come out ok . I am disappointed with this purchase and do not think that the money spent was worth it .
 Purchased May 2011 - Nice small flash that fill the void between the built-in flash of my D7000 and a SB-600 . Bounces well , good for most normal shots , would not use in a large open area though . Flash died this week for no apparent reason other than `` Made in China '' ... only used for around 400-450 shots . Sending back to Nikon for warranty replacement , out another $ 5.05 to ship it Nikon and now have to purchase new flash as Service/Repair takes 3-5 weeks = joy : - -LRB-
 For the record , this review is been submitted on August 20 2009 , so I hope the review date is not changed!I bought this little flash and since the first day I fell in love with it.Pros
 This is at best a built in flash substitute but it even fails at that since the built in flash in D80 , D90 , D200 , D300 , D700 etc. can be used for the built in commander mode which this does n't . Speaking of commander mode , you ca n't use this as a remote flash . You also do n't get an LCD screen on this model so there is no flash compensation . Power is lacking , and you ca n't bounce this the way you can with the higher end models.Save up and at least get an SB-600 .
 I bought this flash to go along with my D40x . After struggling with poor quality photos , I took the D40 back to the shop where I bought it from , and they agreed that the camera needed servicing . So out the camera body went to Nikon for a few weeks . Nikon agreed the camera was defective , repaired it , and it came back working normally . The flash then worked fine for 3 months , but it too has stopped working . Now I have to go through the hassle of shipping my flash off to Nikon for repairs again . My camera is used primarily for taking family and baby photos , and I handle the camera very gently . I am very , very disappointed in Nikon quality . Either I am particularly unlucky , or Nikon makes cheap junk nowadays .
 If you have a built in Nikon flash already on your camera - this does NOT flash any brighter or better . Do not buy . Spend your money on a larger more powerful flash .
 It leaves a shadow and bright hot spot light . I need a larger flash with indirect flash to avoid hot spot .
 I just purchased this product & I 've noticed that its hard to get on my camera body & when I did get it on & turned it on , it came on but would n't flash ! I 'm wondering if its compatible with my Nikon D5000 ???? Hope that someone can help me !
 I have a Nikon 5100 . I was hoping this flash can help indoor photography . But it is almost as bright as my camera flash . not very satisfied .
 My SB-400 died after less than 500 shots . Unfortunately , this was long after the warranty was up . It 's completely gone -- no sounds , no lights.It was an excellent flash . The biggest downside was that it could only bounce the flash off of ceilings in landscape shots . Put your camera vertical , and you can only bounce off of side walls . It does n't swivel.Unfortunately while looking for a replacement today , I 've found that the SB-400 is out of stock at large retailers , and only available at about 50 % more than what I got it for in 2008 -LRB- and close to what the SB-600 used to go for -RRB- .
 I 've had this flash for over a year and it is definitely a step above the built in flash , albeit just one step . The main advantages is that its raised slightly higher than the built in to reduce red-eye and it tilts.My gripe on this flash is that it stopped working a a few months after it 's 1 year warranty ran out , which happens to be the weekend right before Christmas . So I 'm a little more annoyed than usual.I ca n't say with 100 % certainty that its the flash , but I 'm 95 % sure . It has fresh batteries , the red ready light is on , the camera recognizes I have a flash attached when I check the menu on my d5000 . The built-in flash fires fine . All this indicates the camera is working , but the flash will not fire.Because I 'm past the 1 year warranty , to fix the flash will cost $ 83 according to Nikon 's support page , which is almost the cost of what I paid for this SB-400 . If the flash was working , I would give it 4 stars just because it does what its made for without a lot of the extras you 'd get from more expensive flashes . But now that its quit on me in such a short time and with minimal usage , i 'm giving it a much lower score.This , sadly , is the first time I 've been disappointed with a Nikon product .
 I loved this flash while it lasted ! I shoot a D90 indoors a few times a year for parties and such and my pictures looked much better when bouncing this flash . After using it maybe 10-15 times , it up and died , so I sent it in to Nikon for repair -LRB- I was just out of warranty -RRB- . I got the repair estimate back today and my jaw dropped . Total cost was $ 103 !!!! Seeing how I could -LRB- but wo n't -RRB- buy a brand new one for $ 17 more , I was in total shock and called up customer service . They did n't care and a supervisor declined my request to speak with them.A + product when it works.F - for product support and customer service.I wo n't buy another one .
 I got this for Nokia 6350 . It did n't work for my phone . Not sure if it will work with any other phone jack of 2.5 mm . Sorry . .
 This product is disappointing ! I got it delivered well ahead of the estimated delivery and that was the ONLY thing about it that I am happy with . I ca n't even use it . In order to hear anything from it , I have to stick the jack to my headphones in barely half way and hold it in just the right position . If I insert it all the way it does not work ! Very disappointing ! I would not recommend this to ANYONE !
 My headphone jack has to be exactly halfway in to hear sound with this adapter . Forget about running and listening to music at the same time .
 Well here we go again , multiple words to review an item that takes three word , does not fit what it was made for period
 I had planned to use this item so I could listen to music on my phone . There is a lot of crackle if you move the jack whatsoever . Also , when the headphones are plugged all the way into the device sound only comes out of one side of the headphones . If you pull the headphone jack partially out of the adapter and hold it there , you get sound from both left and right headphones . Completely unsatisfactory . I will be purchasing something else . The good thing is that this item is so cheap that I 'm not out very much money .
 The item I received looked exactly like the picture . It took about two weeks to received . And then it did not work . Not sure why it did n't work but when connected to the phone headset , it did not connect the microphone as it should have . A total waste of my time and money . So far as I know , it was a brand new adapter.eForCity Universal Headphone Adapter 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm
 It is not producing stereo sound with my cellphone -LRB- MOTOROLA W755 -RRB- . Bad product description . also I ordered black and received white.Seller does not facilitate return . you have to pay the shipping cost both ways .
 I purchased this item to use with my Xbox controller . Rather than purchase a whole new microphone , I figured I could grab this and just use my mic from my PC . Unfortunately , it does not work . The fit into the controller is very loose , but I 've tried wiggling it around while talking and I still get nothing , so I do n't believe that is the issue.On the screen it shows the microphone as repeatedly being connected and disconnected , and at times , outputting audio -LRB- though my friends tell me it 's nothing but static when it does decide to output sound -RRB- . Overall , I only spent $ 1.35 , so it 's not like it was a ton of money wasted . That said , it is annoying that it did n't work as I now need to either purchase a different dongle or an actual mic made for the Xbox .
 Firstly , the item I received is not what is pictured
 I bought two of these to use with cell phones to be able to listen to the MP-3 's . As others have mentioned , you ca n't use a link with these . However , as an adapter for STEREO earbuds/headphones they do n't work either . They are advertised as 2.5 to 3.5 mm adapters . The 3.5 mm end seemed to be a good , snug fit , resulting in -LRB- I assume -RRB- good quality transfer of the signal , however , the 2.5 mm is slightly too small , I could not get a good connection . The 2.5 mm jack was not nearly as snug as the 3.5 mm end , I tried to different adapters -LRB- bought at the same time -RRB- , neither one worked properly on either of two phones . I ended up going to going to Verizon , because at first , I thought the plug in the phone was damaged , they used one of their headphone kits to demonstrate that it was , in fact , the adapters.They may be cheap , but there still not worth it .
 Ok I cant complain too much because it was sooo cheap . However the one in the picture does not match what you get . It has a ton of rubber around the plug so if you have a device like me with a recessed plug then your screwed . I did shave off the rubber with a knife and I almost got it to fit when I slipped and broke it :\ I am going to try and solder it but idk . Oh well thats what I get for being cheap i guess haha .
 But you get what you pay for . I 'm sure for just a regular audio setup , this plug style adaptor would be ideal . As it stands I feel ever so slightly misled by the product photos . I was really looking forward to a cord style adaptor but instead received the straight plug in type that does not fit flush with my phone.It works , but only mono sound . There is a stationary `` sweet spot '' that I can find to get the stereo sound to work ... But to much hassle . All in all I 'm just going to go back to the two cell setup I had previously until I find a better cable in store .
 I ordered this item because the picture showed a 90-degree male plug -LRB- a plug with an L-bend -RRB- . However , what I received was a male plug with a straight plug instead . When I contacted the company they apologized for the using an outdated photo -LRB- that was the middle of September 2010 -RRB- but they said that the written description of the product never actually mentioned any 90-degree bend ... They offered me the option of returning it but frankly the return shipping cost would have been at least a third or a half of the product cost which just did n't make it worth my time to do . Maybe I 'll find a use for it somewhere.I just wish they 'd update their photo appropriately .
 When I use it as a cell phone adapter , I have to pull it out and wiggle it a little bit to get the headphones to work . It also cuts out or falls out on a regular basis . I have to hold my phone still to keep it working .
 I bought this to use as an adapter in my car . It plays only poor quality mono , not stereo as the product description states . I 'm getting a refund .
 I bought this to use with an FM transmitter and it was not usable , the sound came in distorted and was barely be audible . DO N'T USE THIS FOR MUSIC
 I tried it with my mobile phone . It did not work at all . I put it with a working 3.5 headset and mic . But no use . This is now a junk for me .
 This is the worst thing I have ever ordered , it has n't worked right since I bought it , it did n't cost much , but I would have paid 10-times more for something that worked . This company needs to be dropped from selling on Amazon .
 When you buy cheap , your risk the quailty of the product , as in this case . The sound is terrible , I can only hear it from the left side of the earphones . The volume control of it is horrible , its barley audible . I can hear my surrondings more than the actual music .
 I ordered this from SF Planet twice both times it was defective on an LG Lotus Phone . SF Planet does have good service but the product will not work with an LG Lotus .
 The sound only comes out of one side of the head phones . Tried it on several different kinds of headphones with same results . Did I miss something ? Shipping was $ 6 which I thought was nuts . Oh well ... guess I 'm only out $ 7 .
 this thing does not work . dont waste time.I ordered a replacement and even that didnt work
 ordered a 2.5 to 3.5 , instead got a 3.5 yo s 2.5 and it took way too long considering the size and weight .
 This is not a standard product.The 1.5 mm slot did not work as an interface for my 1.5 mm Samsung headset . The 2.5 mm did not work for my laptop , so this product is either incorrectly designed or I got a bad deal.Stay away from this interface . Buy a proper 2.5 mm headset instead .
 This item works but only in one ear . I plugged in two working headphones but could only hear out of one ear . It is useless to me now .
 I bought this to use with my Sennheiser PXC 360BT because it uses a 2.5 mm jack . I didnt want to use the original cord just yet.First of all , this item is CHEAP ; that ' why I bought it in the first place . You 're not going to get the item in a retail box but a small hobby bag.Second , when I plugged in the 3.5 mm cord , only the right side works . I wiggled the adapter wire a little bit to listen if the wiring is bad . And low & behold , the adapter wire is NOT good.Third , when I plugged in the 3.5 mm cord , all I hear is static -LRB- hissing -RRB- . I am using gold plated cord too.Forth , you get straight plug , not as pictured -LRB- which is good for me -RRB- . Seller sent item Fast ... that 's about it .
 This adapter is not worth 1 cent . It only provides a crackly fuzzy sound through one side of my headphones . If you wiggle it around it eventually will work for a second . It reminds me of 10 year old headphones that are ready for the trash . Do n't waste your money . They are a good price but a bad bargain .
 the cord is very flimsy and small . it seems like it could break very easy . the picture makes the cord look thicker than it is .
 They sent the wrong thing . The ends were reversed it was very inexpenive so did not bother sending it back.I put in another order thru amazon and got the right thing .
 I got this product and it was a 3.5 male to a 2.5 female , avoid this product unless you need what I just listed .
 This item did n't work in STEREO with my cell phone or other electronic devices . It might work with other devices than the one 's I own ?
 I bought this cable to listen to music on my cell phone . It does not work at all when it is plugged into the earphone jack . It only works if I push and pull the male end of the plug until I find a spot where it conducts . Since it 's not in the correct position , it will not lock in place and I have to use tape in order to hold it . I have tried two other similar cables to check that it was n't the cell phone causing the problem , and they both worked perfectly . I recommend you not buy this product .
 Not sure if this worked , it did not work on my cell phone . That is why i bought the device . I have a feeling the problem was my cell phone . Who knows . Price was cheap to find out . So I 'm not too upset . Found out a jupiter jack solved my issue of using my cell phone as an mp3 player in my car .
 I do n't know it this thing works or not , so I ca n't honestly give it a review . I would suggest to anyone that they read the description more carefully than I did.I bought a wired headset ; this thing was included in the `` frequently bought together '' thingy on the page . The price was right ; I figured , `` why not '' . Why a headphone adaptor was included on a headset page is beyond me ; I assumed when you buy a headset , a headset adaptor would be included not a headphone adaptor.Next time , I 'll read the descriptions more carefully , so the reasonable price could be considered a cheap education :--RRB- . -LRB- I could n't mail it back for a refund for what it cost me -RRB- .
 As noted by other reviewers , this plug does not work as might be expected for phones with mic + speaker connectors . Audio out of one channel only .
 Sound out of only 1 side using a Blackberry pearl . I only paid 4 bucks for shipping ... so I 'm not out as much as the guy above me ...
 This was a falsely advertised item it didnt convert any of my cables to work for my xbox 360 controller
 DOES WHAT ITS SUPPOSE TO DO BUT IF YOU MOVE THE CORD WHILE UR USING IT IT MAKES A CRACKLING SOUND ... NOT REALLY ALL THAT SATISFYED
 According to the product description and picture , this was supposed to be a stereo 2.5 mm adapter -LRB- three-pole , 2 black bands at the 2.5 mm male end -RRB- . The item I received was NOT what was pictured ; instead , I received a four-pole adapter -LRB- 3 black bands at the 2.5 mm male end -RRB- . If you 're looking for a 2.5 mm stereo male to 3.5 mm stereo female adapter , do NOT order this item .
 Almost useless since there was a short . The wire needs to be laid in the right position so that both channels work and there is no static . Forget about using it on your person , e.g. in your pocket while walking . I would say order several at this price , but shipping for Amazon Affiliates is per-item and could get expensive.I have a few different types of these connectors - one at work , one at my mom 's house , one in the car . They all work flawlessly , so the problem is not in my phone.Spend the extra money and get a name-brand adapter .
 * UPDATE * eForCity , having read my seller review of their product , saw that it did n't work . They were kind enough to send me a replacement , unsolicited . Unfortunately , as I was already certain , it was n't an issue with a faulty first adaptor . The second one only delivered mono sound , as did the first.Long story short , I still feel that this is NOT the adaptor for you if you want stereo sound . They do n't deliver audio to both sides of wired headsets . Look elsewhere for that . ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ I received my adapter from eForCity on time , but , much to my chagrin , this adapter did NOT work for providing stereo sound on my headsets via my LG Octane , regardless of whether I used one of my standard , dedicated , mic-free headphones or not . I had to trim some of the extra rubber away from the base of the metal jack plug in order to get it to fit flush with the jack on my phone , but there was plenty of rubber left for that to have had no effect on the sound quality or transmission strength . Long story short , I got sound out of one of my earbuds , but not the other with this adapter . Which translates directly to
 did not work at allcost more to return and get refund than to throw awayterrible product tried on several phones
 This product does not work . Well let me restate that ; if you do not touch your cell phone after you plug this in it may work for you . Any slight movement to the jack will prevent this adapter from working . I ca n't say I 'm all that upset with this product b/c it cost me less than $ 5.00 . However , after purchasing this adapter jack and discovering it does not work I went to radio shack and bought an $ 11.00 adapter and it seems to work perfectly . If you 're trying to turn your cell phone into an MP3 player this is not the product for you . Spend a little bit more money and get something that works .
 Have not received the product.Therefore , I can not review it.the previous item was received , I need this to work with it and see the function .
 I 'm not totally upset as I 'm only out $ 2.00 but I 'm a little upset . I bought this thinking that I could hook up some real headphones to my phone . If you plan on doing this DO N'T BUY IT !!!!! The jack is a four connection jack , headphones are only a three connection . The right speaker will not work , it is acting as the microphone .
 I plugged this in and I only hear in one ear . When I wiggle it I can almost hear in the other ear but just for a sec . I do n't know if it 's the phone or the connecter . It sounds like crap though . At least I only wasted a buck-twenty . I ordered some headphones with a 2.5 jack so we will soon see if it was the connecter or not . Good luck with yours !
 the price was great but the quality is not there . If I push my headphone connector all the way in , I only hear music out of one channel . I have to pull the connector half way out to hear both channels . a pain in the butt but I only paid a few dollars so I guess you get what you pay for .
 As soon as I plug it into my juke to listen to music , it just goes to the voice commands menu . Waste of money .
 I only needed this to last for a few days . It did ... barely . There is an internal short in both of the ones I bought .
 Purchased two . Each adapter 's audio quality is poor . Songs cracked and cut out . But , I only payed $ 1 a piece , so I ca n't complain too much . Seller shipped quickly , Thank you .
 The wire is too thin and ripe for breaking , the jack was bad and tore up the plug I was trying to insert into it ... On the upside , the shipping was free ... Do n't waste your time ...
 This sucked sooo badly!I just bought a headset and I use it as my headphones for a conversation and for my music
 I 've been looking for an adapter for my 3.5 headphones to fit my 2.5 jack on my phone for a while now so , when I found this for 61 cents and no shipping needless to say I jumped at the chance ... well it arrived on time and was as described appearance wise ... it fit my headphones and it fit my phone BUT it did NOT work ... . Oh well , you get what you pay for I guess ...
 Purchased this to connect a retro handset to my older cell phone with a 2.5 mm port . It fits , but only transmits sound through the earpiece - I can hear my caller but he ca n't hear me . At least it was n't an expensive experiment .
 I wo n't be buying from this seller anymore.I have a cricket TXTM8 that needs a 2.5 jackand even though the jack was 2.5 it only made one earphone work.glad I only paid $ 1.10 for it + shipping .
 The product arrived on time . But does n't do what it is supposed do . I can not get the stereo . The sound comes only in one ear .
 This adapter does not work properly with the Panasonic dec phone model kx-tga101s . Tone is incorrect and sound only in one ear . Worth $ 2 to give it a try , even though others posted similar problems . I am only posting this to let others know who have the same phone . Will throw it a draw for future use .
 This item does not work for the LG enV2 phone for playing music . It will only play one side of the output for speakers or headphones .
 Sound only comes out of one side and the quality is really bad , can hardly hear it at all .
 I just got this adapter and tried it out . It absolutely does not work correctly ! When plugged in properly , you can only hear sound through one ear . However , I discovered that upon moving it around , you may obtain sound in both ears but only when you just insert your headphone end about halfway . This means that it can work if you are very still and do not move at all , but as soon as you move , obviously the end of your headphones will come loose . The only reason I gave it even 2 stars is because I figured out a way for it to work , but IT IS NOT THE CORRECT WAY ! In reality , this product is not even worth the three dollars I paid . Once again , DO NOT BUY !
 I got it 2 weeks after i ordered the product.the product is very delicate.You got to be careful and i plug headphones into them and only one side of my headphones work and my headphones are brand new so it wasnt my heaphones that messed up it was the adapter.I put them into a speaker set.and only one of speakers worked.sound quality was mono.not that good.and i touched the adapter and i hear a blur in my music.like a static noise.so its delicate again.This was met for my phone but now im just gon na buy 2.5 mm headphone instead plus it come with a mic .
 The item did not work with my phone at all . Customer Service was great ! But the product did not work and I had to get a refund . I think it was not compatible with my phone . Otherwise , good product if it 's compatible !
 this product is junk it barely works if you can get it to work at all . when im using it random screens pop up on my phone . its not worth the shipping do n't buy it
 I wish i checked my mail sooner . I found this same product at the 99cent store 4 for 99cents . Either way only a few bucks wasted on this product . It was as described but this one stopped working after a few hours of music -LRB- melted kinda -RRB- . Cheap Chinese wiring . The sound was n't that great when it did work .
 I ordered the 2.5 male adapter to 3.5 female , item # 245645 . Instead , I get the reverse , 3.5 male to 2.5 female , I wrote to the eforcity customer service , they asked that I submit a picture , then no response , then 24 hours later , they inform me that they shipped what I ordered , in the photo 's submitted I place a mini 2.5 plug next to their supposed 2.5 and of course theirs was much larger as it is in fact a 3.5 . IN SHORT - DO N'T ORDER FROM THESE FOLKS - IT SEEMS THAT THEY WANT THE FAULT TO BE YOURS , INSTEAD OF THEIR INEPTNESS.I wanted to save a few dollars and now will end up paying more - and now I will go to the local Radio Shack and get the adapter that I actually want .
 This adapter did not work with my BlackBerry 8830 . I contacted the seller and they promptly sent out another that did not work either followed by my money back . Guess I need to spend the $ 20 that Verizon wants for the BlackBerry adapter instead .
 This item will NOT work with the LG Env3 . You get sound through one speaker . Do NOT buy this for that phone . I 've looked all over for one that does , and turns out , the one I bought at The Shack works . Cost a bit more , but it 's the one you want for this phone . Of course , the sellers sell this for a penny , and higher shipping , so you wo n't return it . Guess I 'm stuck with a paper weight .
 I bought this item so I would n't have to buy new headphones for my phone at $ 15 a piece . Since I have two of the same phones in my household we each got one . Neither of them will allow sound to get to each one of the headphones . We can only hear sound through the headphone designated for the right ear.After letting the seller know this we were sent two replacements and we have the same problem . We will continue to use them as its better than nothing but if I want to listen to my music with both ears I am out of luck .
 When I first tried this adapter , I thought maybe I 'd come back and see that it was actually listed as a `` mono '' adapter . Wrong . It says `` stereo '' twice in the description , so why does it only work through one channel?Cheap , but shipping makes it not worth the disappointment .
 this product did not work with my verizon voyager . when i pluged in my headphones the sound only came out of one speaker
 I did n't receive what I ordered . This item is pictured as a cord . I ordered three , and received three adapter plugs instead . So instead of the L-shaped plug sticking out from the phone jack only 1/4 '' like I wanted , the whole contraption sticks out 11/2 '' instead . That risks damage to my treo 's jack with the slightest tug on the headphones . Unacceptable . I 'm not messing with a return since the shipping costs more than the item , but ... buyer beware .
 As stated by others , this only outputs sound on the right side of the headphones for some devices -LRB- on my LG Lotus LX600 cell phone -RRB- . I would have faulted myself for this oversight for lack of research , but the Technical Details are misleading . It says a microphone will not work , but that it IS for audio/music output.Also , the item is not a black cord with a right-angle connection . It is a white cord with a straight connection . Work on your descriptions guys . Tough to beat the prices , but it 's pointless to return items due to shipping charges .
 bought for 99c . shipped for 5.00 . seller will refund my money less shipping . i have to ship back on my own . slick seller . and item is not as it looks either .
 I ordered what was pictured here . A 2.5 mm TRS PLUG to a 3.5 mm TRS SOCKET adapter.Instead I received a 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm headset adapter which is configured as TRRS not TRS.TRRS will NOT work in a TRS socket.I really need what I purchased , not what you sent .
 Well i bought this item quite som time ago and it arrived promptly without any hassles so 5 star to Efforcity . But when I plugin my earphones into my E71x I get only mono output . I do n't know why is that , but my guess is Nokia E71x produces mono sound through the earphones jack and the compatible earphone doubles up the sound . I primarily needed the converter for listening music with my favorite earphones , but will have to look for something else now .
 The title just about covers it . If you have a Palm phone , do n't buy this adapter . It does n't really work -LRB- there is sound , in both ears , but for some unfathomable reason the sound quality is absolutely abysmal -RRB- . Of course , you ca n't return it - it 's not worth the shipping .
 I was using it on my LG Chocolate becuase the headphones i got at version broke . They do sort of work , you can hear the music but it sounds funny , like it takes out a layer of sound . For example on `` Baba O'Riley '' the drums do n't come through and some of the vocals are lost . I guess you get what you pay for .
 We found an adapter that fit the earphone jack and it was a good thing . These come from some far far away place and even though they said they were sorry for the wait , it was still quite awhile before we got them .
 I bought this to reduce from a 3.5 to 2.5 male speaker plug in.It worked OK initially , but it did not fit the female plug tightly enough to get good reception.I had to buy an expensive one at Radio Shack to get a tight connection and good reception .
 Product was a 2.5 mm - 3.5 mm stereo phone plug adapter -LRB- wire pigtail -RRB- . I was surprised at the very light wire they used , disappointed when a metal shoulder on one of the female connectors broke off on first insertion , and fed up when neither of the two items worked at all . It 's trash but so cheap it 's not worth the effort to return .
 I 'm just going to be quick and straight with everyone . `` Only one side work !! '' `` The Left Side !! `` Buy at your own risk ...
 I was mis-led into believing I coul extend my headset and boon to this adapter and all would be fine . Nope . Only audio is converted . Fortunately the cost was little to nothing . But its worth nothing to me so I still lose something .
 I got this for my xbox 360 controller so i could use my Oovan headset but when i plug everything up nothing happens . So sadly it doesnt work for what i need it for but i only paid $ 1 for it so i didnt lose any money really .
 I ordered this item to connect 3.5 mm headphones to a 2.5 mm input on my cell phone . A different 2.5 mm to 3.5 mm adapter worked well but was too fragile for my purposes , so I ordered the Universal 2.5 mm Male to 3.5 mm Female Headphone adapter . It did n't work as it fit too loosely into the female input jack on my cell phone . I measured the diameter of the adapter 's male jack and found it at 2.39 mm . The male adapter I had that did work measured 2.42 mm . This slight difference in diameter is the reason this adapter does n't connect . Do n't waste your money on this adapter as no amount of wiggling , twisting or wobbling will make this thing work properly .
 i bought a couple of these to use to hook up to my LG Octane to my car stereo using a 3.5 mm male jack.LG Octane -- 2.5 mmTo3 .5 mmAdapter -- 3.5 mmMaleJack -- CarStereohowever , only one channel comes out -LRB- ie . only hear one side when using headphones -RRB- . bummer!i bought the nokia ad-61 -LRB- also found on amazon , but , more expensive -RRB- and works to produce stereo sound -LRB- ie . you can hear both left and right headphones -RRB- . you might have better luck than me in getting sound out of this adapter but they did n't work with my phone .
 item has a short you have to play with the plug/wire for it to work , and only on one side . this is junk is a real low quality item
 I can hook my phone with a 3.5 socket up to some speakers and get great sound . If i use these adapters with a phone that has a 2.5 socket , the sound comes out only as loud as the phone . Very poor product .
 * Note-nothing to do with quality of item , just how reliable Amazon is on shipping this product.I ordered this from amazon a long time ago . I thought it would come before Christmas . They also said it would take awhile for shipping . I respected that and placed my order . More than a week went by and it was the next Friday . The date they said it would arrive . I checked to see where it was and they changed the date to at least 5 days to deliver . Now i might not get it before Christmas and i am very unhappy with the service with Amazon
 I received the CenDyne as a X-mas gift and I do n't excatly know how to get started everytime I try either I get scratchy sounding copy or The CD-R/RW wo n't work at all . Something will alway flash on my screen saying something different or something is basicly wrong . If you could have someone to give me a call and walk me throw the program step by step that would be great . Or even give me a number where I can call and talk to someone so I can get this problem fix before I return theis product.Please helpLa Rena MuirheadThank You
 This burner is bad , first off you can not burn any files on your computer onto the disk , second you can only copy and make music Cds , thirdly only about one thinrd of the times i tried this it only burned something right once
 Not a bad unit overall , made by Ricoh whom is well into the CD-RW drive business . Rate it only a 2 on scale from 1-5 as it is NOT compatible with Adaptec Software . Software included is on the OK side but sure could be a lot better . Has problems writing at the 6X speed unless more expensive CD 's are purchased .
 At first it seemed to work with certain media and then that became hit or miss . I knew it was time to return this device when my computer started to freeze up when I attempted to open files or folders on the drive . Forget this burner , not worth the headache .
 recently installed my cendyne 8x8x32 burner -LRB- by teac -RRB- it burned my 1st 5 cd 's great ... but now my cd tray is stuck and getting tech support either by e-mail or phone has been impossible , hope there still in business ... may just have to send it back to amazon
 I went through three of these drives and could not get any of them to work properly . I tried them on two PCs under Windows 98 . One of the drives would just not burn at all - I kept getting a SCSI/IDE error right away . The others would burn the CD just fine , but they would not read the CD that was just burned . However , my old CD-ROM drive would read the CD that was just burned - go figure ! I decided to try more expensive media ; however , it was the same disappointing result . Needless to say I returned the drives ! Maybe I got unlucky - who knows . I think I 'll shell out the money and get one of the more expensive drives and get peace of mind .
 After getting my drive and installing it trouble free I found that the drive would not operate . I contacted tech support and was told to update ide drivers , which I did , with no change in operation . It has been three weeks with no reply to my problem . I am very disappointed with cendyne .
 We bought this one because of the great value , figuring in a Manufacturer 's rebate from Cendyne . We 'll it 's been years , and after constant phone calls and emails we 've received nothing but promises that it `` will go out in tomorrow 's mail . '' Other than the lie of a rebate to falsely lower the price we 've been very pleased with this burner , and actually they shipped a free upgrade -LRB- 8x12x52 CD-RW drive -RRB- as this model was out of stock . Really good product -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , dubious marketing -LRB- -2 stars -RRB- .
 Sorry , but I ca n't say anything good about this cd writer.I had to send it back cause it was not compatable and would n't work . I have no idea why .
 This is one of 2 bad purchases that I have made over the internet out of close to 100 transactions . If you are going to purchase something of this nature I would suggest you know the product and it 's reliability very well or purchase from a local outlet with good tech support . After repeated attempts to get this product to work , I was told that a mailer was being sent to send it back in . Unfortunately one never arrived . Chastising myself thinking it might be operator error I kept working with it , researching , upgrading computer and components but still getting buffer under runs . A friend who is very good with computers finally made it work , but sporadically at best . Even doing test first and then burn I made a lot of coasters . I wish that I would have been able to have mailed it back and got my money back as originally offered . Thank you for that kind gesture . A little more follow through would have been awesome . My current burner by Lite On is awesome and I would highly recommend . Oh I almost forgot to mention when speaking to Cendyne they were the one 's that offered this . TEAC the actually manufacturer just bounces you back to Cendyne stating not their problem as it was specifically manufactured for them . Amazon is reputable from what I 've seen but this product stinks . The TDK discs I bought in conjuncion were a great value and I 'm still using . I would strongly suggest you research the issue of Buffer Under Runs and buy a current product that supports `` Burn Proof '' or similar wording , or at least know what you are up against . Mine may have been defective as there have been some great reviews on this unit but this is not one of them .
 Ususally I research equipment via internet reviews and Consumer Reports , but this item got me with its namebrand recognition and trust that usually accompanies a Crayola product 's purchase . I was also desperate for a kid 's alarm clock for my three-year old who is not a morning person.As another customer stated , the directions are written poorly , and I 'm techo savvy . It was by accident that I figured out how to record our voices to use as a wake-up sound . The regular alarm is a very loud , scary beeping.The colorful nightlight is not soothing or restful , unless you like a rock concert laser-bright light-show paced at a seizure inducing rate to fall asleep to . And the two brightness settings for the actual time display , -LRB- besides OFF -RRB- are just that , BRIGHT and BRIGHTER.The radio reception is terrible and sometimes there is a thump-thumping when I turn it on . I figured out how to get rid of it once , it was an odd series of resetting something , BUT THIS SHOULD N'T BE THE CASE.There is nothing on this item that is similar to the many semi-standardized functions we 've all become familiar with on our Emerson , Sony , etc. clock-radios . AFter four months of it , I 'm throwing it out .
 I purchased this projector a few months ago at my local art store . I was excited to get it because I am a painter , and lately I really like painting in the dark and playing off projected images , so I was happy at the prospect of being able to do this at home.There is very little to it
 What a disappointment . All this product was , was a can with a huge light-bulb and a mirror inside . The lens was a tubular gadget with a glass inside it that you manually move back and forth . I wanted a bigger image on the wall , what i got for a clear image was a 4x7 image . Any bigger you got a blurred image . My kid could build this for ten bucks .
 I 've had this cd player for a few months and my daughter uses it to listen to her music on the 20 minute drive to and from school every day . It absolutely CHEWS through batteries , even running for only 40 minutes a day ... I have to swap out the batteries every couple weeks . In addition , the cd player has been getting stuck a lot recently ... skipping and freezing up in the middle of songs that play with no problem on the car cd player.Overall , not worth the money .
 Hard to turn on -LRB- factory defect according to seller after he sold it -RRB- not accepting an sd card , no sound on movie review
 The description and specifications are incorrect and deceptive . It does not have widescreen capability as advertised . I bought this TV and found out , after not being able to correct the images that all appeared bloated and distorted , that the only screen sizes are , 4:3 -LRB- which is standard TV -RRB- , zoom and full screen . There is no 16:9 widescreen option . The `` fullscreen '' mode is just an enlarged zoom mode that just fills up the screen and all images and people look grossly obese and/or pregnant , distorted or bloated . On Soyo 's website they updated the manual and on page 11 it states these 3 options -LRB- 4:3 , zoom and fullscreen -RRB- even though the TV is advertised as 16:9 aspect ratio and widescreen . The picture is actually very nice in 4:3 but there is 15 inches of the screen unused . Also the TV I bought stated it had 1200:1 contrast ratio . The enclosed manual had a pasted over correction changing the contrast ratio from 800:1 to 1000:1 . Still not what was advertised and printed on the box . It 's also not what I ordered or paid for . It is being sent back . `` Caveat Emptor -- Let the Buyer Beware ''
 This TV WAS a good one , for about 9 months . Then it crapped out on me and the power on sequence froze . I never could get it to come back on . I called the SOYO support number in the manual and the number was disconnected ! I then called the local TV repair shops and no one local even heard of SOYO.I trashed it and bought a Samsung , WAY nicer and support is available if it should die.DO NOT GET THIS TV !! STAY AWAY FROM SOYO TV 'S !!!
 Bought this from a shopping network . Remote lasted 2 weeks , ordered a new remote and it 's been 30 days and no replacementremote has been sent.No fault of Amazon . But I have an 1100.00 TV on the wall and ca n't adjust anything . I will be shipping this back Monday !!!! Picture is good .
 After installing the drivers for this webcam and bluetooth , my computer randomly and predictably blue-screens . It crashes every time I try to reboot , unhook the webcam or unhook the bluetooth dongle . On top of that , it seems to crash randomly when I 'm doing something unrelated to either . Completely uninstalled both drivers and tossed the thing in a heap . My computer has never been more stable .
 The camera is just ok . No better and no worse than most others out there I 've seen ; and difinitely not any better than the webcam that came built into my Sony Vaio . The cordless earpiece is worthless , with very mushy sound . BUT the worst of all is this companies absolute zero customer service . After trying every way possible to get through for tech support I 've chucked the whole thing . I have left several messages that the computer voice promised to return in in 1-24 hours and I 've never heard from this company . I will never , ever purchase another Ezonics product .
 I bought this camera based on the fact that it said it was Mac compatible and Ichat compatible . Well ... they lied . I can get it to recognize on my computer , but it 's compatibility with Ichat I 'm not seeing . So I figured I 'd call tech support , maybe they know why . They told me that it 's not their problem , if it 's not being recognized by Ichat , it 's a program problem not a hardware problem . Sorry I 'm out of luck ! They said it would work with the program though . I 've been mislead and am now angry ! If you have a mac do n't get this webcam ! Oh and the headset that comes with it , not Mac compatible at all !
 I 'm wondering if there 's plutonium in this thing because the Bluetooth headset piece holds a charge forever in storage , and I 'm still trying to use it to drain the thing ! Never seen anything like it . Please tell me the name of the company making this rechargeable battery!That said , the webcam is rather low quality and not good in low light , software 's a bit quirky using on my iBook G4 . It works well enough and in bright light it 's acceptable . Stills from it are very lo-res and grainy . It 's ok i guess , but the BT headpiece outshines it , and you can use the BT dongle on computers without BT for small file transfers like text files , but it takes way too long for mp3 's etc. which I guess is to be expected from Bluetooth?I was surprised to see the $ 99 . price tag on this and I 'd look for used before paying that much , or for something else . Make sure to factor in what it 'd cost for a BT headpiece too , though , if you need one .
 Purchased this items back in early Oct. the camera works , but the headset arrived with no drivers - when calling for support you get transfer to a make believe IT guy who never calls you back . When I tracked down the distributor in Las Vegas , there was a boost in my confidence , I was told that I would be contact with 24 hours . Well today is 25 days in and still no word from anyone . Amazon should pull this product and seller off their site .
 Loved this TV until it started malfunctioning and finally quit working just after the warranty expired . We purchased the the extended warranty from Best Buy and they came out once but could n't recreate the problem . When it finally quit , it was just two weeks after the extended Best Buy warranty expired . The set is now defunct , spent $ 199 so far for a local technician to tell us it may be able to be repaired for a minimum of $ 500 . Toshiba and Best Buy refused to do anything to help even though we had reported the problem during the warranty period .
 Loved this TV until it broke just after the warranty expired . Made a mistake and purchased the extended warranty from Best Buy which ran concurrent with the factory warranty so I was shorted a year of warranty . Had I purchased the Toshiba factory warranty after getting home , the set would still be under warranty . The set is now defunct , spent $ 350 thus far to repair vertical problem and now technician claims he ca n't find a needed tube for additional cost . Probably will trash the set .
 Had no problems with this unit until i HAD a problem.I bought mine 1/16/02 & have been pleased with the performance till early in December when the screen went black and liquid started spilling out the bottom !!!! It has been setting in my living room for 6 weeks now -LRB- black screen , liquid dripping etc -RRB- . Atechnician came by about a month ago , charged me $ 63 & said he could fix it but could not warranty his work.Long story short ; I 've been getting the runaround for over a month now since it became apparent that the unit needs to be replaced . Looks like i 'll have to rely on small claims court to get Toshiba to honor the warranty . BEWARE
 I bought a new TOSHIBA 43H71 took it home and hooked it up and I was gravely disappointed with the picture quality . I could not get channel 5 with a clear image , it had snow all over the screen , I even bought a new antenna , but that still did not clear up the picture . I did not like the fact that you had to seat directly in front of the TV to see a good picture , plus I did not like the fact that this TV had about 30 or more settings you had to make . Every time I turned the set off and then back on , you had to make some more settings . I took it back to the store I bought it from for a refund , then I went to another store and bought a new SONY 36 '' WEGA Trinitron and I have been happy every since .
 I recently bought an Edge Tech Corp DiskGo flash drive and have been satisfied with its performance so far.UNFORTUNATELY , the company itself leaves much to be desired . They market many of these drives and other products with a VERY RESTRICTIVE rebate program which requires the rebate to be postmarked within 10 days of INVOICE . They make no allowance for holidays -LRB- as happened to me over xmas & new years -RRB- and personal vacations . Discussions with Edge Corp 's main marketing & sales manager fell on deaf ears , and messages to their VP were unreturned.Only buy this product if you can meet their restrictive , if not onerous rebate rules . Using the SuperSaver free shipping may put you out of the rebate window . I for one , will never buy another Edge product .
 Product sounded great while it worked . The first one would take a while before connecting to the fm radio in my car . Had it replaced . Second one lasted 3 months and it started to lose power unless the main unit was positioned in a certain way on . -LRB- it had a swivel so you could position the LED readout . -RRB- It simply stopped working.Scosche never responded to either of my calls/emails . Amazon was kind enough to replace the first one , which was beyond the return date and refund the second one , also beyond the return date .
 I picked this up based on the word of a coworker that has the same model . He seemed pleased with his and , in my opinion , the few negative reviews on this product could be explained by other factors not necessarily caused by the transmitter . -LRB- If you hear a whine that gets louder as your vehicle RPM increases , you have a grounding issue on your car . -RRB- First thing , I drive a Ford F-550 for work and the transmitter would not fit in either of the factory DC plugs in the dashboard . Fortunately for me , the truck has a few extra auxiliary DC plugs installed that it slide right in.First impression was positive . I tuned the radio to the default station that came up on the transmitter and everything seemed to be fine . The next day did not fare so well . In my area , the FM radio band is densely packed with many stations , as well as plenty of more distant stations that are barely receivable , but are enough to override the transmitter . I spent a lot of the time trying to find a frequency with the least interference only to the drive about a mile before reception became poor again.Other than interference , the transmitter seemed to work very well . Reception would improve some times when I put my hand on or near the transmitter , possibly shielding it some . Obviously not ideal when you 're driving , but worth mentioning in the event you find an alternative method to shield the device.Update
 I bought one that was broken out of the box . There was no physical damage , it just would not power on .
 this will drive you crazy . as the car speeds up so does the whinning in the sound . i sent it back
 Wow , not only did the device have poor sound quality , but it 's poorly crafted . The spring mechanism that holds the unit into the cigarette lighter receptable was so rigid that once it was in , it did n't come out . After about 20 minutes of forcing it out , the device broke . I had to dismantle the dash panel and actually remove the receptacle . Thank goodness I knew how to do it otherwise it would have cost extra $ $ $ to have a mechanic do it . Be warned .
 I ordered this 2 times and both times received a universal HOLDER , not the FM transmitter they say you will get . There is a problem in the warehouse and I recommend you do not order this until they change the description to match the image and correct item .
 I bought this at Staples because mySoundfly SD WMA/MP3 Player Car Fm Transmitter for SD Card , USB Stick , Mp3 Players , iPod , Zunedied after three years . I did n't want to interrupt my audiobook , so I purchased locally at high cost . I am using this with a Kindle Fire , not an iPod.The sound is terrible . There 's a lot of poor stereo noise and car frequency pickup . The noise I suspect is from the headphone cable and/or a very poor transmitter . Unfortunately the headphone cable is a very thin wire which will be prone to noise , but is not replaceable due to the proprietary connecction to the transmitter.I 'll be returning this once my replacement Soundfly transmitter arrives .
 I ordered this case to replace the carry-on bag that must hold my laptop , a book or my Kindle , my prescription medications , my knitting , and at least a change of underwear in case my checked luggage goes astray . Unfortunately , the compartment intended for everything other than the laptop also contains the telescoped handle . There is a space maybe two inches deep in that compartment -- not enough space for anything but the book . There is plenty of space for a laptop in the other compartment , which is designed for it , but if you insert the laptop in the sleeve that comes with the case , there would n't be any room for anything else in there . This case was n't what I was looking for , so I returned it .
 I bought this protector and it died in less than 6 months . Save your money .
 I do n't normally write reviews unless pleased or disappointed . In this case - disappointment . We ordered 2 sticks and tested on 5 machines . In each case it showed up as 128 meg.This product -LRB- both sticks -RRB- are defective so we returned to Amazon . I would suggest using a name brand
 This product is impossible to use . My husband -LRB- the installer -RRB- said that every time he tried to pull the top layer off , it would pull the protector right back off the phone . Do n't waste your money like we did . This is a useless product .
 I was disappointed with the image resolution once I get over the hurdle of setting it up . Even worse is when the image capture component stopped working in less than 1 year . When I finally mananaged to get around to figure out what was really failing -LRB- why no video -RRB- , it 's past the 1 year warranty , and when contacting D-Link Customer Service/Support , I was told that my only option is to buy another -LRB- no repair possible -RRB- . You think ? I vow to NOT waste my time and money again with any D-Link product given such a rip-off experience .
 Having spent hundreds of dollars now on trying to make this gadget work -- and the jury is still out -- all I can say is , you are on YOUR OWN for installing and using this piece of equipment . The customer service kids read the manual to me over the phone , the manual I was holding in my own hand . The sales people gave me no information whatever about what is required to make this product work , that is , until after I 'd bought it , with no possibility of returning it . Make sure you have a TV that accepts input , a wireless router that you can open ports to -LRB- not possible with the service I have -RRB- , etc. . I 'm sure there will turn out to be just a few more things I do n't know!So far , a real disaster .
 I experienced repeated problems with its wireless networkconnection
 My father and I got D-Link wireless routers and the DVC1100 so that he could see his grand-daughter grow up -LRB- we live far away -RRB- . Since we got these things , they have been nothing but trouble . My father has sent his back 2 times . I have had to call tech supprt every time I have tried to use the phone -LRB- except once ... that was nice -RRB- . I am by no means a computer genius , but definitely know a great deal about computers in general , wireless interent , etc. I would not recommend this product to anyone !!! Definitely BEWARE !!!
 -LRB- I 'm cross posting this to both DVC-1000 and DVC-1100 product description pages . -RRB- I really wanted to like this gadget , but I 've ultimately been disappointed . The idea is COOL , being able to see your family and carry on a FREE Internet phone conversation with them , and the price is much less than other videophone solutions out there . Alas , there are a few problems still to be worked out with this device.Here 's the saga of trying to just get the device to work with my network setup . I tried calling Dlink -LRB- the i2eye manufacturer -RRB- , Linksys -LRB- for my router setup -RRB- , Comcast -LRB- broadband connection -RRB- and SunRocket -LRB- VOIP -RRB- for support on this issue . I eventually got the device to work connecting to my parents ' wireless version of the i2eye -LRB- which I setup through a USR wireless broadband router by opening the required ports -RRB- by connecting my i2eye -LRB- the wired ethernet version -RRB- directly to my cable modem -LRB- without my Linksys broadband router or SunRocket VOIP box in the equation -RRB- . I then tested various configurations until I was able to determine that the Linksys router -LRB- model WRTGS -RRB- was not forwarding ports correctly -LRB- I HAD properly configured port forwarding -RRB- . Linksys tech support tried but failed to help me out . I swapped routers with my girlfriend who had a Dlink router and the problem went away -LRB- after also configuring port forwarding -RRB- . Would have been nice if Dlink could have told me when I called them for support that my router was n't compatible with their device -LRB- though it 's possible that my Linksys router has a `` broken '' port forwarding feature -RRB- . I also had to forward ports through my VOIP box which the SunRocket tech support people quickly told me how to do . So I eventually got the damn thing working after a month and a half of trying . Of course that is two weeks after the standard return policy of ANTonline expires -LRB- who I bought the device from through Amazon -RRB- . Now to performance . Even when the i2eye is connected directly to my broadband cable modem my framerate never rises above 5 frames per second . That 's both for the transmitted and received data stream . -LRB- On my parents ' end I have to connect wirelessly through their wireless router as their TV is too far from their cable modem . -RRB- I 've tried tweaking the `` speed '' settings on the i2eye to adjust the amount of data the device is configured to send and receive , but I never got an improvement . Dlink advertises that you can get up to 30 frames per second using a high quality broadband connection -LRB- like mine and my parents ' -RRB- . I have n't tested my broadband connection 's total upload and download speed because I simply do n't know how -LRB- probably need some third party utility program -RRB- . Regardless I SHOULD be getting at least 500kbps upload speed and at least 1Mbps download speed -LRB- at both mine and my parent 's end -RRB- as that is typical of cable broadband connections . Also the image quality from the i2eye 's `` lens '' and CCD is horrendous . The brightness , contrast and general overall `` sharpness '' of the image is lousy . That 's simply not acceptable . You can get better framerates -LRB- along with much better image quality -RRB- from a good webcam using one of the `` messenger '' applications out there . Which is what I 'm going to explore doing next.I 'm going to attempt to return the devices now -LRB- both mine and my parents ' i2eye -RRB- through ANTonline and Amazon with the argument that the i2eye devices do n't perform as advertised and that I 'm `` late '' returning them because of the difficulty in testing the devices -LRB- you have to coordinate with the people at the other end of the connection to determine if your own configuration is working -RRB- . I 'll try to post an update to this review with the results of that attempt . -LRB- Update
 I brought this device because I needed to communicate with my school . I am working on an advanced degree and often I 'm not in the area when classes are in session . I was told to buy a H323 -LRB- if you do n't know what that is do n't worry -RRB- compatible device so that could communicate with the rest of the university . I shopped around and this was by far the cheapest . I brought this device and when I went to set it up the next month , the IT department when crazy . They would n't let me use this device because of all of the problems that they had with Dlink products in the past - this one in particular . I ended up buying a ViaVideo II by Polycom and gave this one to my parents.Let me start by saying that even though they show how simple this is to configure , if you do not know how to open up ports in your firewall/router you should not by this product . Furthermore , must people have dynamic IP address so that when you call someone , it will not be the same number every time . If you do not know how to find your IP address this is not a product for you . I use a dynamic forwarding website and place the camera in the DMZ so that there are no firewall issues . I also turn of the camera when not in use , but there are no configurable items without the remote control so there is no hacking issue . If you do n't understand this paragraph then this not a product for you . It is possible for someone to set this up for you , router , ports , dynamic DNS , and all and then you will just need to know the IP address of the person that you are calling.The video on this device is much better then a web cam , but I was very disappointed by the resolution . It is nice not to have to be tied to your computer to make a video call . You can use the wireless version of the product or using a wireless bridge and buy the cheaper version without wireless and the video will be about the same.All together , it is nice to use the product without have to use the computer , but for a much better picture , the Via Video II beats this product hands down .
 My son , his wife and I -LRB- with 7 college and graduate degrees between us -RRB- spent the last 3 days trying to figure out how to set this up . I called D-Link tech support last night , waited 20 minutes only to have someone hang up on me . Called again and waited another 20 minutes for someone who told me he could only advise me if I had a D-Link router and to call my router company -LRB- if you have a Lynksys router , forget it . You call and wait to get your IP # for their box -RRB- . I finally got through and got the thing to work . Now we ca n't connect the two units . This is too hard . The product is not for the average computer-literate . I 'm going to buy a Vialta .
 Purchased this about 6 months ago , and it served as being alright . However the bag will only last you about 6 months before the strap and the structure snaps apart . The leather strap cover will literally rip right apart from your shoulder if you use it.I was holding 2 lightweight stands , my softbox , two cables for the strobes , and the strobes light hoods . It now serves as a item to fill my corner of my room before I send it to the trash . At least my hard earn dollars , has saved another from becoming a victim of purchasing this bag . Save up and invest in the calumet brand , they are durable , and comparable to tarmac .
 Totally disapointed . The connector will not fit the older Creative Zen Mico as pictured which is why I ordered it . Wasted my money .
 Are you people insane charging this much for a card that is two generations old and which was n't even that good when it was Nvidia 's top of the line offering ? Also , this card does NOT have pure video technology . But do n't take my word for it , check out the nvidia website and see for yourself . Pure video did n't come along until the series 8 cards . In short , this just goes to show you that a little bit of research can save you beaucoup $ $ .
 I was fairly satisfied with my scanner until I had to obtain a new computer , switching from Windows XP to Windows 7 . The scanner 's drivers will not work with Windows 7 . I have tried to download new drivers but , for some reason , Fujitsu does not provide the full set of drivers on its websites , only a hodgepodge of updates . I have been trying , for 3 weeks now to contact someone at Fujitsi about this issue without any response . This is a long time to be without use of the scanner and will probably need to retire the unit -LRB- only two years old -RRB- and look for another brand with more reliable and accessible tech support .
 I bought this scanner from Amazon to be able to scan docs into word , so that I could use and edit them . Although it very nicely scans into pdf files I was not able to get it to scan docs at all to word with the included ABBYY 3.0 OCR software , which it is suposed to do . -LRB- Item description said Vista compatible . -RRB- After unsuccessful hours on the phone with Fujitsu , I contacted ABBYY who told me that the ABBYY 3.0 FineReader for SnapScan , which is supplied with the sacnner , is NOT compatible with Vista ! I have had to return my scanner because of this and am disappointed that Fujitsu misrepresented that this scanner would work with Vista and then included OCR software that the mfg. says is NOT Vista compatible ! So , if you have Vista , do not buy this scanner to scan docs to word , although it works for PDF .
 I was just browsing through the reviews and I am rather shocked to see that no one else has complained about the incredibly loud and annoying grinding noise this scanner periodically makes while grappling for the next sheet of paper . My scanner has been making the noise since it was purchased , so it has nothing to do with wear-and-tear . FWIW , I use this scanner on a daily basis in an office environment , in order to reduce the need to physically store inactive files , and about once an hour , and sometimes more frequently than that , the scanner makes a horrendous crunching , grinding sound . It 's very unprofessional and I have long wondered how the scanner passed through Fujitsu 's initial testing . Clearly , I would not recommend this scanner to anyone who is n't working in , say , construction because otherwise the sound it regularly produces is unbearable .
 This scanner does scan nicely , but it was a five hour install due toa . corrupt disc in the boxb . call to customer service , ca n't access their downloads with firefox -LRB- although they did n't mention that at the time -RRB- c. call back , need to use explorerd . finally get installed ... only to discover that the scanner 's not compatible with my hp printer , and that I have to unplug the printer and do a complete reboot every time I want to use the scanner.It does scan nicely for the price , however . I 'd be really skeptical of buying this product if I was running Vista , given my issues . I suspect your experience will not be pleasant .
 I purchased the ScanSnap from Fujitsu . After 2 weeks of frustration getting the software loaded and with two calls to customer service I called on the expertise of a professional in IT . He could not get suitable answers from Fujitsu customer service and I finally threw in the towel after a promised call was never received from customer service . After returning the product to Amazon -LRB- very easy by the way -RRB- I have finally gotten the promised call 14 days after the initial day ! Needless to say , I am staying away from Fujitsu products as their customer service is woefully inadequate .
 Please note that until sometime in 2010 -LRB- according to Fujitsu -RRB- there will be NO driver support for Windows 7 . So , if you have Win 7 , steer clear of these scanners until further notice .
 I purchased this over a year ago , when i had windows XP pro running . I loved it for taking my office paperless , however due to a complete hard drive failure on my computer , I needed to replace my computer . i purchased the most powerful replacement i could find and it has VISTA 64 Bit . The driver supplied by fujitsu will not install on VISTA 64 and there seems to be no where to get a driver that will run 64 bit . Now I have a $ 500 paperweight .
 This product does a great scan , but the feeder is junk . It constantly jams and tries to feed multiple pages at once . Not recommended .
 I purchased this product over a month ago and I love that it does n't take up too much space . It is very small and scans pages pretty quickly . The major issue I 'm having is that the pages tend to jam too often . It does n't matter if the paper being inserted and scanned is old or new , previously stapled or whatever . There are times when the scanner works really well and I do not have issues with the feeder . But more often than not I have to feed even a 3 page document because it continually jams . I did not purchase this product anticipating I would have to constantly feed documents 2 pages at a time . The product description boasts that it can hold up to 50 pages . Unfortunately , you 'll be feeding the majority of those pages .
 I purchased this scanner a little over a year ago , and it performed beautifully ... until a week ago when I got a standard paper-feed jam on a single sheet I was trying to scan . As I have done many times before , I opened the front , removed the sheet and reset the scanner . It fed the sheet in a couple inches and then gave me an error message stating `` Failed to calibrate the scanner . The optical system on the scanner is in error '' I tried another sheet with the same error message.After several more tries , I called Fujitsu Tech Support who walked me through cleaning the glasses , rollers , etc. . I told her I had already done that , but we did it again . That did not fix the error , so she said the scanner would have to be repaired , and she would send a repair estimate . The repair estimate arrived
 The feeder jams at anything over two sheets of paper . If a piece of paper has a staple hole , the feeder jams . If a piece of paper was ever folded , the feeder jams . The manufacturer will not take the product back , so if you get one with a bad feeder you are stuck . I see all the great reviews , but my experience with the product has been very bad .
 Everything about this scanner is great until I bought a new computer . It looks like the company ca n't be bothered to write a new Vista 64 bit driver !
 Fujitsu ScanSnap S510 Sheet-fed ScannerWhen I considered the price I included the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- rebate in my calculations . Without that rebate it would have been too expensive a product . I submitted all of the paperwork to Fujitsu , including the filled in form on their website.After hearing nothing for a while I inquired and they gave me the cryptic message
 I have been using the ScanSnap S510 for well over a year at a low pace ; 40 to 50 pages a day . After 9 month , the feeder started to jam . I called the support center and they told me to clean the small rolls . It seemed strange to me as I do n't use the scanner extensively . My HP printers are well over three years and I never had any problems with the feeder . After cleaning the scanner , I still had the problem and the only solution is to replace the parts.When it worked it was great but as soon as the feeder started to jam it became unusable to scan large documents -LRB- 40 pages -RRB- . I am looking for a replacement right now .
 Amazon advertised it as Fujitsu fi-6300 but delivered me a ScnaSnapS510 . The retail price listed was for the fi-6300 and the list price was for scansnap . They admit it was an error on their side but what I notice is the picture was changed from what I ordered . I will be very cautious buying through Amazon again .
 UNIT WAS IN SEVERAL PIECES WHEN ARRIVED . I RETURNED IT FOR CREDIT THE SAME DAY . IT 'S ODD I RECEIVED AN EMAIL ASKING ME TO RATE THIS PRODUCT . I EVENTUALLY PURCHASED A CANON SCANNER . I 'M NOT SURE WHETHER DAMAGE WAS DUE TO SHIPPING OR MANUFACTURE . SO I WILL NOT ATTEMPT TO GIVE OPINION .
 I have owned this for about 2 years , and paid far more . Even at these lower prices , I strongly recommend against this product . Although the screen is beutiful , the interface is clunky and slow . The navigation does not direct you to the destination with great acuracy , often times saying that you have arrived when you still have 1/4 mile to go . The GPS location itself is not as good as even the cheap protable units you can get for half this price . The NAV-Traffic option displays the traffic information correctly , but does not route around traffic jams . The software is buggy , and the database is old . Updates have been non-existent despite numerous bugs , and when they are available , they cost hundreds of dollars . I 've switched to a cheap Garmin portable GPS and it navigates much better . I suggest you look at one of those .
 Routing on the Pioneer units really needs some work . I have a $ 400 Garmin that works way better . Mine will have me pass the road i should have turn on only to have me make a u turn and back track on the same road i was on and for a few miles only to turn on the road i passed 10 minutes before . This happens about 40 % of the time . If you do n't care about Navigation i would give it a 5 star rating for all the other feature . The only way you will be impressed with the pioneers is if you never owned a Garmin or just do n't care about the navigation part .
 I purchased my Avic D2 in 2006 and by 2007 I started noticing the touchscreen would not respond when inputing certain letters on the right side of the screen -LRB- R , T , Q -RRB- . Then the space bar would not respond either . In time I could not use most of the characters or letters on the entire right side of the LCD . Now the `` OK '' is completely nonresponsive on the touchscreen making the unit completely useless . I regret purchasing this unit and having it installed in place of the stock unit that would have come with my YukonXL . I thought I was purchasing a better nav.system by choosing Pioneer 's Avic D2 but instead it was a complete waste of my money ! I 've also read in different reviews that newer Avic models still have this touchscreen issue . Buyer beware , read all of the reviews you can find before investing your money on Pioneer Avic Nav . systems .
 I 've owned AVIC-D2 for 3 yrs now and I am very disappointed with this buggy product . First is the navigation , the navi will not let you enter the longitude and latitude for off-road use , my 10 yr old Garmin even in b & w ; screen can do that without a problem . second is the claimed Ipod interface that is useless and expensive . displays only 8 characters and can not search . then my screen flip motor is completely dead , sometimes will not route correctly and not well thought out interface , no bluetooth and everything needs a module to work such as Ipod , XM , etc.On the bright side , the audio does n't sound that bad as my installer have to bypass my Infiniti Bose powered speakers . The nav usage can be bypass while vehicle is moving which make it easier for passenger to look for route , which I wish I could do on my Lexus factory NAV.I can not recommend the D2 as it is not as reliable as I thought , specially with a dead screen motor that will not flip open , user will not be able to update map and change CD 's which is what is happening . The unit will cost $ 300 + to ship to Pioneer for repairs which is not worth it.Will never buy any Pioneer car products again , worse investment made on my vehicle . just glad I was able to cancel my order of the new Pioneer speakers before it got process .
 I do n't know why everyone is giving this product such a high rating . I guess they all work for Cendyne or something . This burner did n't work in my computer . I tried really hard to make it work by messing with the jumpers and IDE cables but it did n't work . i spent hours trying to make it work before i realized that this is just a cheaply made product . my friend suggested to me that i should have spent $ 50 more in order to get a decent burner . i realize now that if you spend at least $ 150 , you 'll get a burner that 's easy to use and you wo n't have to go through the trouble of returning an inferior product . In short , i learned that you get what you paid for .
 I bought this for my daughter for a christmas gift . The mouse worked for a few days then stopped working . The Key board never would work . Did not get a maunal with it .
 Keyboard misses keys , and has lag . It 's difficult to type fast on . The keys are wobbly and mushy . Keyboard keys should not move until you actually press them . The keyboard does n't even have any lights for caps/num/scroll lock.Mouse has those stupid tapered sides , not very comfortable . Feels sluggish . Weight balance is off.I do n't know if this is common but my mouse also had a lot of glue coming out of the gaps . Every time I used it , I was rubbing off dried glue from it . Disgusting.The scrollwheel completely broke after only a few months of use - like its support snapped . Amazing . I was n't rough with it.I do n't feel comfortable even reselling it so that it can make someone else want to murder . Unfortunately I think it 's just going to be tossed in the garbage to add to the endless pile of s *** the peripheral industry seems to like churning out as of late .
 I usually do n't have any problems with HP products , but this thing makes me want to never purchase anything that was manufactured by HP . The mouse and keyboard are comfortable , on/off switch comes in handy , and the keyboard does n't take up much space.However , the mouse skips , constantly , to a point where it is unusable . The keyboard also has connection issues . Letters that are pressed do n't show up for seconds or have to be pressed multiple times . After contacting HP and doing everything they tell me to try to stop the mouse from skipping , and for the keyboard to connect better , I was told that it 's because the mouse and keyboard need to be closer to the receiver . They said that it wo n't work like it 's supposed to if the receiver is more then 1 foot away . With that being said , my tower is on the floor , so the receiver is less then 2 feet away from the mouse or keyboard , and , according to the product manual , the keyboard and mouse are supposed to have a range of 3m , or 10 feet.In other words , other then false advertising , this product is so bad , that I have to change how my computer is set up on my desk , even though it 's supposed to work with my current set up . I guess the key words are that it 's `` supposed to work '' as advertised.When I called , they should have just told me that I wasted my money on this thing .
 Had high hopes for this combo . Keyboard is great but the mouse , more than occasionally , has jerky hesitation with cursor movement . I 've changes batteries , restarted . . nothing seems to fix it .
 I have owned this product for 2 years . I have replace it under warranty twice . The one I have now stopped working also , due to a loose or bad wire for the power to the unit . A lifetime warranty means nothing if you have to keep sending it in at YOUR expense . This has been a repeated problem with each unit that I have owned . They simply stop working . I recommend the Sennheiser wireless head phones that I purchased a year ago that operate on a better wireless system . You can buy them from Amazon . Good luck !
 The ears phones are really bad . Unable to open the battery compartment on the ear piece to put batteries inside . Does n't come with any directions ! I sent mine back for a refund . Completely unusable !!
 This mouse pad is very smooth , and on the first few uses was a delight to use because of this - it tracked evenly and the mouse flowed over the surface lightly . However , after only a few uses , I began to have major problems because of the smooth surface - the light from the mouse would bounce back in odd directions , causing my pointer to jump around the screen . Returning to my old , course mouse pad corrected the issue .
 This mouse pad starts out great , but after a little use the mouse starts sticking to the pad and when I hold it up to the light I can see shiny areas on the mouse pad , also it seems to have scratched my new mouse feet too . Yes , I bought new mouse feet because I thought maybe it was the old mouse feet on my mouse , but now I 'm confident this mouse pad had something to do with it . After a day or so of use , every time I go to make little movements with the mouse it sticks at first and I have to push to compensate , and then once the mouse unsticks from the pad it shoots off and I have to bring the mouse back , which basically makes fine movements impossible and frustrating.If you want a smooth glide mouse pad I would n't recommend this one .
 I purchased the Cendyne drive and it will not work in any PC 's for either reading CD 's or buring . It reads incredibly slow and failed at 6 burn attempts across 2 PC 's on it 's own IDE channel.Before purchasing a Cendyne product , check out their web page and see the tech support bbs . Many , many unhappy users with complaints going unanswered .
 This is a VERY basic program . There is no way to see thumbnails of previous images along with a large window of the current captured image -LRB- as in Capture One software -RRB- . Also , the capture window is very small . The only way to see other images that you have taken during a session is to use the image viewer . The only buttons for moving through the files are forward or back . So you have to go through all of your files to get to a specific one . Also , it takes at least 15 seconds for each image to come up in the viewer . So imagine how long it takes to go back five images ! SLOW , SLOW , SLOW!This software will slow down your workflow immensely and is very cumbersome to use . I do not recommend it as there is more advanced software on the market .
 This is the worst media I 've ever tried to use . ... . Well about 1 of every 5 cdrs actually works . Most of the time I just get bad media errors . I thought burning at 1x would help , but that does n't work at all . Be sure to burn at 2x or higher . ... Pay a little more and go get some real media .
 the price is good , but the Cd 's are slightly thicker than others and they stall in the MACS with auto insert cd drives .
 50 percent of the CDs do n't work . The other CDs i have always work , but these usually dont work . It is a waste of money , spend a little more money and get better quality with the Khypermedia CDs .
 The price was great per CD-R , so I thought I 'd give it a try . Unfortunately , more than 20 % of the discs had errors on them and could not be used . I have an excellent Ricoh burner and have never had any problems with the major brand discs I have always purchased in the past . I think that the storage method of placing them on a spindle causes too many problems . It 's just not worth it when you waste your time trying to burn a disc only to be told half way through that the media is defective ! I have enough coasters around my house ... think I 'll just stick with the majors and pay a little more for quality ...
 I bought these for use at home , and none of them will burn at over 4X and every time I try to burn a cd it errors out . I have a brand new burner , and tried them on several other burners and no change . I do not recommend this product .
 Be cautioned - these cd 's start delaminating and skipping after a few months if used for music . CD 's that were kept in jewel cases and never used after initial recording had problems . I have n't used them for data , but I imagine they 'd be no different .
 5 out of 6 of the CDs died while being written . I got media error .
 After buying this drive a few months ago at a local Comp-USA , I 'd like to now pass along a few tips to those considering this unit.I would suggest you not buy this drive IF : -LRB- 1 -RRB- You expect it to work . -LRB- Mine failed after 21/2 months of light usage . -RRB- -LRB- 2 -RRB- You expect any meaningful response from Cendyne tech support . Go take a look at Cendyne 's crude webpage and note the general lack of specific info about anything . Be sure to read the terms of the warranty , especially about the need for an RMA number before returning anything . And you 'll have to supply info to get an RMA . LOTS of info , even if it has nothing to do with the problem . I was genuinely surprised they did n't ask for blood type . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Do n't buy this drive if you ever throw away anything . They probably wo n't accept it back unless it 's shipped in the original box . -LRB- 4 -RRB- And finally , do n't buy this if a rebate is offered and you expect to receive it . -LRB- OK , I did get the rebate , but only after 12 weeks and a lot of prodding . -RRB- There are lots of good CD-ROM drives out there . This is n't one of them . Buy one from a real manufacturer with a real company , not just a marketing facade .
 Wow , all the other complaints about this product are correct . I purchased this drive in early March and 3 weeks ago it stoped working and I hardly ever use the drive . So do your self a favor and spend the extra bucks to buy a good CD-Rom Drive .
 This item came without any manual or installation software . The website was useless in providing any support for this item . This CD Rom worked for only a short while after being installed with the generic Windows drivers . My recommendation is to save your money and not buy this product . The discount is n't worth the headache .
 I made the bad mistake of purchasing this drive about 2 months ago . I ca n't say enough bad things about it . I probably should have returned it immediately but I did n't now I -LSB- had a bad unit -RSB- .
 Not at all good . Maybe I just got a defective one , but the left mouse button fails to reliably ` click ' after just a weeks use . Also , it seems to move slugishly when the CPU is stressed ; e.g. during video playback , etc , when other mice -LRB- and the touchpad -RRB- function properly . It 's not in the trash yet , but it 's close .
 Take my warning
 Everything I read bad about this device is TRUE!The FTC should investigate these people.Customer support was a joke . The first call I made lasted about 15 min . At that time I was cut off . The 2nd call I terminated after being on hold for 20 min.When the recording mentioned I could go on line to RCA.com I realized why this speaker is Junk!I 'm in my late 50 's and anybody my age knows that RCA has been pedeling JUNK for the last 40 years.If you buy this speaker you are a big a FOOL as I was.R.P . Farrow
 The headphones work fine , they are n't the best ... but I was n't really expecting the best , in terms of sound quality . Still , its far better than nothing . Fun to have music while swimming laps , really does alleviate the boredom . Nice to listen to eBooks and even news Podcasts while swimming . They do n't fall out if you 've got them securely jammed into your ears . Mine -LRB- well , one side at least -RRB- often stays put for an hour or so of lap swimming.Those were the pros.The cons , well only one really , but bad enough for me to give only two stars . The buds themselves are n't really the problem . Its the little plastic covers that are supposed to fit inside your ears . Ouch!These hurt . If you are any kind of sensitive , you may have an earache for a little while after wearing them . If you have to take them in and out more than once or twice while using them , you ear canals will feel as if you 've cleaned them with sandpaper.My ear canals were so sore afterwards that even soft foam earplugs , which I sometimes wear at night , made my ears throb and hurt and I had to remove them . I could only wear these headphones if I waited some days in between for my ear canals to heal so they could take the abuse for another lap swim session.I am returning them and looking for something a little kinder .
 I 've now had four pairs of these phones -LRB- primarily because nothing else is available that works -RRB- . They have great sound when they do n't slip out of your ear canal -LRB- how wonderful if they had some way to keep them from ripping out of your ear canal during a flip-turn or push off -RRB- . My chief complaint is that they all fail w/in about 3 weeks of use -LRB- I swim about 3000m a day , five days a week -RRB- . Dissecting them shows that the internal cables are hair-thin and have all broken from metal fatigue . I 've even tried reinforcing the cable at points where it bends -LRB- near the jack -RRB- with electrical tape , but that just moves the fatigue point to the end of the reinforced point . Come on folks , use decent cabling .
 The Otterbox waterproof case I ordered with these works great . I have a difficult time keeping these in my ears while I am swimming . After the sound stopped coming out a one side -LRB- only after 10 laps -RRB- , I just concentrating on keeping the other side in my ear until a couple more laps when that side also stopped working . I let them dry while I did a few more laps . I was able to get them to work again , but it was just too much of a hassle . The sound quality was good when I was able to keep them in my ears and when they were working .
 These plugs do not last very long because they only stay waterproof for a little over a month .
 I bought a pack of 110 of these CDs . . about a third of them were defective . The problems I 've had include : the CD writer could n't write to themaudio cds would n't play in a stereo that can play cdr ` sdata cd 's could n't be read on cdrom drivesI 've used 2 different buners and still have the same results.buring software
 I baught these at BestBuy twice and now they 've stopped selling them all together . I 'm really sad . Noone else carries them . I love PNY . I 've never gotten any other name brand to work for even Audio . PNY playes in my Audio Cd Player , Sterio , ETC. . And does n't break . A few scratches here and there . But keeps playing . Never let me down . Even the RW 's are great.Don ' t listen to anybody else . PNY rules - !!!!!
 Sounds good , now if it were only true ... These disks will NOT record over 4x , so if you got a fast CD burner , you 'll be ripped off .
 When I bought these at Best Buy a sales clerk told me they would not work well for audio applications , he had seen a lot returned . Since there was a rebate that made my cost -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- and I got the impression it was only when played in an audio CD player , I thought I would give them a try anyways.He was right . They are totally useless for audio and would not work correctly either on an audio CD player or in the computer CD-ROM or CD-RW players . If you ca n't trust them for audio , you should n't trust them for data . I would avoid these CD-R 's .
 I bought this unit Oct 18 , 2001 . The unit 's laser mechanism failed recently , rendering the drive useless . The drive has had minimal use , 3 recording sessions . While laser failures are common , short warrantees from prominent manufacturers are not . Upon contacting HP tech support I was informed these units only have a 90-day warrantee because HP has decided to exit the CD-RW business and focus solely on DVD offerings . Thus the pricing on their latest CD-RW products is substantially lower in price than previously . It is cheaper to throw this drive away and buy another than to repair it .
 Off the bat
 used to use my canon 18-55 to shoot indoors & for wide angle shots but I needed to replace it quite quickly just before christmas - I did n't want to spend too much for a lens just to take some pics over christmas holiday so I got this - I was expecting that it would n't be the same as my canon lens but gosh , I 've only been frustrated by this lens - even when lighting is light enough to get it to focus , the focus is NOT good - but that 's only when it will focus because I have been having a heck-uva-time trying to get it to focus on my kids unless their whole face is aiming directly at me AND there is enough light on the facial features for the lens to find something to focus on - low light focusing , forget it . focusing with flash - forget it also . ca n't wait to buy another canon 18-55 - argh !
 I bought this lens to use with my Canon Rebel XTi . I am not a beginner to digital or SLR so I know what settings to use in each lighting situation . It is impossible to get a good exposure with this lens . More often than not the pictures end up being overexposed . If they are n't overexposed they are underexposed . There seems to be NO middle ground with this lens . Getting a decently exposed shot is like winning the lottery ... next to impossible ! Out of 1500 pictures I managed to get 3 pictures that are properly exposed and they still look really bad . ALL of the pictures come out really soft . They are so soft that they almost seem out of focus . I have no issues while using a different Tamron lens on my camera . It is just this lens . I plan on sending this in to Tamron to see if maybe , just maybe there is an issue with my lens , but I doubt that it will come back in any better shape . If it does then I will edit my review accordingly , but in the meantime ... I wish I had NEVER BOUGHT THIS !!!!
 I ordered this lens after noticing in the item 's picture that it has an aperture ring , which I need for an experiment . Unfortunately , the lens I got does n't have an aperture ring maybe because they 're selling a new version of it!The lens itself looks good for its price & I really like its build , also it came with a lens hood . I did n't test its quality that much , but the images looks fine when taken under appropriate lighting . The most annoying thing about it is its extremely loud autofucus .
 I received the lens in record time and greatly appreciated that . But the lens only show a very small circle when trying to look through the view finder and take a picture ...
 1700 model broke after 2uses . . finally talked to human at mintek cutomer service , sent unit back got call from mintek that unit couldnt b fixed & send more cash for new one shipped free.contacted BBB , filed complaint , manager from Mintek called after BBB contacted him & left a very nasty message on our voicemail . . swearing at us.got new model after 3 plays the battery charger stopped working only plays with electric.NEVER BUY MINTEKThey got sued back in 2/2007 read for yourselfhttp : / / www.mpegla.com .
 2 Stars because the seller could have provided more information ; such as the `` For Use With : '' list on the package , the voltage and current specs , and the diameter of the connector.These are the items in the `` For Use With : '' list , on the item 's package : RoadyXTXpressMyFiTAO XM2goAirWareinnoHelixNeXus -LRB- See , I 'm kind , I 'll tell you what it works with , even though the seller wo n't . -RRB- I bought this hoping that it would power a `` Sirius Receiver Car Dock ; '' Model : SDSV6V1 `` Stratus 6 & Vehicle Kit . `` It ca n't work for that , because this product 's conector is too small for my receiver . Other than the list above from the package , I do n't know what other Sirius or XM items this might fit or work with.The Output Specs are
 This product did not work . If you are ordering one , make sure that you have the correct one . It cost to much to send it back so I 'm stuck with it . Check twice order once .
 Mine worked great for 14 months with my iMac , network and peripherals , then it died . When it worked it was quiet and gave absolutely no problems . HOWEVER , it suddenly died in the 14th month of operation . A switch should last longer than that . I suggest a D-Link product for longer use .
 The unit has not work since day 1 . It crashes my computer and places it in a perpetual rebooting cycle . I called Linksys customer support severak times . They all agreed the unit needs to be replaced . First time I called the person was in India and the other was in Philipins . They instructed me to go to their web site and under the Warrant tab enter my information and get an RMA # through internet . So far , the RMA -LRB- only this site . Other parts of the Linksys URL I tried work fine -RRB- site has been down and they have so far refused to issue a number by the phone .
 Like another reviewer mine went bad in far too short of a time . There 's really no excuse for it . Of course there is only a one year warranty , and the folks at lynksys would n't even give me a price break on a replacement . So I think I 'll be going elsewhere this time .
 I specifically ordered the product because the form factor met my requirements . It is NOT acceptable to substitute a different product without notifying the buyer first .
 Linksys/Cisco is lying to consumers by providing three different products with totally different features and warranty periods , yet describing the products the same model number.Please permit me to present my credentials
 I am a little disappointed that the item viewed on this site is NOT the item you recieve . I purchased this item because I like the design , and also the name . I have a linksys cable modem , and a linksys wireless access point of the same design . I purchused this item so that all three devices would be stackable . Well , the item recieved today is the `` new '' design which does me no good . I am sure the device works fine , but I really needed the old design .
 I purchased this switch in November 2005 and seemed to significantly improve my network throughput . I 've been purchasing Linksys products for years and have never had any problems from any of them.Like many I quickly found that the switches fan was quite loud . Since it was in a room with 5 or so computers , the noise did n't really bother me that much . The switch did its job and that 's all I needed it to do.Over the past few months , the fan has gotten progressively louder with a pleasing rattling noise as well . Obviously , the fan was approaching the end of it 's sad little life . Then last week , the loud fan noise ceased . The sad little fan had breathed its last . When I touched the case , I was astonished how hot the switch was running . Obviously , something needed to happen . There was a very real chance of fire.Now the real fun began.Yesterday , I placed a call to Linksys ' tech support . After waiting on hold for 45 minutes , I spoke with a tech support person -LRB- Let 's call him 29845 -RRB- . I was given a case number that was supposed to allow me to return the unit . Sadly , the number was rejected as invalid by the RMA `` support '' web site.Next , I tried their `` live chat '' `` support '' tool online . This time the wait was only 40 minutes and I spoke -LRB- typed ? -RRB- with a very nice , but ineffective person -LRB- 25174 -RRB- who promised that I would be sent an email with a case number once I disconnected from the chat session . Of course , that number never came . Lovely . Another hour of my life gone.The next morning , I called the Tech support line . Joy ! They picked up right away . I spoke with a gentleman named 43406 who was very nice , but was obviously not a deep thinker . He thought that it was very important that I needed to tell him who my ISP was and what my OS was before he could consider the issue with my bad fan . After a while it became apparent that he was in over his head , he placed me on hold so he could consult with his manager . After about 20 minutes , he picked up again , made some noises that sounded like he was scratching himself with the receiver then hung up on me.At this point , I was feeling very `` special '' ... I 've never really ever had to deal with Linksys before for support issues . I 'm not sure I have the constitution to ever try again.Their products are generally pretty good . Since I usually never need tech support , I 'm usually pretty happy with their products . This type of `` support '' is appallingly bad though . They 've wasted a couple hours of my life and left me rather disgusted.If you 're willing to purchase any of their products , you should probably consider them throwaway items , because you 're not likely to get ANY competent support from them .
 This thing is so LOUD !! , it never should have been put on shelves for sale . Its absolutely atrocious ! Its insane ! Its horrible ! Its a piece of cr * p for being so loud !! But there is a fix if you are a bit of a doit your selfer . Go to google and search for LinkSysGigabitFanFix.jpg . Follow at your own peril . I did n't put it together , but its too late to return mine and I thought this might help other poeople who are in the same boat.Did I mention how LOUD it is !!!!!!!! No seriously !!!!! It will give you a headache if you 're in the same room for extended periods of time . Its hella loud !!! If you do n't believe me , you will regret it when you go buy this . But if you already have and its too late to return it . Check out the fix above . Which I did not author , but thought I 'd pass along because its useful .
 After reading some previous reviews about the noise , I was still not convinced and decided to give it a try . After all , my home office already has 3 computers and 2 laptops , along with serval external devices with fans running all the time . Little did I know that this thing is really such a turbo engine . Not only was it loud , its high-pitch noise actually stood out amoung all the noisy devices that I have.Performance aside -LRB- which I think is about the same as my other netgear gigabit switch -RRB- , I doubt it 's even suitable for an office/cube with such disturbing noise .
 We purchased a Linksys EG008W at the beginning of 2004 ; the fan was very noisy from the beginning , but workeded ok out of a remote basement closet . However , after six months , the fan failed altogether . Linksys RMA has been a disappointment -- they claim they are `` backordered '' on replacement product . Sheesh.Although the product seemed to work as advertised , given the noisy fan and Linksys ' impossibly slow RMA and poor warranty service , can not recommend purchasing this product . AVOID
 First let me say that I love Cisco and Linksys products . I love them so much that when I wanted to replace my old 100 BaseT switch I use for the 4 computers I work with at home I did n't think twice about buying the SD2008 switch , and so I did n't bother to see if there were any reviews written about this product . That was a mistake , as I can see now that I 'm not the first one to complain about the noise of this switch.This switch is LOUD . VERY LOUD . Louder than all of my other computers and network equipment put together by AN ORDER OF MAGNITUDE ! I ca n't believe how loud this switch is , and am shocked to see something like this come out of Linksys . I feel this product should come with a warning label on the box , and it truly should be recalled because of this amount of noise . I 'll be trying to return this thing later this week . I 've seen at least one other similar Gigabit switch which has a fanless design , and that will be my criteria from now on . I 've also found a web page describing how to open this switch and replace the fan with a quieter one , search Google since I do n't think I can paste an URL here .
 I just purchased one of those , plugged it in , plugged it out , and put in back in its box to return it . The noise level of the internal fan -LRB- since when home switches need fans ??? -RRB- is totally ridiculous ; its a lot louder than any of the PCs I have .
 In a nutshell :2 units - 2 broken fans within a month - and these things can cook eggs while the fan is running . I want to replace the fan with something better than the crap they have , but they force me to RMA it since it 's snapped together ... not screwed . Which sucks because I would n't mind replacing this cheap crap-fan with something quieter & better quality .
 I have had the Linksys EG008W switch for three years . It stopped functioning , yesterday.It is very , very noisy ! The fan is constantly whining.There are better choices for 8-port Gigabit switches . I replaced mine with a Netgear , which is completely silent .
 I really could n't believe it when others noted how loud this thing was . I ordered it anyway . Unfortunately , they were right . This thing is egregiously loud . It 's in my upstairs bonus room and I can hear it from my master bedroom downstairs . It 's louder than all the rest of my computer equipment combined . Too bad too , because it 's an attractive piece that seems to work fine and fits nicely on my desk with my Linksys router and Linksys Vonage box.Anyone need a good switch to put in a closet ?
 I 've dealt with other switches before , but I have never seen a switch a loud at this monster . Only huge server farms go louder that the cacophony of this monstrosity of a switch.Linksys is definately going from worse to worser , which is a same because there used to be a level of quality at Linksys , but that seems less often than not these days .
 Plain and Simple , I ca n't coexist with this switch in my Office . I ca n't belive this switch is about 3 times louder than my air filter , it only compares to it at high speed -LRB- and it is a big air Filter ! -RRB- . For the person who told that this switch is as loud as his notebook . . I ca n't imagine what laptop he owns ! . I bought a D-Link DGS-1008D , Way cheaper , and I am not a systems engineer , but I am pretty sure it does the same job , cheaply and SILENTLY ! .
 I bought one of these 8 months ago . It died this morning . As many reviews have said this sucker is loud . I have an old 100 MBps Switch as a stand in for this box today and my office is peaceful . For once I can actually hear the leaves rustling in the trees outside the window.Aside from the noise I 've also noticed that this product rarely delivers the performance promise . All the machines in my network -LRB- with the exception of the wireless bridges -RRB- are gigabit but I rarely get speeds above and beyond what my 100Mbps switch could do.This device also runs really hot . It produces more heat that my Dell Precision 670 desktop with its 2 dual-core processors . I 'm actually glad it died because now I have an excuse to get something different.I 'm buying the Netgear GS608 , I have a GS605 downstairs and there is no fan noise at all -LRB- in fact I do n't think it has a fan -RRB- . My GS605 is not without it 's issues though . I 've noticed that it does n't restart well after a power outage -LRB- something that is unfortunately common in California these days -RRB- . I usually have to go and unplug it and plug it back in . I 'll take that minor annoyance over the noise and heat .
 This item arrived and broke down in 72 hrs ... Amazing.Most likely part of the issue is my responsibility so I will take the loss because I place it on top of a subwoofer.But being electronics it should be shielded more properly . . Now only the power comes on and the rest do not work ... Angel Rios
 At work , we installed this switch on the test bench , which sees infrequent use . After about three weeks , I noticed that computers connected to the switch were n't talking to the network anymore . A few checks later and I found out that the switch had fried itself , despite being new and in a well ventilated space .
 Like the other reviews , I found the fan to be very loud . After a few months of use , the fan died , along with the unit . It took about an hour of hold time and to reps before Linksys agreed to RMA the unit.Basically Linksys ruined a perfectly good switch by putting a substandard fan in it . And their support made the RMA process a chore .
 I purchased this DVD for my son on 12/30/07 and it is now 7/22/08 , just less than 6 months and it does not work . The DVD player does not show movies but it plays CDs . It makes a horrible noise when it is loading . I called Spectroniq four times with no help at all . They had me try four different things which did not solve my problem . Their workers are from a foreign country therefore the communication was poor and customer service was terrible . My daughter had the same problem with her Philips Portable Player and the company told me to just ship the DVD back and they would replace it . I purchased this DVD for $ 140.00 , so take my advice , do n't waste your money purchasing this player .
 SpectronIQ has a 90 day warranty . How bad would your electronics have to be to break within 90 days ? My DVD player lasted about 5 months of light use , then the battery bulged and would not stay in the unit . Look at the companies web site before you buy . To me , it seems they are counting on making money off the people who will buy non-name brand because it is super cheap . In the case of this company , I would say definitely think twice .
 The skin is great ... fits nicely . Too bad the Zen was a piece of junk that lasted less than three months before it hung up permanently . Do n't bother to buy a skin for a hunk of junk.Go buy an ipod - chances are it will last a little longer .
 I must say that I had to return my Atdec wall mount , cuz it 's made in a cut corner way that should be rejected . VESA measurements are 75mm or 100mm , and usually 100mm we would be using . This Atdec wall mount has one piece @ 100mm , but the second part is only 75mm , so it has the smaller 75mm screw-ins . On my 2 LCD PC monitors , the monitors had 100mm screw fittings , so I was forced to put the 75mm piece of the mount afixed to the wall . This made the piece on the wall set in w / small distance between screws . Ifelt unsure , and after turning my wall mounted monitor on & off a few times . the wall mount 75mm piece started to loosen . Do n't buy this mount . Peerless is a far better unit to get for yourself .
 Like most people who would purchase this product , I wrote of the negative reviews to high maintenance people who simply had a bad experience with low-end customer support . Ultimately , it was the product itself that was below acceptable standard in my situation . Used the player for 2 days at which time the LCD screen died ... music would still play , but still nothing on the LCD . Decent features and price ... but definitely not worth the trouble when you can get a SanDisk for an extra 30 dollars . If you are going to risk it , go with Amazon ... great return policy and you dont have to deal with the subpar Macvision support staff you 've read about in other reviews .
 the mp3 player works fine . the only problem i faced was that it should have a auto turn off if the mp3 player is left playing for some time . also , the usb connector cable provided with the mp3 player was not working so i had to get another one from the market . i would prefer a mp3 player which directly connects to the usb port & not through a usb connector cable . over all , i would give it 1 star out of 5 .
 If you are anticipating an iPod-like experience definitely stay away from these players . This product has a toggle switch for navigating through music menus but after only a week of use the switch often gets stuck - sending you continually through the music list.The FM receiver is decent , and nice to have , but the hard-to-navigate interface and `` cheapness '' of the product means it should be skipped for an even slightly more expensive product .
 I bought this MP3 player three months ago , I never managed to connect it to any of my 3 computers -LRB- one running XP SP1 and two running Win2K SP4 -RRB- . After countless emails sent to macvision , I finally got an answer saying that I should download the driver , but the manual says that there is no need of driver for XP or win2k ?? After countless tries to call their 1800 I finally managed to get hold of someone , who was nice to me , but did n't solve the problem.He asked me to send the player to him and he would send me a new one . For more than a month now I have n't heard from anybody and have n't got a new player.I 've sent several emails and left several voice messages , no replies.I 've lost hopes of ever seeing this MP3 player again.Stay away from this company , pay a little bit more and buy from someone who is serious . They are not .
 I have returned this item because of the following reasons .1 - The Hold button was not working when I got the mp3 player .2 - it was rebooting when playing songs without any reason.Also some of my experinces are3 - Menu was very unusefull . After a few times you can get used to it but it should be simple not a rocket science .4 - Battery is runnig out quickly . It takes less then 12 hour in the pause mode .
 it was very difficult to load songs onto the mpe player no matter what format they were , in the songs still would not load onto it .
 For some reason I thought that this would be a good investment . But turns out that the stations would not stay programmed and it would lose connection and have to be turned of completly to get set . This is the poorest product I have ever purchased . I do not want to spend my time resetting my MP3 player . I could not get a steady two hours out of the deal .
 The item I bought did n't work at all and I returned it . Maybe I was unlucky !
 The rotating advance wheel sticks and if it gets bumped , you go back to the beginning or it shuts off all together.The sound is nice , but not sturdy enough for me .
 This thing is slower than the internal modem that was in my 10 year old laptop .
 Cheaply made in materials and looks , but worked fine for approximately 2 months . Now both fans sound like they 're in agony . Tried using compressed air to clean -- did n't work . Need to jamb something under metal plate so the hurtful sound of the rackety fans does n't travel through the wood of my desk . Do not purchase . You are warned !
 This tablet did n't come with updated drivers , so I spent over an hour searching the internet for the most recent mac driver . Finally I got it to work . Now , a few months later the flimsy plastic pen fell apart when I was trying to change the battery . I am going to replace it with a different brand .
 I 'll start by saying this tablet is very basic , and if basic is all you need you ca n't beat the price . Be forewarned , though , the manual included is very ... lackluster & in broken english . Also , good luck with finding a website , manufacturer phone number , or address where you can write to . Do n't lose the program disc , or buy one of these that 's missing the disc.I can draw with this tablet in Corel 9 , but I do n't have any of the pressure sensitivity . I think the instructions try to tell me as much since I 'm using XP , but it 's hard to tell . No sensitivity with Windows Paint , either . But I know the function does actually work , since I can get sensitivity results in the programs own test-box , but that 's it .
 I just got this tablet cuz I ca n't afford a Wacom . I have n't been able to get it to work yet ... ** UPDATE - I got it working ! See update in comments section . I would also give it 4 stars now that I 've figured out my driver issues . ** This product is very low quality -LRB- which is why they can sell it so cheaply -RRB- and from the reviews and forums on other websites , it seems like about half of the units that are shipped are lemons . Many report that it works flawlessly out of the box . In particular people using MacOSX or Windows Vista seem to have a lot of problems but then again some others who use those operating systems said that it works like a charm . It seems to be either 1 -RRB- problems with the pen not working or 2 -RRB- crappy driver software . Put that together with almost non-existant customer service -LRB- the company is in China -RRB- makes it a huge risk to purchase this . I wish I would have saved for a real Wacom . You get what you pay for ... FYI , Here 's a description of my own personal issues : I 'm using a MacBook Pro with OS X 10.4.11 . I 've tried both the 1.23 and 1.24 drivers for MacOSX but nothing does n't work . The weird thing is that it actually responds to the pen and all the lights light up when I put the pen on the tablet or push one of the buttons . But the cursor is always stuck in the lower right corner of the screen and no matter what I do I ca n't get it to leave that corner . If I use my mouse to move the cursor to the middle of the screen , as soon as I hover the pen over the tablet the cursor moves immediately to the lower right corner .
 The batteries appeared new but would not hold a charge . They evidently had exceeded their shelf life . I had to purchase some locally to get the phones working .
 After I purchased this item , about four weeks later , the seller came back and said this item has been discontinued without telling me until after four weeks of waiting , not very good PR as far as I 'm concerned . . Dan Hughes
 This is one of the least expensive feature-packed mp3 players around but with all the bells and whistles come lots of glitches and inconsistencies . The first unit had to be returned after a software problem burned it up in the first two weeks of use . I 'm now 10 months in with the replacement and have learned never to count on this unit - sometimes it works great , sometimes not at all . The WMA format support ended last month . I have never had more than 90 minutes of music on the rechargeable battery even after 10 hours of charging . With an alkaline battery it plays fine for up to 6 hours . The sound quality is good and the expansion slot is a must but I wish I would have spent a little more for something I could count on .
 could not get it to down load anything . Could not get the radio to play corectly and the battery wears down within only a few minutes . I have a Sandisk and it is a thousand times better .
 Hello , I own this attractive looking power supply simply because Computer Geeks offered it for a low price of $ 26.99 and I was curious to see what it was.It is good to look at and much work in its making but total out of standards . I tried to fit it in four different cases -LRB- cooler master , inwin ... -RRB- and did even try grinding the case . The ribbed aluminum shell is too wide and the flimsy grill over the radiator is held by tiny watch screws that come off and strip in the process.It is made most likely to fit one particular case and not others at all.The ignorance is evident when comes to SATA connectors . The ledge around the terminal is in conflict with the SATA DATA connector next to it on the peripheral device such as CDROM or Hard drive . It has to be ground or shaved off . I tried just fitting it and it broke my DATA connector on HD removable caddy . There goes my savings not buying it from Amazon . I did put it in the attic to avoid more losses .
 I bought this thinking it sounded like a great PS for a low power computer that would just be used for streaming meadia to a TV in our bedroom . The idea of a fairly efficient , modular and silent PS sounded great , so I ordered one . Well after not fitting into the case that I intended to put it in , I moved on to option # 2 and found that it did n't fit in their either , so I went on to option # 3 my office desktop . On my office case , the only normal tower out of the bunch , I run into a fitament issue . The extended part where the heat pipes are and the grill come off the back side of the PS and case does n't fit , it is interferred with an edge on the PS area of my case . Well I am not about to break down and pay shipping for the second time to return it and I have a need for the PS , so I break out the dremel and grind down the part that was interfering . I will tell you with hind sight I should have cut my losses and returned it , but I am stubborn , so I shoehorn it in there with a little elbow grease and quickly attach the screws , one stripped and I am still working on that and viola its in there.Now to the cables . These things are overly large and shielded making them very unflexible and cumbersome . As I am attaching the cables I am wishing to myself that I had just sucked it up and returned it as now I have dinged up the grill and stripped out a screw hole , so I might not be able to get a refund . There are only 2 SATA cables , I felt really thankful that I have held on to my IDE DVD and DVD RW drives over the past couple of builds otherwise I would have come up short on SATA power cables . When it comes to the SATA connectors they are overly large and cumbersome such that I was worried about damaging the drives as I crammed it in next to the sata cable . Well with enough grit and determination I got the cables all connected and installed , maybe a tad bit less clutter than the previous non-modular PS and the even better news is it fired up first try . I will keep it in this tower as long as it gets the job done , but feel like I really did more damage than good and went from a 80 Plus 650 watt PS to a not so efficient 500 watt PS and although it is nice and quiet I did n't really care about that in my office.Just make sure you are okay with some frustration and possibbly having to modify your tower to get it to fit . Also count your SATA drives and make sure you can get by with only 2 .
 I ordered this item and wish I never did . It does n't cover the entire surface of my ipod and is really hard to get it lined up correctly . Ended up just throwing it away because I did n't want to waste more money shipping it back .
 I just replaced this Kensington optical wheel mouse with a Logitech dual optical mouse . The Kensington mouse did not have a smooth movement . Also , the `` acceleration '' feature did not function . The factory customer service rep said this is standard for Kensington mice , because the acceleration feature is for a trackball . The logitech dual optical mouse is such an improvement ! The dual optical sensors make it really precise , with a smooth movement ! Logitech has the best acceleration function that I have found in a mouse . Also , the mouse glides on the mouse pad , whereas the Kensington mouse seemed to stick , then slip , repeatedly . Summary
 I like this mouse because it has a cord -LRB- So no battery charging or changing required -RRB- . However , I find it kind of pathetic when you have to install a driver just for a mouse . It takes up a small amount on my hard drive , but I still find it unnecessary . I replaced this mouse with a Logitech wireless mouse that required NO installation of anything ! Also , -LRB- Not sure if this is just me -RRB- but the mouse tends to lag when I use it -LRB- Most noticeable when I play simple point and click games -RRB- which is VERY frustrating !! Changing the settings does n't do anything to improve this . This mouse makes me want to go back to the days of mouses with balls . Because of the lagging with this mouse , my wrist tends to hurt if I 'm on the computer for a long time -LRB- And I tend to try spending A LOT of time on computers -RRB- . PS I understand that the software helps program the two side buttons , but the installation took longer than just to install the interface , it took up too much space for this one device .
 Kensinton is a good product name , but is worthless if the supplier is out of stock.That is why the 1 star . Ritzcamera was the supplyier .
 The mouse does n't fully function on any new OS . Windows 7 or Vista . If you call for tech support by the Kensingston , there is no response , yet they continue to sell a defective product . I really needed a working 5 button mouse , only two of the buttons work . I would be wary of any new Kensingston products in general now .
 I recently purchased this item to replace a dying mouse . I am used to using a 5-button mouse for tasks , so I thought this would be a suitable replacement . I installed the provided software , which is required to customize the programmable buttons , and that is where I ran into my problem . Without the software , the mouse functions normally . However , as another reviewer mentioned , the provided software caused a delay between clicking the mouse button and the mouse button being recognized as having been clicked . This causes major issues , and these two examples demonstrate it
 After downloading and installing Mouseworks , the Kensington mouse software , I found out the software does n't work with Lion -LRB- or Snow Leopard for that matter -RRB- . Kensington is aware , and has no intention of updating the software . I returned the item and have no intention of purchasing Kensington products again . I purchased it to be able to use the side buttons , but they were unusable with Mac . If you want a mouse without the side buttons , buy another one .
 I 've used Kensington products in the past , including a much older ` mouse-in-a-box ' mouse years ago , so when I got a new computer and did n't like the mouse it came with , I started searching for a new mouse.I found this , the Kensington Mouse-in-a-Box Optical Elite USB Mouse and thought I 'd try it . The mouse has a nice solid feel , and for my medium-to-large male hands , it fits nice.But then I installed the MouseWorks software . Or , at least I tried to install the software ... which is when I learned that MouseWorks is n't supported under Mac OS X 10.6.4 . You can install the software , and open/run the MouseWorks software ... but it tells you there 's no driver installed and no Kensington mouse attached.So I contacted Kensington support . They sent me a long list of instructions that required uninstalling the software , multiple reboots , disconnecting and reconnecting the mouse , and downloading and installing ` new ' MouseWorks software -LRB- which was the same version I 'd reported the problem with -RRB- , and still it did n't work . It took a week of back and forth messages to Kensington support for them to admit that their MouseWorks software did n't work with Mac OS X 10.6.4 , and that the latest version of the MouseWorks software was released in 2006 , and they were no longer updating the software , and so sorry , that 's the way it is.Now , the mouse itself works , and the right and left buttons work , and the scroll wheel works . So the mouse is usable , but you ca n't program the buttons.Oh , and I run BootCamp with Windows 7 ... and guess what ? MouseWorks is n't supported for Windows 7 either , so you PC owners can stop laughing at the Macintosh owners.The mouse has a nice feel too it , which is why it got two stars.But you can forget about the extra buttons .
 They have n't updated the mouseworks software for mac in a very long time . It definitely does n't work in lion -LRB- 10.7 -RRB- and I would n't be too hopeful trying to run it in 10.6 either . Saying that the mouse is -LRB- PC/Mac -RRB- is incorrect .
 Ergonomically and construction-wise its solid , but the preference panel is useless on 10.6 because every time you launch it you have to quit the Preferences so it can be relaunched in 32-bit mode . To give you an idea of how much effort they put into their OS X preference software , it has n't been updated since 2006 . The panel that shipped with the mouse , from 2004 . Seriously , why bother including it ? I had to go to your web site to get the `` updated version '' . Is it REALLY that hard to update your simple preferences app once every year or so Kensington ? As an alternative , using the built-in mouse panel in OS X does n't seem to have any effect on this mouse , but will try again with Kensington software uninstalled.Another downer
 I have had this mouse for about 2 months , with considerable use in FPS gaming . This mouse has a problem with lag between the time one clicks the left or right button and the actual action to take place on the screen . Not good for high action shooter games when instant response is essential . I have also found that the left and right buttons malfunction or stop working sporadically for no apparent reason . Thus my rating of two stars .
 this mouse still feels great , but the mouse driver has not been updated in years and is not compatible with modern operating systems , making it a 2 button mouse in function . clicking on the side buttons literally does nothing . At the time I wrote this , it was not available on Amazon , but it IS available on kensington 's website . All other drivers have been updated . It 's like selling a 6 speed car that you ca n't shift .
 I got this mouse a few days ago , so I can not comment on the quality of the mouse itself . However , this is the first USB-mouse I have ever encountered that MUST have an installation CD to work . After installing the software on my portable computer , I realized that my touchpad had stoped working . After a lot of consultaion -LRB- I have not advanced competence in computer skills -RRB- I figured that the software had unistalled my previous drivers , making my touchpad mouse malfunktion . I had to reistall this , only to realize that now my kensington mouse did not work . After a lot of trouble I finally got it to work , but this is not the way a typically plug and play product such as an USB-mouse are supposed to work in my mind !!
 I was looking for a 5 button mouse to replace my old one . Its fine as a mouse but the 2 buttons on either side are way too easy to hit accidentally . If you cup the mouse sort of like you are holding a baseball you wont hit those buttons but who uses a mouse like that ? Most folks sort of reach for the mouse and put their hand on top of the mouse and that 's where you start hitting the side buttons . My old mouse put the buttons closer to the front .
 Terrible companyIf you ever have problems with something as simple as a mouse , you 'll barely be able to understand the technical support , and customer service will hang up on you when you try to talk with a super visor . If you dial 0 at their menu you 'll get someone that speaks native English . This works once in a while with various companies.I just bought this mouse and it claims to have PS/2 support on the box in in the description from new egg . Fortunately , amazon corrected the description.When talking to technical support , on why it does n't come with a PS/2 adapter which is clearly shown on the box . There answer is this module has been discontinued , and it was a `` problem with the marketing '' . I ordered this mouse for someone else , now its going to take weeks for them them to receive my old mouse and send me a new one.If you want to be annoyed , deal with this company .
 NOTE
 I own a Siemens router . It worked great for about 6 months and then it died . Siemens did replace it with another , and upgaded it because they apparently admit the other was no good . The new `` improved '' Siemens router worked for a while , now it 's print spooling function wo n't operate properly . I 've wasted about three business days with tech support , fussing with the two Siemens routers trying to get them to stay running . I recommend to anyone to avoid Siemens router products .
 I 've owned one of these for months now , and I have to reset it at least twice a day , every day . All you have to do is reset it and it comes back up and works great , but we have computers in different rooms , and my wife always knows that the first time she wants to use her computer she has to stop in my office and reset the router first , so it has become a habit . It was easy to install , but what a pain ! I 'm on this site looking for another one because I just ca n't take it anymore .
 My experience with Gateway has been terrible . Here is my story . I decided to purchase a new laptop computer last month and with Lenovo buying IBM Thinkpads , I decided to try a new brand -LRB- I have owned IBM Thinkpads in the past -RRB- . I ordered the $ 3,000 Gateway NX 860 XL before leaving for vacation in March and received it while on vacation . Upon returning home , I had a business trip scheduled and decided to open and use my new computer . Within 3 days of using the computer , my power supply failed and I was without my laptop the last 2 days out-of-town . At the same time , Gateway was proactively trying to schedule a technician visit to fix a faulty video card within this computer . At this time , I decided to return the machine because of its lack of dependability . Now it came time to deal with the customer service department . When buying the machine I was assigned a sales rep who promised to be available with any questions I might have in the future . Therefore , this was the first person I tried to contact with the problems on my new machine . Needless to say , I NEVER received an answer from him after numerous voice/emails . Next , I wrote a letter to the CEO and finally received a call back from Gateway executive offices . A gentleman in that department informed me that I was outside the 15 days return policy -LRB- by 2 days -RRB- and that instead of getting a refund , I would have to return the machine for service . The next day my machine incurred another defect - the screen failed . I can hear the machine start but I get no response from the screen -LRB- I even attempted to externally connect the laptop to another video screen with no luck -RRB- . This was the final straw . I called both my sales representative -LRB- no response -RRB- and my new contact -LRB- from Gateway executive offices -RRB- leaving 4 messages in 2 days with no return call . It was not until I searched through the Gateway voicemail system that I got a real person who physically delivered the message to my contact for me.After speaking again with Gateway executive offices , I received the same conclusion - no return and I would need to send it back to the company . He informed me that it would take 1-5 days to receive a box from Gateway to pack up and ship out my product . Then , it would take 2 weeks to service and if I 'm lucky to have my machine back in a month . Are you kidding ? I have already ordered a new machine -LRB- Lenovo -RRB- . Right now , it is as good as a $ 3000 doorstop.All I wanted to do was return a product that did not work . In my business , reliability is extremely important and this machine is not reliable . Also , Gateway does not show respect for their customer . They hide behind policies instead of standing behind their product and realizing a product defect on their side.Don ' t buy Gateway . The computer is lousy and the customer service stinks .
 I purchased my new Gateway laptop and since I had not heard anything bad about the company , expected to have a satisfactory product . My main complaint is the exceptionally slow time it takes to install a program . The install goes along at a reasonable time frame copying the program to my hard drive from CD . But at the final install step which it states will take two minutes , instead goes on and on for hours . That was my spyware program . A few days later , I tried to install programs which came with the computer and again , two hours later when I tried to stop the install , a message came up that ` program xxx is still installing , do you want to quit ? ' I responded ` no ' and the install contined for another two hours . I finally stopped it and have not bothered to install any other programs . My advice ? Do not buy a Gateway .
 I wanted a bigger screen so I looked at Invion because the Garmin 7200 is almost $ 1,000 . The screen is nice , and easy to see . However , this unit has huge limitations.There are almost no streetnames on the map so if you do n't know the area you 're in , or you 're looking for a quick detour , do n't expect to see the street names on the screen . Additionally , it is supposed to tell you on the bottom of the screen your next instruction , like `` turn left at xxxx street . '' Instead , the unit told me to merge left on to expressway for 20 miles after I was already on it . Strike 1One of the most valuable little things on GPS is the estimated number of minutes to arrival . Either this one does n't have it or mine was defective . The time never changed unless I dramically changed speeds - like going through a toll booth and then it would take the estimation time from 25 minutes to two hours and then back to 25 minutes . Strike 2The unit I received was defective - it would n't charge the internal battery so there 's a foul ball -LRB- these things happen and it could be replaced . -RRB- While driving , the screen twice clicked off with a little mesage that said something like `` unable to connect to satellite '' which then I had to turn it off and on again and start all over - strike 3 - this thing is going back.I would n't recommend this unit - mine was a lemon and there were too many things missing to warrant the $ 400 plus shipping .
 Not user friendly waste of money go with Garmin 7500 . Also very Bad customer service including Tiger direct.ALL aroung what waste.Also user manual is incorrect wrong info in it .
 I saw the price on this battery and thought to myself that I really had a great deal ! My old battery lasts for about 5 minutes so I have to keep my Powerbook G4 plugged up to use it so I definitely need a new one . When I put it in I noticed that the actual fit was poor -LRB- it stuck out another 1/8 of an inch -RRB- but that was the least of my problems . A few days later my DVD/CD drive quit on me and also the headphone jack started to act up . I took my laptop to the Genius bar and they said that it sounded like an issue with the logic board and that it may be caused by the battery -LRB- uneven power output perhaps ? -RRB- . Anyway I swapped my old battery back in and the problems went away ! What a relief !! I am sticking with the genuine Mac batteries from now on . Spend a little more money , save a lot of headache and buy Mac batteries .
 I bought the same type of laptop battery a year ago from another company and it did not charge or allow the computer to start up . I went to a reputable computer repair center and was told that apple computers only use `` original '' apple batteries , not the replacement batteries . I had to return that battery and only could use my laptop with the charger . When I saw this add and read all the reviews I was convinced that it was the right one . NOT !!! It was the exact same type of replacement battery and I had to return this one also . I recommend to anyone who have an apple computer , spend the money and get original apple parts and save yourselves time and money !!!
 This product is not sold ready-to-use . There is a part you have to rip out of all the plastic pockets to be able to insert the discs . On all 208 of them.Which possibly -LRB- possibly -RRB- would n't have been AS MUCH of a problem if this were thick , high-quality plastic , and if the perforation was good . But the plastic is thin and flimsy , and the perforation is n't thorough on all of the pockets . Thus , some of the sleeves ended up ripped open or considerably deformed.I would have NEVER bought this CD wallet had I known this beforehand , and , in fact , I am not sure I would have even wanted it for free.A separate note on the seller ANTOnline
 This enclosure stinks . It 's a pain to assemble , hard drive hardly fits . Wires around fan get stuffed up in back and caught in fan , making unit very loud . It 's also slow . I 've used a few enclosures in my time . and this is the worst . do not buy .
 First , let me say that this was not bought through Amazon , but I wish to warn everyone of the poor quality of HP printers.This review requires a little background . I owned an HP 8250 printer that had an `` Ink System Failure . '' After downloading a firmware fix and running it several times over the course of 2-3 months . The printer finally died altogether . Fortunately I had purchased an extended warranty through Best Buy . I took the 8250 to them and rather than service it , they allowed me to take the replacement product . the HP 7360 . I brought the D7360 home , and after massive amounts of swearing and reruns of the software included on the CD , I was able to get it to print through my network ... for about 2 days . Then I had to go through more swearing and reinstallations of software to get it to work through my network for about another week.Finally , I went online and downloaded updated software , and discovered that the CD that was included had a corrupted file . At last ... after 2 months , I finally had it working properly on my network . All 3 of my computers found it rather than having to search . I thought everything was fine . The quality of the printing was beautiful.This euphoria lasted for about 12 hours . In the midst of printing 40 Christmas newsletters , the printer suddenly stopped . Across the screen flashed , `` Ink System Failure . '' The online support suggested I turn it off and back on . No luck.So I took it back to Best Buy and they graciously accepted it as a return . I now own a Canon . I will NEVER own another HP.On a related note , my brother-in-law had similar problems with his HP.These printers are junk . And the fact that the online support readily identifies `` Ink System Failure '' when you key it in , suggests that they are well aware of , and apparently unable to correct , the problem.DO NOT BUY ONE .
 Here it goes - my first negative review for a consumer product . First ever.This printer is a complete waste of money . I NEVER print in color , and yet the various color always seem to exhaust themselves as if by magic . So , now , with a one page printing job on my hand , I ca n't use my printer because it ran out of the light blue . This printer will NOT let you print in b/w if your color levels are down , but , again , I NEVER USE the colors . They are simply drained slowly with every black and white printing job I send to the machine.Besides , it 's extraordinarily slow - it takes forever to come online , it asks a whole bunch of unnecessary questions before proceeding with the printing job , and , get this , it SHAKES on my desk in a way I 've never seen an appliance do.Seriously , this is an incredibly ridiculous printer . No one should buy it .
 We bought this printer for our business so we would have the ability to print off labels and also do photo quality brochures , catalogs , flyers , etc. . So far , I think I 've spent more time unjamming paper from the back of the printer than I have actually using it ! It just is n't capable of grabbing label sheets without creating a paper jam on at least every third print out . I ca n't even say how many sheets of label paper this machine has ruined for me already . I also discovered that it wo n't do two sided printing without an error message for the second side of the sheet . I ruined over fifty sheets of paper and a whole lot of ink figuring out this problem and ended up hand feeding each page just to complete one catalog . The print quality is okay when it does work but I think it wo n't be long before I 'll have to find a better quality machine for the business . I feel I 've wasted too much time and too much money with this printer already .
 If you 're looking exclusively for a photo printer , this is a good choice . It 's easy to set up and easy to use . You can print direct from the camera , or from the computer . The printer can tell what kind of paper you 're using & adjusts print quality accordingly . On glossy photo paper , the photo prints are excellent.However , if you 're like me and need one printer for all your needs -- photo & home office printing of paper , envelopes , labels & business cards , this printer is a bad choice . The paper trays are layered on top of each other and tucked into the machine , making them a hassle to unload and load different papers . The trays also hold a VERY small amount of paper , requiring frequent reloading , even if you 're just using plain paper . Lastly , the trays also feel flimsy and are sure to break after repeated paper switches . -LRB- You have to lift the top tray up and pull the bottom tray out to load & unload and then snap back into place -RRB- . I also could n't get it to print envelopes . -LRB- Printer does n't line up with envelope feeder , printing text off the envelope instead of on -RRB- . I 'm very disappointed with this purchase & am hoping Amazon.com accepts returns .
 Worst printer available . Since day one I have struggled every time I use it . Wont load paper , grabs multiple pieces of paper at a time when it actually decides to work . Wont print any thing from the computer . If by chance it tries to print , it takes hours for a document to finish , if it finishes at all . Usually the printer quits mid way.Normally I like and use HP . This is an exception , biggest waste of money and piece of junk I 've used in a long time .
 I bought this printer and have hardly used it over the past 18 months . The black ink cartridge was empty so until I bought ink I used my other printer . Everything I had used it for did look great . When I did get the ink and replace the cartridge it put up the error message that the ink system has failed . No trouble shooting will fix it so I gave up . A like new printer in the garbage . Maybe I just got a bad one but for now on , Im back to Epson .
 I 've been working in IT for over 15 years and I 've never purchased a more poorly designed product than the HP Photosmart D7360 . It 's huge . It 's clunky . I think I could draw a picture faster than it can print one . It 's advertised speeds are just a joke compared to what it actually prints at . You have to buy only HP paper to print and that 's expensive and the photos stick together . You ca n't print more than 5 or 10 pictures in one print job or the printer for some bizarre reason gets confused and restarts the job from the beginning every time you have to change paper.I still ca n't figure out how to make the stated dimensions of the printed picture conform to what 's actually printed meaning many cutoff heads.This is trash.Go with a less expensive photo printer . You could n't possibly do worse .
 So far , we have n't been able to install this printer 's driver software on our Mac OS X 10.4 system . When we contacted HP Chat online support , they said they do n't support Mac via online chat ! They gave us an 800 number to call ... so far , we have n't been able to determine the other qualities of this printer since we 're stuck on the installation phase!This seems so typical of modern computer peripheral products these days . The installation software is DREADFUL -- it failed to complete on successive attempts .
 When it works , it gives gorgeous prints . However , it 's very difficult to use and wastes lots of paper and expensive ink . I 've just spent the better part of an hour , and several test prints , trying to get it to use the 4x6 paper feeder , but it keeps printing on 81/2 x 11 or printing one line on the 4x6 paper or delivering a beautifully rendered abstract version of the picture or , well , it 's doing everything but what I WANT it to do . I 've tried to find info in the online manual to no avail . I 'm ready to take a sledgehammer to it . Look around before buying this printer ... they ca n't all be this frustrating , can they ? Can they ? I 'm going to take my photos to Costco to print ; this is n't worth it !
 This printer is the biggest piece of poop I 've ever owned . More than half the time it does not detect paper in the tray -LRB- I have to force feed each photo sheet manually -RRB- , it will randomly print garbage and waste paper when starting the computer with the printer connected , the trays do n't hold much paper at ALL , the ink is very expensive , the drivers are weak -LRB- they killed services.exe the first time I tried to install them causing my computer to reboot -RRB- . It 's just terrible . When it works it prints beautifully which is a real shame . I 'm paying the price for not doing my own research prior to purchase . Do what you want but I highly recommend exploring ALL other options before deciding on this mind-numbingly lousy piece of junk .
 I was not so happy with it anyway , and when I went to buy ink I thought , `` Am I crazy . '' I returned it and got a black and white multi-function laser printer . It 's cheep to run -LRB- after the initial investment -RRB- , fast , better quality , and the text can be highlighted without smearing.This is true love !
 The printer has a major flaw that has not been corrected by three replacements . When the printer runs out of paper there is the usual prompting . When the paper is replenished and `` OK '' is touched , the first photo is destroyed . The first sheet has virtually nothing printed on it . On the second sheet , the first 25 % of the image is missing . The next 10 % is highly distorted and the remaining 65 % is OK . This has happened with photo paper from both trays , but mostly from the 4x6 tray as that is what I use mostly .
 Well , the printer prints very nice pics . The built-in touch screen controls work just fine , very convenient . The print quality could n't be better IMO.HOWEVER ... whenever you turn the power on , the thing goes through about 60 seconds of noisemaking , running various motors , and doing God-knows-what to get ready to print something . I sure as hell hope it 's not squirting out ink during this process ... as I 'll be wasting plenty with the number of times I turn it on and off.AND ... the color printing from a PC or MAC can be very , very slow , depending on which kind of paper you select . Wierd , the kind of paper does n't seem like it would make that much difference , but it does ... THE SOFTWARE ... well , I just do n't know what to say . My wife installed the software on her Mac OS X 10.4 system , but it was n't easy . The installation failed to make it through fully , requiring reboots and multiple attempts before the software would install successfully . However , she did end up with a working installation and can use the printer quite nicely now on her Mac.On the Windows side of things , its a different story . The installation went smoothly , more or less , until you get to the product registration screen , then things hang . I somehow managed to plow through this -LRB- rebooting ? I do n't recall exactly ... -RRB- and it seemed as if the printer had actually been installed . Then , reboot for good measure , and plug the printer in , so I can use it for the first time . My machine is running fine until the USB auto-detects the printer , then I saw something I HAD NEVER SEEN BEFORE IN 20 YEARS OF WORKING ON PCs
 The printer now works great , but here 's the big problem . I bought this from Amazon . The sale was dishonest and the support was so atrocious I wo n't buy anything more than a book from Amazon in the future.The printer was sold as new but had to be a return or remanufactured unit . It was missing the ink cartridges that the box said were included and was missing half of the power cord , the part that goes from the transformer to the wall.Since I bought the item from Amazon , and had purchased the two year support contract , I felt I had no problems . Figured I 'd just call amazon and straighten it out . Well , the support call put me in touch with a call center not owned by Amazon . In spite of my efforts to talk slowly and in very clear , simple terms , the person could not understand my problem . Furthermore , the person had absolutely zero authority to make any sort of decision . When I asked to talk to a supervisor , I was put on hold for an hour with the excuse the supervisor was with another customer . The person checked with me two times to see if I wanted to drop the matter . When I said I did n't want to the last time , he dropped the call . I called back and got the exact same response . This time I dropped the call . I figured I would just buy the cartridges and power cord myself.Now the problem gets worse . The printer needs to initiallize the print heads and can only do that with the cartridges provided in the box . Cartridges from the store wo n't work until this initialization takes place . I called Amazon and they had no clue how to get the cartridges.I gave up on Amazon and called HP . They too had a foreign call center , however , the person who answered was very proficient in English , had authority to make decisions , and handled my problem efficiently and very couteously . I got the correct cartridges and cord in two days.As an afterthought ... the printer works great , has very good print quality , including photos , and prints quickly . If you can find one from a source other than Amazon , do n't be afraid to buy it.Bottom line . HP saved me from a horrible mistake - buying electronics from Amazon . The two year contract I bought with the printer is a complete joke . I 'll never call Amazon regarding this printer again.Now , we 'll see if Amazon will actually post this review .
 I have used computers for 20 years , so I did not expect any problems installing and using a new printer.I bought the D7360 , brought it home , installed it , printed a few pages including three photographs , unplugged it , packed it up , uninstalled the software , and returned the printer to the store . All within 24 hours.You may have great results , but my experience started out bad when installation of the software took a lot of time . I followed the instruction sheet as closely as I could , except that the written instructions did not match perfectly with what actually took place . Nothing seemed to go wrong , it just took forever.The first problem was that I made the mistake of accepting the recommended software load . It loaded a bunch of stuff on my computer that I did n't need since I have Photoshop Elements . I would recommend the custom setup if you want to limit what it loads.When I attempted to print a photo from within Photoshop Elements 5 on 4x6 paper , it would not let me do it . The dialogue let me select the 4x6 paper . It even showed the 4x6 size at the bottom of the preview . But it printed to the letter size tray . When I returned to the print dialogue , it had reset to the letter tray.I was able to print to the 4x6 tray from within the HP provided software , but the driver as it installed on my computer did not support printing to the 4x6 tray from within Photoshop Elements 5 . It could have just been a failed installation , but I had been at it three hours by the time I gave up . I decided that my time was worth too much to mess with it any longer.The photos that I printed on the HP Advanced paper looked very nice . However , looking really closely there were fine lines in both directions that almost looked like very thin cracks in the surface . Not noticable from a foot away , but it was n't a completely glossy finish.One last thing . If you have a cat , this thing will attract hair like a magnet . It is light colored and my black cat walked to close to it . The black hair was really obvious on the light colored plastic.At least the store took it back and returned my money without a lot of hassle . They did n't have my next choice , so I came home and ordered a different printer on line .
 I bought the HP 7360 16 months ago . No question about the quAlity of photos
 Did not realized that this printer was discontinued . And although it was still in the original box and packaging , the set up ink was old and would not load . Contacted HP and got a big run a round until someone finally exlained that there would not be any new set up ink packages for this machine because it was out of date and discontinued.Contacted Amazon , got approval to ship back to the seller . It was an expensive purchase . I was out the return shipment cost to get a refund . A $ 40 lesson . Will not buy from other people selling thru the Amazon site .
 This printer gets a paper jam on literally every page . My roommate has one in our college dorm and it takes 10 minutes to print 5 pages while you wait for it to work out the jam .
 I bought this printer a couple years ago . It was great until now . The photo quality all of a sudden deteriorated . The pictures look kinda hazy , I do n't know how to describe it , but they are n't crisp pictures anymore . There are tiny red dots of ink on several places randomly on the pictures , like the cartridge is dripping or something . The printer is CONSTANTLY getting jammed . I 'm very disappointed in the lifespan of this printer .
 slow printing , error prone printer , the printer insists that cyan needs to be refilled when there is a brand new hp cartridge installed and displays it as full --------- in all fairness I do n't know if the printer is garbage since it is installed on a machine running Vista
 I have had it with HP Printers in general . This printer , like so many other HP printers I have had , slowly gets worse and worse as the days click by . The scene
 I 'm not one for words so I 'll get to the point . I 've had this for about a year and a half . If you 're putting this in your room like I did be prepared to put Duct tape over the power switch . Unless you have kids that sleep with a nightlight , then you 're set . The pictures are fantastic and print quick but , be prepared to replace ink frequently . It also has some kind of pre print function so when you print something be prepared to wait a minute or two and that 's only if it does n't paper jam . If that happens you have to turn the whole device around and open the back up . For me it 's a pain since my desk set up is against a wall . Oh and this thing is a beast ! Not for small desk spaces.Hope this helps .
 This is a good photo printer , but it has one major problem
 Note that I am using this with an Apple MacBook Pro.The most frustrating thing about this printer has been trying to get it to print on the right paper . Even after going through all the print settings to set the paper feed tray to the photo tray which holds the 4 X 6 paper , it will feed paper from the 8.5 X 11 tray on the first print . I always have to print over , or trim the large paper . I 'm not sure where the bug is , in Apple 's software or HP 's . When I finally get the paper right , the color and sharpness of the print is great . It 's far more expensive in paper than I had any idea it would be , however .
 Awful machine . If you use the tray the paper gets very often stuck and it is not easy to clear the paper jam . Try some other brand .
 I recently bought a HP Jornado thinking it had all the bells and whistles . I was going to use it for pharmacy programs . When I started using it downloads were slow and you had to buy everything . I was able to download a few demo programs for a month free . Most were of only fair quality . I never got the excel program to work . The battery constantly went dead and lost all the programs . The system was slow retieving information . I dropped it at work and sent it to HP . They wanted over 250 dollars to fix it . Actually that was the good news.Another pharmacist told me to buy an 89 dollar visor . Now I can find free programs that are better than the ones I was going to buy . It also has a soft case to protect it which the Jornado did n't have unless you wanted to buy it . The OS system is much faster than the Windows system.HP customer service was n't very good either . This experience will make me think twice before I buy any more HP products.All I got was over 400 dollars worth of problems !!
 Just bought HP computer system ... -LSB- and a -RSB- Jornada 568 ... expecting compatability . Jornada software crashed HP computer.Called tech support -LRB- NO 800 # -RRB- spent approximately 2 hrs on phone calls trying to get support . System restore on computer failed . Rather than send me a restore disk -LRB- would have if I would pay $ $ $ -RRB- they would ship me a box to send it off for repair . I had system one day ! If this is the kind of support HP offers , I would not buy any system from them . Before anyone buys a HP product check tech support availability . From my experience it is lousy ! I am returning the Jornada and computer and willing to pay restocking fees , there has to be a supplier out there who will provide customer care .
 I bought this machine to use in a land surveying environment . My goal was to load CAD drawings on the machine and then use it to send construction staking information to the job site for my field surveying crews to use . I added a CAD program to it for transferring drawings , but the whole process was not successful at all.First , the program and the machine would not handle the drawings . It was slow and got hung up all the time.Second , you simply could not see the screen in the open . I reset the contrast and display for outside and it simply would not work.All in all , it is a good idea , but it just will not work . And this is from a fan of Hewlett Packard .
 The product was shipped quickly . But now I can not get the Pocket PC to connect to any PC . I have emailed the seller numerous times about this and they will not respond to me . Amazon is abolutely no help either , they will not do anything to help me . If I ever do get the problem fixed , I will change the bad rating for the seller .
 I really wanted to like this Jornada . But when I got it it just did n't feel right in my hand . The cover - which apparently others like - I hated it . The requirement to store the stylus in the cover is okay , but when you do n't use the cover and put it in a pack or case there is no where to store the stylus - that can be a problem.The screen is not as bright as I had hoped . I am new to Windows based handhelds , but in PocketPC OS it is EXTREMELY difficult to shut down an application , and when you get 10 or so different things running it gets SLOOOOOOOW.HP usually turns out intuitively designed products , but the wheel for scrolling is useless due to its placement . The aforementioned placement of the stylus holder was an issue , and then comes my biggest complaint
 I have tried HP and Casio Palm PC 's and returned thenm both . While both are very impressive , they do n't fill me needs.I want a small device that will allow me to keep my schedule , check contacts , keep a to-do list , and jot an occasional note . I do n't need a box that tries to do everything , is slow , and is clumsy to use . The interface really is n't conducive to editing spreadsheets or documents . I do n't have time to play with the media player , and the thing is too big to slip in my pockcet.I really wanted to like these devices , but I will stick with my trusty Palm .
 I purchased one of the HP 540 series PDA 's -LRB- in my case , a 548 -RRB- , only to feel compelled to return it to Amazon because of difficultieswith much of the functionality HP advertised , especially regardingemail.As a registered user , I have recently been informed of aclass-action suit against HP for this very reason ... I highlyrecommend that you research other options before choosing this PDA .
 Well I had one , and I sold one . Never again would I buy a Pocket PC , even if the price were cut in half ! This is one fairly useless peice of equipment in the scheme of things . MS Reader is a joke , as the version on the PPC is basically incompatible with the format of most books currently available beyond public domain books ... and there is no fix in sight in the near term . Music ? Even with USB expect long downloads and only acceptable quality . . not a true music lover 's delight . Some tape players sound better . As to business use ... not worth the hype . Iffy and slow writing capabilities , with cumbersome calendar and contact list functionality . And battery life ? Forget about it ! I give this a 2 rating because I did find the storage of documents useful to a point , especially for editing speeches on the road . Otherwise , the hype does n't tranlsate into reality . And movies . . why would you on such a small screen ? I have found the wireless web on my cellphone more versatile and useful -- get directions , restautrant recommendations and menus , news , games , AvantGo , newspaper and magazine articles , even poetry and ebooks in WAP format if I want them , with video coming soon . And it costs almost nothing , as well as being a heck of a lot easier ! DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY on one of these things -- I am glad I tried , but even happier I got rid of it . I feel free again !
 I 've had my 548 for a little over a year . On a recent plane trip , a flight attendant spilled coffee on my pocket PC and i thought it was history . You can imagine how surprised i was that it came back when everything dried out ! The only problem i have is the battery wo n't hold the charge - so i lose all the entries if it 's off the cradle for more than 8 hours.I contacted HP to get a new battery -LRB- customer support - and i use the term loosely - took more than 24 hours to respond to the email -RRB- but it seems that the battery is not replaceable by anyone but an HP service center . And the number for the US servce is on the west coast - and i 'm not ! I spent over 45 minutes on hold between two attempts to contact the so-called service center with no success to date.Moral is - do n't buy HP unless you really do n't need the machine anyway !
 If you 're like me , you would buy a PDA to add some efficiencies to a hectic professional life . You 'd like to manage your schedule , doing away with the old paper daytimer . You 'd like to track phone numbers and frequent flyer numbers and passwords ; all those things you 're unable to find at that precise moment when you need them . So you buy one of these flashy little units thinking you 're really on to something . Just think of the time you 'll save.Yeah , right . I was subject to those same delusions . So I went out last Christmas and treated myself to a $ 500 headache . I have spent more time trying to get this thing to do the things it claims to be capable of than I will ever make up for in productivity gains . There is no way I will ever make up a net gain . At varying times in the device 's short life , all features have worked . But they do n't seem to want to keep working . One day , the Outlook synchronization will disappear and it will take countless hours of troubleshooting and tech support -LRB- even with your IT Network Admin friends who know about this stuff -RRB- . Then the MS Money synch will drop and you 'll reinstall more software than you even knew came with the device . Then your PC will fail to recognize the device connection . I could keep going but I 'm sickeningly tired of the topic.Oh , and one more thing . Forget about ever reading the color screen outdoors on even a moderately sunny day . You 'll find yourself ducking down dark alleys so you can look up the address you seek.To be fair , the one plus
 I had my Journada for 2 weeks before giving it away . Although a nice screen , it is totally worthless because you have to plug it in constantly . Forget this PDA if you travel . I bought a Palm Vx and love it . Batteries last for a month . I ca n't even find my car keys in the morning , let only remember to plug this piece of junk in every time I blink .
 Must be indoors to use . Returned to store where purchased and ordered Compaq Ipaq . Hard to believe they are the same price .
 I bought the Jordana as a replacement for my old Palm 3 . I 'm keeping it and some of the features are a real benefit . But in general it has n't exceeded my expectations and in a lot of ways it 's been a disappointment.The problems with earlier Windows CE handhelds have n't been addressed . It 's poorly laid out , too many menus . Too many buttons for too little space . And despite its name , the Jordanas do n't fit well in a pocket.I think Microsoft 's problem with handhelds is they see the world in terms of Windows and keep trying to make the CEs more like the desktop OS . Rather than making the layout more simple and intuitive , Microsoft has added more applications.I 'd advise others considering this model to get something cheaper for now , like a Palm model . Perhaps in 5 or 10 years Microsoft will get it right .
 One thing about the Palm . You may complain about the fact that it does not handle attachments via email and that the PocketPCs do it effortlessly , yet when it comes to design they beat the PocketPCs hands down.Take a look at this HP Jornada . First HP confessed -LRB- as it is a company with integrity -RRB- that due to a manufacturing error that screen was not going to handle thousands of colours as originally advertised . The second thing is that the design is bloody awful . It is big and clumsy looking . Almost like something designed in the old Soviet Union.I must admit it 's not as horrible looking as the Casio . But close.My advice to you is stay well away from this one . And any of the PocketPCs except perhaps the Compaq IPaq which is extremely groovy looking.Wait for HP to redesign their unit.HP has been doing small devices for nearly 3 decades . They make the best calculators in the industry . I am sure they will get it right .
 Owned for two days . Saw a Compaq Ipaq and asked myself why theHP was the same price . I was extremely disapointed . I returned it andreceived a refund then ordered the Ipaq 3650 . The display is horriblewhen compared to everything else and has the slowestprocessor.Microsoft has done a great job with the pocket pc platform .
 I recently purchased a Jornada 545 Pocket PC . It was great at first until I wanted to start downloading music and books . It was complicated to use . But the setup is really quick . I thought the writing recognition software was awesome . It is NOT wireless out of the box but you buy flash cards for that . I liked this product but is to complicated for me so I guess I stick with my great Palm VII .
 HPs can not be upgraded . This is an email to & from HP : Is it possible to upgrarde my HP Jornada 5XX series from windows ce 2 , to pocket pc 2002 ? Can you recommend someone that might be able to help with this?I understand that you would like additional information regarding upgrading or trading up to the Pocket PC 2002 operating system.Changing the version of an operating system on an HP Palmtop or Jornada product requires replacing the Read Only Memory -LRB- ROM -RRB- module . HP does not currently offer upgrades to the operating system on any of their devices ; however , some third-party resellers may offer upgrades that are no longer available through HP.If any issues are discovered with the software -LRB- including operating system -RRB- or hardware included with the device after it leaves the factory , the updates are provided in the download link below . These updates would be installed to the Random Access Memory -LRB- RAM -RRB- with all other added programs , files , and contacts that would have to be reinstalled if the device was ever reset to factory condition .
 The features were great . I thought I had the answer to my PC data portability problem . Having it all online is okay . Having it all online and in my pocket -- now that was progress . Speed , performance , she had it all . Then 9 months into the romance she completely let me down . I have had to reset this thing more times then I can count . And just last week it seems to have totally locked up for good . I lost all my data on the PPC and it will not resync with my desktop . I place it in the cradle and nothing happens . That 's not new but before if I turned it off and on a few times , perhaps slide it in and out of the cradle a few times and perhaps rebooted my PC eventually my PC and PPC would again notice each other . This time nothing works.This thing should last longer and be more reliable . All the features in the world are of no use at all if the thing is not reliable . For it to only be 9 months old and quit on me says `` Do n't waste your money . ''
 I purchased a 548 and returned it the next day . After taking the time to set it up , I started to look for electronic books that could be read on a pocket PC . If you look , the newer titles state they are only for the 2002 version of the operating system . There is n't much software available for ti now though I kept hearing promises of things becoming available in the future . From my experience with Microsoft , we are going to see more things available that requires the new OS and this has a good chance of being left behind . I contacted HP , there is no upgrade and the next version of Jornada that uses the 2002 system is expensive . I 'll wait a while longer before trying to upgrade my cheap and reliable Palm and see how the market shakes out .
 After months of research -LRB- and months of saving my money -RRB- I purchased my first Pocket PC this past spring . I got tired of the iPaq 3670 waiting list , and bought the Jornada 548 when Amazon.com threw in a free Targus Stowaway Keyboard -LRB- which , incidentally , is wonderful -RRB- . About a month after bought the Jornada , the screen got scratched when I used the HP stylus to jot down a quick note . I usually use an aftermarket stylus , but grabbed this one in a hurry . When I sent the unit to HP , they determined that the damage was caused `` by the customer . '' They claim to have inspected it twice . What 's more is that it APPEARED that there were more scratches when I received it back . My point is that HP does not back up its product . They would not even meet me part-way , and were unhelpful and insulting . Despite their ` findings , ' I tested the HP stylus again , and it STILL damaged the screen ... so I just do n't use it . I agree with another reviewer , too in that the location of the stylus well is LUDICROUS for a unit with such a sensitive screen ! You 're just ASKING for trouble ! Now I have to live with a unit I for which I paid $ 450 with scratches on it ... unless I want to pay $ 200 for a new screen . Come on , HP ! Give us a break!Other than that , I have been moderately satisfied . I agree with other users ' comments
 This item solve my problem partialy , but I do n't know if it has a problem , because sometimes when I make the hotsync operation , the Palm lost all memory .
 It 's described as `` Retail Packaging , '' but the card did not come in any kind of packaging , just the small plastic cover/case . Basically , they threw the card itself in a small brown envelope with minimal padding . It could be used or returned for all I know . Very misleading , not to mention cheaper and more secure from other vendors .
 Ordered a Sandisk 2.0 gb memory card that was advertised for $ 2.85 . On order confirmation , item was billed at $ 7.35 . Upon inquiry was told by Amazon.com that the item was offered by `` Straight Trading Inc. and is fulfilled by Amazon.com '' . Item was advertised as `` ships from and sold by Amazon.com . '' Customer service further advised that `` sellers on our website will create their own listings and they are allowed to sell items at any price they feel is fair . '' So is the Amazon.com that is selling this item Amazon.com or Straight Trading Inc. ? Sounds like a bait and switch operation to me .
 SANDISK was destroyed by PostOffice sorting machine , because seller put item in a letter envelope and had the nerve to charge me $ 4.95 for a 64 cents mailing . His putting item in an ENVELOPE caused the post office to run it through their sorting machine , which then destroyed the SanDisk.How do I get my money back ???
 They made their money off of the postage alone . Really not nice charging per item when you did send all of them for the same price as one . Cost more to ship then the total cost of puchase . I ca n't speak to the quality of the product because I have not used them yet . Buyers beware of per item shipping cost . Rediculous !
 I have bought several things from amazon and have never been so disappointed . I have to this day not received the memory card . I will never order another thin.g from your site
 Product as ordered never arrived . I pinged the company and to their credit they promptly answered and refunded my purchase price .
 whats the deal scandisk , i can put this thing in my computer ... i loaded it on my camera and put it in the floppy drive on my computer and not its stuck in there because someone was an idiot and did design this right .
 I thought I was getting a good deal when I saw that it says 2 SD flash memory card but unfortunately you only get one card . Why does it say 2 GB 2 SD Flash Memory Card ?
 A few years ago I purchased one of their SD cards and had lots of trouble with it . Should have payed attention then - bought one of these 2GB cards the other day and right out of the package it would only handle 986 MB , though the capacity showed as 1893 MB.Sandisk had problems back then , and they obviously still do . No more of their stuff for me !
 I cancelled this item and never received it . I have been trying to get a credit back without any success . Please Help !!! ThanksStephen Lau
 You sent me this but cancelled the camera so now I have no use for the memory card .
 The next day the price had redused $ 10.00 and that was before I recived it
 This memory stick was advertised with the Nikon Coolpix P4 camera I purchased . It does not work with this camera . My son had a camera that it did work in , so I gave it to him . Do you have a memory stick that works with Nikon cameras ?
 I would love to review it , but having SanDisk insist they sent it when they did not , is a warning to all .
 Wrong Item was shipped and it took too long to receive credit . Too many phone calls and E-Mails . Utitimately resolved almost two weeks later . Too much of my time required for a simple transaction which was the suppliers fault .
 i brought this device and it did not work and i had to pay 20 dollars for shipping and when i returned it i had to pay again for shipping and they send me the same device back and i lost all money i paid because it still didnt work and i was tired of sending things back and forth . plus the device was used . so in other words dont buy or your get ripped off .
 Good price for name brand SD Memory Card.Delivery in about 1 week .
 This item along with another from the same supplier was defective . There was evidence of prior use -LRB- sticky residue -RRB- . No response from the seller until negative feedback was given . Then the RMA process was punative and not worth the expense of returning the item .
 The SD card was defective with a crack in the side and would not work in our cameras . Poor quality control .
 I ordered SanDisk 2 GB SD Memory Card -LRB- SDSDB-2048-A10 , Retail Package -RRB- , on December 17th 2007 . The only information that I can get is , USPS was electronically notified to pick up the package . I can not get any tracking information from the USPS . I thought by placing the order December 17th it whould 've allowed plenty of time for ChiTek to ship before Christmas . It does n't appear that I will receive the item in time for Christmas , Thank ChiTek . My experience is similar to Buyer
 card is cheap and that 's about it . It is way too slow to keep up with a DSLR . Get the faster high speed card . This one sucks
 after reading the comments on the sellers return policy I decided to just take the loss and go to the store and purchase another one . . It worked !
 Your statement it 's NOT true at all . You are lucky my son places an order otherwise you have never had my money . Please take a look at other seller AGAIN and you will see that your price is robbery ! I demand for you to return the difference of $ 9.35 that you took from my kids this Christmas ! You paid .64 cents for shipping and that is the truth !
 I got this for a Canon Powershot S2 IS 5MP Digital Camera . It works well and I have had no problems with it .
 I used a gift certificate and some of my own money yetI have now a SD Card that does not function on my computer.I need to ask for my money back but do n't know the procedure .
 It is what it is ... a memory card.I paid too much . I found a good deal on a used one and put it in my amazon shopping cart . A week later the cart was full and I checked out . Later I found that I was charged full price for a new one .
 this was offered as an accessory for the Sony camera that I purchased at the same time -LRB- as a gift -RRB- . The card arrived on time but does not work with the camera -- does n't fit . Very disappointing .
 I am very disappointed with this product . We used this card in our Kodak camera for about 2 years with no problems , then all of a sudden the card failed . We had taken about 50 photos during a trip , and reviewed them on the camera with no problem . When we got home and tried to view the photos on our computer , they were gone . However , photos from a previous trip remained on the camera . I have since read reports from others using this memory card that they have had the same problem . It appears that the card fails over time , and occasionally will delete or fail to store photos . We 've been having problems with it ever since , and I 'm going to throw it away and buy a different brand . I would not recommend this product if you care about keeping your photos safe .
 I used one in my camera . It corrupted and I lost all my vacation pictures .
 I purchased this card because of the price , not because it was the best product out there for my camera . My new camera can use the new SDHC cards and I have purchased one of those , and can notice a difference in speed . This card works well for older type cameras that will not accept the newer cards .
 Beware ! BoBoTECHNIC , the seller of this item , charges about $ 5.00 for EACH item ordered , depending on your location and how fast you want it . If you order 4 of these memory cards , your shipping will be around $ 20 !!! The purchase price may be low , but you 'll be gouged on shipping if you buy from this seller .
 When I purchased this product , the promotion said that when you bought a SanDisk product , they would send you a coupon so that you can get a free sanDisk card reader . I not only bought the 2GB card , I also bought a 4GB SanDisk card and NEVER received the info so I could get my free SanDisk card reader . I even went so far as to calling Amazon and complained about this and they said they would look into it within 24 to 48 hours and get back to me . I never heard from Amazon regarding the free SanDisk card reader I was entitled to received based on the promotion that Amazon was having during the time I purchased the 2 and 4 GB memory cards and a waterproof camera .
 I recently read an article of counterfeit items coming through a variety of channels . I have a bunch of Sandisk memory devices and I found three out of the 8 were counterfeit , including one very expensive CF card.Sandisk might be a fine manufacturer and getting a bad rap because of the counterfeit items.But as a buyer you 've got to ask yourself two questions :1 . If some of these have even come through Amazon , which is a very reputable company in my opinion , what 's my risk in buying a Sandisk device ? This is particularly true when you can buy an equivalent Kingston device for less .2 . What is Sandisk doing to go after the counterfeit market ? When this problem happened to Microsoft they clearly went after the perpetrators , let everyone know what was happening so they could better avoid the problems , and creatively came up with solutions to help fix the problem . I 've got the strong feeling that Sandisk would rather hide the problem after talking with their support .
 I bought this from a store in New york city . The card stopped working and the comapny refused to honor the warranty claims . Beware . I certainly wont be buying sandisk again .
 I was charged $ 19.96 for shipping 3 - SanDisks weighing 8oz . or less!This was shipped via USPS Ground . I 'm asking for a CREDIT!Allan WattAt this point I do not recommend JoWow !!!!!!!!!!
 I paid for but never received this item so I can not rate it . The record said it was sent and received but I do not have it and never received it .
 I purchased the wrong size memory card & I tried to locate contact information for the Amazon marketplace seller ... I did a google search & found nothing . Nothing on their packing slip included their contact info ... no e-mail address or phone number . So I ended up exchanging the product at a local Office Depot to get the correct size memory card that I needed . Not a smooth process at all ...
 I would NEVER purchase anything from this seller again . This card stopped working in just a day over 3 weeks . The seller has a policy of two weeks . I have several cards from other companies that are working just fine and I have had them for 2-3 years with heavy use . I would certainly NOT recommend buying anything from this seller .
 I bought this card to be used with a Panasonic DMC-FZ50 10.1 MP Digital Camera . DO NOT BUY THIS CARD if you want to store high megapixel Photos . Well , you can go out for a cup of coffee with a friend while downloading the contents of this card into the computer . IT TAKES FOR EVER !!! Moreover , my Toshiba Satellite laptop does not recognize the device ; I can not view my pictures there.There has to be an easier way ! I feel I lost my money .
 I never received the memory card and have been reimbursed by amazon . I will order another one shortly and was wondering how it could be sent via certified mail to assure its delivery ?
 The item did n't work with Palm Tungsten model , I 've tried to change the MC but the store claim that the time for changing had finished . I got very frustrade with the bad assitence and the arrogancy from the costumer service . I would not recomend to buy from this store .
 do not buy this disk or any other disk that is 2 gb unless you know for sure the disk is compatible with your card reader -LRB- or with your machine -RRB- . they will corrupt or lose 1 gb of memory unless compatible . i have bought 3 of these disks
 Bought this for an old camera that had a smaller gb card . Unfortunately , this card did n't solve the problem , and I could n't take pictures with it .
 Thanks for the misleading description and part number.If you 're going to sub an item , you really should contact the consumer as they might have a specific need . Especially with computer and data related items .
 Probably my fault for not inspecting the tiny product image more closely , but I was expecting a small plastic carrying case to be included . There was none . I would not buy this product again for that reason .
 Do not buy anthing from onSale.They 're gon na hold your money for 5 days and cancel your order without any reaction.There are so many good business men except onSale.It 's serious . Check about onSale in Amazon.It 's true .
 The description says 1GB = 1,000,000,000 bytes and some are not available . Alright , I was warned . My application did not fit on the SanDisk 2GB SD card and it does fit on the OCZ 2GB SD card.Windows XP reports : SanDisk
 The card stores the data , but my Toshiba notebook with Windows 2000 ca n't read the card with the builtin card reader
 I was disappointed in the card . It only holds 28 pictures and the camera is full .
 The company has not performed . I never received the product because of a shipping error by the company and they continue to try to charge a shipping , handling and restocking fee . They have not responded to any of my communications explaining what they did wrong pertaining to not being able to deliver the card .
 I 've used the memory card couple of times and now it 's not working anymore . I could n't figured out why there 's no pictures in there . All my pics got deleted :--LRB- I also have a 1 GB and it 's still working .
 Unable to use this card in either of my Ipac or Dell handheld sytems .
 This did not work with a palm pilot or my 64 bit vista computer . Thus it was useless
 The Treo 680 can use this card for storing data and programs , but when I try to do a backup -LRB- using NVBackup or Inner Backup -RRB- to the card it Resets the 680 . And when I use Card Reader or Card Export II , the 680 freezes when trying to write to the card and I get a WinXP error
 This item is listed as retail packaging but it came only in the small plastic case ; no retail packaging . When I called them they said this is retail packaging . I 'm returning it , but they wo n't pay for return shipping , so it 's a rip-off . You can get this card in bulk packaging for a lot less elsewhere on Amazon .2 GB SanDisk Secure Digital SD Memory Card 2 GB -LRB- Bulk -RRB-
 THE RESPONSE WAS VERY SLOW . tHE SELLER DIDNT HAD A NUMBER TO CALL . I DIDNT RECEIVE THE ITEM . REQUESTED FOR CLAIM .
 I have purchased several Scan Disk cards , I could always find them on sale . But much to my dismay , they have locked up . I can not delete the old pictures on them to free up the space . I keep getting `` write protect '' messages , My card is not write protected , I even tried the good ole scotch tape thing , no go . I know several peopel this has hapened to , STAY AWAY from Scan Disc .
 must have been a bad lot of these cards because it never worked and I still have it never went to trouble to send back , maybe if they read review they will repalce
 Would not function properly in my game cameras after a couple pictures were deposited in memory . Total waste of money .
 This wheel is very cheap but it was n't as good as I though . First , the wheel is very small ... too small . Barely larger then a Xbox controller . The attachment area between the socket and the wheel seems fragile ... Not sure it 's gon na last very long . Mine is already slightly loose after a couple of hours of play . No support for Win7 , and it shows up in the games . The feeling is king of imprecise , like playing with a keyboard . Even a gamepad is more fun to play !! The pedals are the worst . They are too hard , and the base too light . The pedals are too near . So it either moves by itself or you touch two pedals at times , and you always have to push hard on them to react in the game . Are the creators of these things never drove a car with pedals ? The only good things is has is the look , easy to grip and the clamp is reasonable . Otherwise I wasted my money on this , do n't waste yours ...
 The design is very nice . Fit nicely on your lap if you can get it to work . Wheel assembled and connected to PC , installed software . I ran F1-2011 , NFS-Hot Pursuit , and Burnout Paradise , none could detect it . My OS is winXP 32 bit . No good .
 I brought it yesterday and since then I am trying with different racing games . Driver got installed successfully but nothing seems to me functional.Can anyone let me know how to understand if it is working .
 It 's amazing to think I spent nearly 40 dollars on this . This wheel is probably worth 5 dollars at a used parts store . With the PS2 , there 's about a 40 degree play ... in other words , nothing happens until you turn the wheel almost completely , at which point the direction is maxed and any game you 're playing you wipe out . The pedals are too close together and almost impossible to use . It 's impossible to mount and use effectively . On the PC , your system will lag so badly , it will make any game unplayable . This is completely useless and i threw it away after one use , with no regrets . I watch every penny I spend , I feel like a huge fool for wasting my hard earned money on this horrible piece of plastic .
 This wheel would not activate the steering with Legends of Grand Prix . However , at least it vibrated . I then tried it with another racing game that I downloaded on the Internet , and it would n't even vibrate . It 's on the way back to Amazon , and I bought another low cost wheel to see if I can get some steering with Legends of Grand Prix . Maybe I 'll get a better wheel in the future such as a Logitech Driving Force for playing Sim games . As other reviewers have noted , there is no manual with an explanation of any of the buttons on the Genius wheel . I looked on the Thrustmaster site , and the Ferrari Universal 5-in-1 that I just purchased from Amazon does have an Adobe manual in the Technical Support Section . I was able to access the manual after creating an account , and it gave some explanation of the push buttons on the steering wheel and using the `` D Pad . '' This manual could be more complete , but it offers hints that can be followed up somewhat on the Internet . The manual might be of use to those with functioning Genius wheels since the wheels look identical .
 I got this wheel and downloaded GTI Racing from Amazon for the PC . I just ca n't them to work with each other ... very annoying
 This was a bad buy . The lowest sensitivity was still too high . It does not calibrate correctly so center is always off.The price is cheap for a reason .
 there is no feed back no vibration if you are looking for a vibration feed back this is not what you want dont wast your money
 I was very disappointed wit this wheel . It connects rather easily , but there is not enough power to have good force feedback . Somehow , the settings applied to use the wheel with the games made the game very very choppy and slow . Not sure what the glitch was but overall I was very disappointed.If you need this for a very young kid who would n't notice the slowness or the lack of realism , then it 's a good gift for the price .
 The drivers that come with this steering wheel are terrible . It came with absolutely no functional software , the drivers are difficult to install and they decide if they want to work or not.ONE THING THAT IS EXTREMELY IMPORTANT THAT NO ONE HAS MENTION IS THE LIMITED TURN RADIUS OF THE WHEEL . IT ONLY TURNS 90 DEGREES !!! -- THATS RIGHT ... ONLY 90 DEGREES . If your new to the steering wheel world 90 degrees does n't mean anything to you , but you need more than 90 degrees to race around an oval track or you will be banging into the wall every turn ! There are some steering wheels that have a turning radius of 900 degrees.This wheel is CHEAP , SMALL , HARD TO INSTALL , and USELESS . Just a waste of 35 bucks !!!
 I ordered this steering wheel believing that it would be a little bit bigger , and compatible with my xbox 360 . When i found that it was n't i contacted Amazon and city electronics . When i spoke with city electronics they told me that i would need to pay extra shipping costs on the product and it could n't be reimbursed with the refund . Also they are not the nicest people . I refuse to order from them again .
 First I will explain my system . It 's a brand new , custom built Intel 2500K with Windows 7 - 64 Bit and it includes a 6950 graphics card with 3 monitors attached in and Eyefinity set-up . I am not a gamer myself , but I like to demo the system and show others how to build them . Because of this , I have been buying some older , and newer games and attachments to see how well they all play together.The Twin Wheel F1 arrived quickly . I attached it first , then installed the CD as it states to do . It seemed to install fine . There were no errors in Windows System Device Manager . I also now had two icons on my desktop One Called `` Play 32Bit Games ! '' and another called `` Play 64Bit Games ! '' . I have no clue what they are for because there was no comment on them in the skimpy instructions . Nor on the website , or explained in any on-line searches.I did NOT see anything `` alive '' on the Wheel , even though there 's an LED , so I just figured I 'd try Dirt 3 . No signs of life and the wheels buttons controlled nothing . I got all the way to the race , and nothing ... . I had to use the Keyboard to get there . I thought maybe it was a controller setting , so I tried to select the wheel . Nothing . I then tried to map the keys to the wheel . Nothing again.I moved the connector to ANOTHER USB port , just for the heck of it . Now I see a RED LED on the front . YAY ! I went through it all again to try Dirt 3 . I did get somewhere this time , but the only thing I could even map in the controller settings section were the pedals . Steering did n't work at all . I was depressed now . But at least I saw some life.I ended up trying a lot of things but to no avail . Things like ; * Download driver from Genius * Removing and re-installing driver in different order * Try Different ports -LRB- INCLUDING USB 3.0 , front ports -RRB- * Pressing ALL the buttons for maybe some MODE change . * Different driving games that may be more compatible . * Holy water sprinkled on top -LRB- not really , but just about everything else -RRB- After hours of frustration , and trying to find solutions on-line -LRB- which I did n't -RRB- , I decided to try a replacement . After all , others had said it worked for them.Amazon was amazing . Cross-shipped my replacement and made the whole process wicked easy . This was first REAL problem in MANY purchases and they took care of me . Kudo 's again to Amazon.The second one arrived faster than the first . I connected it and went into Dirt 3 to try and race again ... One thing I did along the way , but I am not sure if it had an effect , was that I pressed and held the Mode Button . WOW !!! It blinked a number of times ... Was it a sign?Darn it . STILL Stuck at the gate . Oh , wait !!! I had to re-map the Controls to the Keyboard again ? Yes !!! I was able to Map to the Steering this time , and I was able to actually race . YAY again !!! Now , I 'm not so sure the first one I received was defective , although I could never re-map the steering on it.So , this one is working . But , NOT TOTALLY . Not the feedback . I am going to try the different versions -LRB- 32Bit Vs 64Bit -RRB- and see if they affect it . I did try both versions to see if they affected the mapping of the keys to steering , and neither seemed to be a problem . I also think there ' a large lag while driving . I think that 's just poor software design.Here 's some things about the wheel , and a 1 to 10 rating on each . Just My SIMPLE , newbie opinion . All I have to compare against is Microsoft 's xBox Wireless Controllers and the xBox Wireless Steering wheel . I did n't feel I could afford the Higher end steering wheels , but after this , it 's probably worth it , just to avoid the frustration and disappointment .8 - Feel - I think it 's an awesome feeling game wheel . 100x closer to real than Microsoft 's `` thing '' and cheaper too . I did n't find it too small , but I did find it a little too close to the table when I screwed it down .10 - Cables - Length was perfect for me , but I would have liked another foot from pedal to wheel .10 - Hardware design - For this price it has EVERYTHING there control-wise . I think it 's well laid out . The pedals are decent , and do n't slip on a carpet . The wheel seemed solid while turning . Nice placement on the buttons . To bad the software did n't let you use the buttons ... 6 - Response - I attribute this to the software . The Hardware relays signals , but how to process them is up to the software . I noticed a lag when using this compared to the Microsoft Controllers , and they are wireless , which to me would add a delay compared to direct wired . So , I think it can only be the way the signals are processed and passed to the game .5 - Installation - It seemed simple , but without a test program to verify it works it really is confusing . A simple test to acknowledge each control should be simple to write for a company that designs a product and expects to sell it . I really think it 's in the software that these people fail BIG TIME ! 2 - USE - It 's basically a failure . And I feel it 's all software related , which means it SHOULD be fixable , but it has n't been . USB is a standard . The hardware is there . The signals are there . It all shows signs of life . It 's how the software gets that information and processes it , and passes it on that this device fails .0 - Software Driver - This is the stuff running in the background . Hidden , but most important . The Drivers fail to support all functions and it looks like they have n't even attempted to update or fix them in years . The parts that DID work were laggy and you had to go out of your way to use them . This is current , from their site * Driver - updated 2007/02/09 * 0 - Diagnostics - This device has NO diagnostics that I could see . No way to tell if the device was connected or working . Terrible . So many man-hours wasted that could have been avoided with tool showing a devices basic operation . Unacceptable In My Opinion.Bottom line . If you have a 5 year old , or older system still playing OLD games , This MIGHT work . But for anything relatively new , this will be a frustrating and time-consuming purchase . The Hardware team excelled while the Software team has failed . It 's not too late to fix , but will they ? The driver on the site is dated 2007/02/09 . 51/2 years old , and no Update ? No Solutions ? This device has been around a while , and there 's still no simple test to check it ? No solution to use it . I 'd recommend everyone not buy it . Not until they support what they sell ... I think this steering wheel is physically near perfect for even twice the price . But if what you want is a steering wheel that 's `` Plug n Play '' and compatible with today 's 32 and 64 bit games ? Sorry , This is n't it.I apologize to Amazon for them having to send me two of these . They really should remove it from being for sale here until this company creates a product that does what it 's states it can . Otherwise , they are just losing money on returns.Just My Opinion .
 It does not have support for many PC Racing simulations . I bought this so that I could play Race 07 from Simbin , but was disappointed when it was not supported . Before purchasing the wheel , it states that Race 07 was supported , but it is not.It is small and compact , which I love considering that I do n't have a lot of room for a huge Wheel . It does work with the 18 Wheels of Steel games , DiRT , DiRT2 , and Grid , but just not with Race 07 . Still overall a good cheap inexpensive purchase on a wheel .
 Although the manual is 22 pages long , that 's only because it 's a single page repeated in 22 languages . All that single page tells you is to plug the wheel into a USB port and run the CD setup program . That 's it . No details on how to use the wheel . There are 22 buttons on the wheel and nowhere are any of them described or explained how to use them . The Manual in the CD is identical to the printed one.I hooked it up to a computer running Nascar 2002 Racing and so far have not been able to get the game to recognise the foot pedels . No matter what I do the gas and brake can only be activated by using the paddles immediately behind the steering wheel . The problem is that as far as I can tell these paddles are only on-and-off switches , they provide no throttling . This makes rolling off the gas and onto the brake , which is essential for keeping the car undercontrol at high speeds , impossible.The first time I used the wheel it did n't vibrate . The second time it did . The third and forth times it did n't . I have no way of knowing if it 's defective or if one of the 22 switches on the wheel has to be pushed to make it work . Without a real manual it 's impossible to figure this out.I admit that I am not an experienced gamer . To someone familiar with racing software and wheels , this wheel may be great . But for a first timer like myself I have to say I hate it.I 'd appreciate hearing from anyone with information on how to get this wheel to work on my game . Thank you .
 The wheel looks good and feels like it 's built well for a $ 35 steering wheel ... but it arrived with what sounded like a screw or piece of plastic rattling around in the steering wheel body . It also did n't work right . I assume something broke during shipping but the box and package were completely unharmed . Returning for my money back and getting a better wheel .
 this is a really disappointing device . . works with almost no game and if it does is is very very imprecise . . that is on a game like NFS . . i do a WAY better job using my keyboard . . I gave this thing a really good shot coz i know i takes some time getting used to a wheel . . and . . since i bought it i wanted it to work . . my friends have real ones -LRB- logitech @ ~ $ 220 -RRB- I can drive really well with . . the twinwheel may work for less serious driving though on other platforms . . never tried . . Waste of my money . .
 This was not the right item and when you return it you have to pay a 15 % restocking fee . If you are going to sell the item clearly make sure it is stated that it is only for a ps2 and pc . When you look up a racing wheel and foot pedals for a ps3 this item comes up . I will not be recommending this company .
 Genius Twin Wheel F1 , mini Vibration , PC/PS2 combo wheel . Vibration Feedback F1 Racing Wheel.A bunch of junk !
 I placed an order on Dec-10 and received a delivery estimate of Dec 14-17 . As of today Dec-31 the Christmas gift still has not arrived . I have no merchant updates on the expected delivery date . I would not order from this merchant again nor recommend them to anyone else . I would give them a zero star rating if I could but this system does not allow for it .
 ... I thought wrong . Years ago , I had used a Logitech Momo that had only lasted about half a year before calibration went bad . After many years without PC race simulators or wheels , I got this one together with accurate and popular race simulator rFactor.This one was alright ... while it lasted . It handled well with the game for about 2-3 weeks despite a slight digital feeling , until the brake pedal calibration started to stick . Today , the gas pedal also started to fail . The so-called `` geniuses '' left out something that Logitech always puts in
 We purchased this camera specifically for use with my PC . I will directly quote the Sharp advertisement under features for this camera . `` i-Link -LRB- IEEE1394 -RRB- PC Port - I-Link is a digital port for transferring full motion video and sound to a PC equipped with a I-Link port for video editing on a PC . '' I have a Sony Vaio that is equipped . We spent a month going back and forth between dealer and Sharp only to be finally told by Sharp that Sharp has no support for this camera for the I-Link . I think that is false advertising .
 I too bought this camera because I was told that it was the top of the line and used my tax money to buy this for my girls . After a few months of ownership you could no longer watch what you taped . I have never dropped or damaged the camera in any way shape or form . So I took it back to the store that I bought it from and was told that I needed to send it to the manuefacturer to be looked at . Of course that was not free . I am a single mother and can not afford to just go out and buy another one or pay all the money that the company wants to fix it . I bought this camera because my oldest daughter is very athletic and does Bull Riding . Now I have a $ 300.00 camera that just sits around collecting dust that is of absolutely no use . It will record but you can not play it back . If you want to watch what you recorded you have to hit play and fast forward all at the same time . What I do not understand is why has the company not issued a recall on this particular product . I wonder has anyone ever thought about a lawsuit ? If not then someone should . Because after reading so many reviews , there seems to be quite a lot just like my bad experience .
 I was actually quite happy with this camcorder for the first 3 months that I had it . Then one day -LRB- of course after the 90 day warranty on labor provided by Sharp -RRB- the thing stopped working , probably having short-circuited somehow . Sharp , it appears , has only two service outlets in the whole country which charge a minimum of -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- for labor plus shipping etc. . Needless to say , as long as the product quality is as low as it appears , it might soon become an expensive experience . I DO NOT recommend this product to other customers .
 Two weeks after I bought it the camera will not play back what I record . The only way I know it actually captured anything is that it will play back if you hit play and fast forward . This means that I can not get what I have recorded off the MiniDV tape and I can not show anyone what I have recorded ! Until it stopped working the camera was awesome , especially for the price .
 I too like many others liked the camera the first 3 months , but then one day I went to use the camera and it would n't turn on.It 's like it short curciuted . Of course it happend right after the 3 month warrenty was up . They will fix it for a heavy labor charge . I would not recommend purchacing this camera at all . To top it all off the customer service reps were very rude .
 I bought this camera and used it a few times . I think I filled a total of 6 tapes with video . I also used the still picture option a few times . I was pleased with the camera until one day I pulled the camera out to use it and it would n't turn on . Initially I thought that the battery was dead and that maybe the charger cord had a short in it or something and was n't charging the battery , which has a very short operating time . I 've always taken good care of the camera and when not in use I kept it in a padded camera bag . So I put the camera away and made a mental note to test the charger which I did a few days later . The charger tested fine and when I pulled the camera out to investigate further , it turned on and worked fine . About a month later I took the cam out to film my 5 year old play soccer and the camera was dead again . Apparently for good this time . I ca n't even eject the tape thats inside . Also , while I was inspecting the camera , I noticed that something was rattling around inside the camera . Therefore I opened the cassette door and turned the camera upside down , and two very tiny screws fell out of the camera into my hand . The screws are about the size of those used in eyeglass frames , very small , and I have no idea as to how they became unscrewed , or where they were located . Needless to say I am very disappointed . All of this conveniently occured after the measly 90 day warranty expired . I took the camera to a local electronics repair shop -LRB- Sharp only has 2 or 3 service centers in the whole US -RRB- who told me that Sharp is not very cooperative in releasing service manuals for their products and that this repair will cost me -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- because he will have to buy the manuals . Sharp wants even more money than that to repair it . Right now I could buy a brand new one for -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- . I am now an ex-customer of Sharp products and I 'm telling everybody I know who 's even considering purchasing a Sharp product about my experience .
 The camera was ok , considering when I would take still pictures the pictures would come out blurry . But then one day out of the blue It stopped working . It 's like it had a short circuit . Then I was reading other reviews , I come to find , that I am not the only one that this has happend too with this camera . Of course this happens right after the 3 month warrenty is over . Oh they will fix it for you , but for a heavy labor charge . I would not recommend purchasing this camera at all . To top It all off the costumer service reps were very rude .
 Like many others here , my camera also suddenly stopped working one day . I 've had the camera exactly 2 years and have taped about 16 hours total . I also have taken very good care of it - never been dropped or damaged in any way . The Sharp-recommended repair facility wanted $ 40 just to look at it . I opted to send it to a facility that does free estimates ... just learned it will cost $ 225 to fix the power source . Even though the repair shop will guarantee everything for 6 mos , we will likely spend a little extra just to buy a newer , better camera .
 I purchased this camera in August of 2002 and have taken very good care of it . I have only used for aprox . 8 hours of recording . I powered on the camera , finished the tape that was currently in the recorder , and it suddenly powered off . I had noticed the battery was fully charged when I was recording so I knew it was n't a battery issue . We then found there was no way to manually eject the tape since it is a motorized ejection process . We contact Sharp who suggested to remove the battery and reseat -LRB- which we had already tried -RRB- and if that did not help then it would have to be sent to a service center for $ $ $ 's . The quality is very disappoining considering the camcorder was used so little and was always taken care of . We eventually took the camcorder apart ourselves destroying it just to salvage the video tape inside since it is more cost effective to purchase a new recorder than to send $ $ $ 's to repair a junk camcorder .
 I bought this for my Everio GZ-MG50 and I 'm very disappointed.The case is too basic . It has room for the camera and one additional small battery , but with the strap on the camera it becomes difficult to fit everything inside the case . There is no additional pockets , so you 'll be unable to use it to carry other stuff , like lenses , charger or cables.The battery is the same you get with the camera . It charges quickly but it only gives you an hour or less of recording time . I recommend a larger model as your second battery.Summary
 I contacted this seller 15 times via emails and phones and he/she never responded . I guess s/he is dead or something . The camera I recieved was totally different than the one I pictured . I would never ever buy from this person again in my life.thanks
 Monitor was fine ... a few quirky things i didnt like . Slow response , colors were off compared to my TV and CRT despite my best adjustments . I always inadvertently hit the reset buttom when powering off ... which meant all my settings were lost.After a year of service it died ... pretty sorry life . The customer service is SLOWWWWW sat on hold for 20 minutes to get a service tech . The music on the customer service was loud and aggressive classical -LRB- which fueled my anger at the wait time ... what idiots -RRB- . Needless to say ... id buy a no name monitor from other big e-retailers before id buy another mag LCD . Dont waste your time or money unless you feel like buying a new lcd down the road .
 Before you consider a MAG monitor , go online and read what has happened to lots of MAG owners including me . Just after 1 year of service my 19 '' MAG lcd died . It would work for 15 minutes and then the screen would go black . Turn it off and on and it would work for 5 minutes and then go black until it would not come on at all . MAG customer service is non-existant . Before you buy read some reviews and buy from a better company . MAg lcds are not worth the money .
 I bought this monitor a year ago this month at the Black Friday sale at Best Buy thinking I was getting a deal but it is NOT at any price . I would n't take this monitor again if Best Buy was giving them away . Every day when I turn on my computer , this monitor blinks vertical stripes over and over again and I have to restart the CPU about 5 to 6 times in order to get it to work . I have emailed and called Customer Support and no response to my issue . I was told by them that my problem may be RAM related as I did add a 1 Gig stick of RAM to my CPU recently but have removed it and still got the same annoying issue of blinking lines and a high pitch whining sound . I gave this item one star b/c it did work but only for one year . My advice is spend your money on a more quality item that will last longer .
 Agree with others . This monitor is slow refresh rates and work for about a year befor they Die . Made in China I guess you ca n't expect much . Never buy another .
 I bought theses binoculars as work equipment . Their construction is tough as nails but they suffer greatly from internal reflections . Not recomended for low light or night use ! -LRB- no 30mm objective will perform well in dim light -RRB- Best description would be STEINER LITE . Not up to the standards of the rest of the Steiner line .
 I was very disapppointed by the poor quality optics of these binoculars . Steiner has a supberb reputation but eidently they are producing a low quality product at this level to get to a low price point . Typically steiner sells at twice this price so the old adage `` you get what you pay for '' is true in this case . The optics on the Bushnell or Nikkon at half the price are as good or better . Do n't be fooled by the Steiner name on this model .
 I tried two of these . The first one would pixalate the picture and the sound would drop out . Also there was a green flashing tint when I tryed to capture from my other 8mm camcorder to convert the tape to digital . Amazon was very good about getting me a second camera in short order . Unfortunantly , it had a loud tape drive motor that the mic would pick up while recording so you always had a buzzing whine in the background . I liked the camera and wished it had worked well . Still pictures were very weak but it was cool to have that ability at all . Do n't give up your dedicated digital still camera . Light sensitivity is a couple of years behind . Good light , good picture - poor light , well , you get the picture.Can ' t beat the price but I think I will wait to see what else comes along . As I said , if it had just worked properly I would have been satisfied for the price .
 I have had this camera for just under a year . I bought the warranty . One day it just stopped working . Would n't turn on . I brought it to a repair center . It was sent back to SHARP and given all new internal parts . I do n't plan to keep it , but the warranty saved me from having a very expensive paper weight .
 I opened the package and tested the Viewcam with a brand new tape in a fairly clean room . Played back image was terribly distorted with several horizontal mozaic-patterned bars . During further recording , `` head dirty '' warning sign occasionally came up . Cleaned the head with a brand new cleaning tape , without any improvement . I returned the Viewcam and bought a SONY TRV-18 , which , to my surprise , played back the very movie without any problem . This means , in my case , the Viewcam recorded the image successfully but could not show its achievement on its own monitor.Still pictures were OK though . Sensitivity is lot better than my FinePix 4800 and the image quality was better than TRV-18 .
 I just got off the phone with Sharp myself to see if the prior rating was valid or not . He sure was . In effect , they are not going to guarantee that you can even transfer your video to your PC . The Firewire might work , it might not ... they wo n't be responsible if it does n't . The tech told me that my best bet would be to buy a 3rd party software which could get the job done ... only it would n't be transferred digitally . What a crock !
 I bought this camera after seeing the reviews on amazon.com , in particular that it was durable . I enjoyed doing videos with it . But very soon after the warranty expired , the video stopped working . It still worked as a VCR , but not as a camera . When I sent it for repair at one of the Sharp partners , the bill to repair would have been higher than the cost of the camera !!! So be aware that this is not in fact a durable camera , and Sharp USA did nothing to help the confidence of this ex-customer .
 Did I say cheap?You get less than what you paid for this camcorder.I bought it because it was going to cost $ ... after rebate . Now I know why it is so cheap.This thing is nothing more than a fancy webcam with firewire and usb connections that records on DV tapes.Believe me , all you get is webcam quality capture on DV tapes.The native resolution of the capture I bet is 352 x 240 -LRB- which is the same as VCD -RRB- . You will not get DVD quality capture -LRB- 720 x 480 -RRB- with this camcorder.I have Adobe premiere 6.5 and used it to do live capture . This is how you see the full capability of the camcorder capture . If you record on tape , the manufacturer could say or you might believe that the issue is with the tape . So , doing live capture to your computer hard drive is the best way to test the camcorder.I did a series of capture 4:3 and 16:9 -LRB- widescreen -RRB- at DV settings of 720 x 480 . The movies were awful as if I was using a netcam . In fact , this camcorder only takes slightly better picture than my netcam.This camcorder is meant for capturing movies for TV -LRB- since most TVs display at 320 x 240 -RRB- . It is not meant for high resolution capture . The movies looked barely OK on my TV , but just awful on my computers when viewed at full screen . The movies looked Ok if viewed in a small window on the computer just like they do on the TV . However , when you maximize the movies to full screen , you realize that they were captured at low resolutions.I spend two hours going through the settings and manual thinking that the camera was set for low resolution movie capture and that I could change it . That was not the case . For one , you have no option to change the resolution at which movies are captured . Two , the resolution you get is the camcorder 's native and maximum resolution.The still picture of this camecorder as you might expect by now is just as awful . The maximum resolution for the pictures is 320 x 240 just about like the movie capture resolution.Finally the camera is cheaply constructed.My advice
 Although I think some of the unique features that this model has , like the VCR mode , are wonderful , I have had serious problems with it . I had to return it twice in 30 days because two different things had broken on it . The first time , the speaker had been damaged , and the second time it began eating my tapes -LRB- it destroyed 3 of them -RRB- . On the second return , I traded for a different brand and I am now much happier .
 I received this camera as a gift in early November to use for the holidays this year . But after returning twice I decided to go another direction . This camera seems to have a problem with noise -LRB- funny lines and shapes -RRB- on recordings . I spoke to Sharp the first time this happened , and the service person asked if I was using TDK tapes . I answered yes , and the Sharp service person told me that TDK tapes leave a residue on the heads wich cause major problems for the camera . I was only ever able to get five good minutes of recording on either of the two cameras I had .
 Bought this camera , the reviews had good things to say about it . The very first time I used it , upon playback , the video was very badly pixelated even though it was a new camera and new tape . Not a good start at all . The Photo taking aspect of the camera is decent in good light and useless in medium light . I am now waiting on my replacement tocome to me , hoping that the issues will be gone ... not betting on it since my buddy has the same camera with the same problem too right out of the box ... hmm ?? Maybe pass on this one ...
 This product equals trouble the screen broke and now i have to replace it ! I really hate the placement of that -LSB- silly -RSB- screen ... ahhh
 Honestly , if you are buying this item get the extended warranty if available ... you could very well need it . I had it for barely a year and it worked great no complaints at all till it just quit working all together . Now it makes a great paperweight . The unit will not power up at all . Bear in mind that my unit has never been mishandled or mistreated . I have also done research on the web and have found similar reviews elsewhere . I am still trying to get Sharp to help me replace or repair it . I 'd love to be able to write a retraction in the coming days that Sharp has stepped up and done the right thing . Till then ... Stay tuned and best of luck .
 This is a good camera when it works . Mine stopped working 98 days after purchasing it -LRB- 8 days after the labor warranty expired -RRB- . The parts were paid for , but I still had to pay ... labor charges to have it fixed . Customer support was absolutely NO help ! This will probably be the last SHARP product that I buy !
 No place to put the hand on , and the LCD quality is not so good .
 The quality is very poor . I was all hyper thinking that I got myself a miniDV cam and was recording a function . When I compared my tape Vs. a sony Hi-8 tape I saw the difference . The color , resulation all poor . The LCD does not have a cover , I am sure there will be scratched on it in a few month . My expectation was to do streaming directly , but NO , it doesnt have the streaming capability . You have to buy a capture device on the computer to do it.I will probably give mine away to some one back home . The still pic quality is also very poor , specially at night or in darker room . If you want a camera to record some memorable moments , this is not for that .
 I had horrible time with this camcorder.It has a lot of advanced features but very easy to broken The service center is only available at NY and CA , costs much more money to repair than buy it.Don ' t spend your money on trouble .
 I agree with the post from Kansas . I am on my 3rd camcorder and within minutes of taping , the lines start . The `` x '' comes on first which means dirty heads , but in a new camcorder with new tape ?? I am using sony minidv -LRB- me -RRB- tapes . I really wish I can find one that works !! I really like the camcorder !!
 I really liked this camera because of the size and ability to take the pictures and videos in one . Now however I am very disappointed because after one year of use the camera broke down . The still button that takes snapshots stopped working . I can only take videos now and who knows how long that will last ! I am sending this for service , hoping it wo n't cost me too much to fix it . Very upseting that it happened the moment one year warranty expired!Part II - March 2007I have had the worse experience with this camera ! Do not buy it , it does not last ! First it broke down as soon as the warranty expried and I sent it for service because I really liked this camera . I paid $ 300 to fix it and one year later it broke down again !!! I am so frustrated I am throwing this junk to the garbage . I wish I did it the first time around , I would have a new camera by now - never Sharp !
 Can i hear you say `` dog crap '' ? This camera seemed great from the reviews , and boy did I do my homework on this one . Problem was that intermittently there would be a problem during playback of tapes , ie
 Well I have to say that Amazon.com was very good about replacing the camcorder . They are now sending me my 3rd sharp VLNZ100U camcorder . Very Nice ppl they are . Now the camera on the other hand well that is another story . It takes good video but it just does n't want to play it back to the computer . The video comes back all digitized and full of bars . I figured maybe it was because it is going into the computer , so i unplugged the firewire , same thing , just chunked video . I would recommend buying this camera if you JUST want to RECORD . Do n't think about playing it back . ROFL a one way camcorder .
 The camera records good video images , I 'm very happy with that . The controls work fairly well , though the menus take some getting used to . I like the two handed operation , thought it 's easy for the right thumb to accidentally punch buttons that turn off the auto-focus ... The still images are very grainy , but I do n't use this camera for that very often.That 's the good , here 's the ugly
 The firewire connection does not work when connecting to a pc . I have tried on 3 different pc 's w / different cables . When contacting Sharp technical support , they said that they DO NOT support firewire connections to pc.They said the only thing the firewire port was intented for was to connect to another miniDV device . I also ran into problems when trying to get the camera serviced . Would not recommend Sharp as a company to buy from .
 I had the same problems as others did . I am glad that I tested this out before it was too late to return it . I only used this once with a brand new Sony miniDV tape . It was OK the first time I played it , but the picture dropped out the second time around ... pixelation ... sound drops out ... If this happens with one tape , I would hate to imagine what happens in a year when the warranty runs out . -LRB- reminds me of the early GM cars -RRB- I saw the problems that other people had and thought ... hey it wo n't happen to me . Well ... I happened to me -LRB- and it ... -RRB- . Make sure that you test this thing carefully !!!
 Bought this webcame from supplier and they contacted me 4 days later to tell me that they sold all of their cameras to another company for resale and did n't know when more would come in . Refused to give me a discount or expedited shipping.DO NOT BUY FROM THIS SUPPLIER ! HORRIBLE AT RUNNING THEIR BUSINESS . WHO SELLS PRODUCTS THAT YOU DO N'T HAVE ?!?
 The design is great . Perfect for a laptop case . However , quality control seems poor . I plugged the 5-pin micro USB connector into my Android and it killed it . Had to send the phone back to the factory to get re-programmed . I repeated the experiment with an Android from work , and it caused that one to immediately power off.It seems likely that there 's a short in the connector . That 's a problem that should be caught at the factory .
 This is a great thing to keep your cords from getting all tangled up . but you can forget about it if you want to use it to charge the batteries on your devices . I could not charge the battery on my cell phone or camera like I could with the `` normal '' usb cords .
 Ok , so I 'm in love with the convenience of compact retractable cords ... No more tangled cords ! The * idea * of just 1 retractable cord to use for all devices is good - but the execution just did n't work . USB chargers , in general , are not the most efficient . However , once you add the additional connection for the tip , the loss of power due to the inefficiency of this cable is horrible ... Also , NOT compatible with the HTC Incredible for data transfer and charging does n't really work - very LOW power transfer .
 This has never worked since I got it ! It almost burnt up my camera when I plugged it in to charge . I should have bought the one at Wal-mart instead !
 I should have taken the previous review more seriously . Total waste of $ 11 . I 'd return it if the cost of shipping was n't more than its worth.I bought this thing for my kodak camera , the smallest adaptor was not small enough , despite specs seemed comparable.I thought I can at least use the other adaptor to charge my blackberry . It fits but as soon as I plug it into computer or the wall unit , it causes blackberry to reboot.Of the remaining two of the four , one is the common large one which comes all the time with accessories -LRB- I had four extra ones lying around -RRB- . The last one is a just a coupler for joining two standard USB cables . Who in the damn world would even need that?The only useable piece in it maybe the retractable standard USB . Maybe even it does n't work , since I did not really try it . I have tons of USB cables lying around , so I do n't need yet another one . I needed the adaptors . Apparently this is not the product if you need adaptors .
 this is my second mouse . same as the last one i bought . the last one , after i used it for 7 months it started dumb-click -LRB- once click = double click -RRB- very annoying . i made a fix on it with opening it and cleaning it . but after 4 months it completely broken which even doesnot have red light ... just stop working ... sucksi bought the same product again . and took care it well . but 6 months it stopping working again ... god ... i wont use this kind of suck mouse again . i even donot want to return it.donot buy this kind of mouse.save ur money for logitech ... or some other brands period
 I purchased this product because of its compact design which is perfect for my travelling job . It worked wonderfully in the beginning , but it started acting crazy after a couple of months . It double clicked on its own when I clicked only once -LRB- which is annoying when everything you click pops open -RRB- . Then it started to lose the optical signal and then it just died.Luckily , it was still under warranty , so I got my replacement . However within 8 months , it broke down again -LRB- having the same problem -RRB- . So I contacted Targus again . But this time they would not replace it because they only replace during the 1 year warranty of the original purchase . It 's not like I abused it . I took good care of it . It sucks that Targus will not stand behind their product 100 % . Do n't purchase this if you do n't want to shell out more money to replace every couple of months .
 This has happened to me for 2 of these mouse now -LRB- bought via corporate procurement so NO choice of mouse -RRB- . One click becomes a double click randomly -LRB- within 6 months -RRB- . I replaced 2 since it came with the Targus warranty -LRB- one for me and one for my colleague -RRB- . One of the replacement mouse which also developed a double click problem has now died with no lights -LRB- in less than 2 years -RRB- . And the Targus warranty allows you to replace each mouse ONCE ONLY . And the other replacement mouse is left unopened as no one wants to use it !!! Do not waste your money with this mouse unless you want to pay only for less than 6 months of normal usage .
 the cord continually retracts . . it does not lock into place after being extended . its very frustrating . i wanted to return it but its the only mouse my son has and he didnt want to wait for a new one to be sent.perhaps a new one could be sent anyway ... this one if sent back came broken and probably not resellable .
 This is an older model of the product . Many improvements have been made to the newest model WVC210 . If money is an issue go with the WVC200 the improvements are not that significant . Both models have an email notification which is NON functional . When Cicso support was contacted , their help was non existant on the problem . Their solution was , `` it is your ISP problem , '' with NO troubleshooting effort on their part whatsoever . This is uncommon for Cicso , MOST of their support is acceptable . Must be all these cost cutting efforts that we end users get to suffer with . These cameras are classified as Small Business equipment as opposed to Consumer end users . If you purchase one of these cameras , make sure you are buying the model you want .
 I returned this unit after several days of fiddling . I got it to work on my wireless network , no problem . The monitor software was easy to use and could be expanded with more cameras . Unfortunately , the picture quality was never very good . I boosted the settings to maximum and still felt the quality was not what it should be . I just could n't keep it with such a high price and the low picture quality . I suggest you select a different camera .
 The motion detection does n't work well at all.Other than that , it is n't a bad wireless camera.The audio is n't very good either and you can not take pictures of someone sitting next to a lamp .
 I purchased this camera and sent it back 48-hours later . I have a Linksys WRT350N -LRB- top of the line wireless-N router -RRB- . This camera would not join the network . I am network savvy , still no joy in a wireless setup . Plus , in wired mode I had a chance to review the functionality of the camera , and let me tell you , it stinks . Sure , resolution ` is-what-it-is ' , but the pan and tilt motor sounds like a freight train . Obviously , this camera was n't intended for clandestine operation , nor was this what I was looking for , however I did n't intend to wake the dead every time the pan/tilt motor engages . I sent this product back and ordered the Panasonic BL-C131 ; Panasonic makes a great camera !
 I have a B.S. in Electrical Engineering and a Masters in Computer Science and still had significant challenges in getting the software configured . Not for the faint of heart ! Seriously recommend looking at Panasonic cameras before purchasing one of these . You have been warned !
 I bought this camera to monitor my house over my wireless network when I 'm away . Here are my impressions after one week : PROS :1 . Kinda cool looking . The large lens cover camouflages the camera .2 . Images are decent -LRB- not great -RRB- in low light .3 . Multiple people can view the camera remotely through an IE browser -LRB- no other browser will work , however -RRB- .4 . 30 frames per second gives smooth motion -LRB- however , faster frame rates and higher resolutions are only practical over local network , not over the Internet -RRB- .5 . Remote pan/tilt feature works well -LRB- though noisy ... no stealth panning with this one -RRB- .6 . Audio works fine .7 . Motion detection/email notification works well -LRB- after a non-intuitive set-up -RRB- .8 . Linksys ' `` SoloLink '' remote DDNS service works well , and you 'll need it if your service provider and your network uses dynamic IP addresses -LRB- e.g. , cable modems -RRB- . There are alternatives , but you 'll save yourself a lot of aggravation if you stick with SoloLink.CONS :1 . VERY difficult set up ... much more difficult than my Linksys ' WRT54G router , print server and two desktop adaptors . The camera works much better plugged into the router via Ethernet port . Going wireless adds a significant level of complexity to everything .2 . At first I believed that the antenna position was just plain finicky . The wireless connection did n't work until I set the antenna at right angle from the unit . Now the camera does n't work wireless at all . I thought that perhaps the antenna was defective ; however , other reviewers confirmed that this is a common problem .3 . Picture quality is below average . Not as crisp and detailed as my $ 80 Logitech webcam . Black shirts and green foliage appear purple . Tweaking the setup makes no difference . Not for serious surveillance .4 . The monitoring/recording utility software does n't work ; the software ca n't find this camera on my network , wireless or cabled . I 've given up on using this utility and , instead , rely on the -LRB- inferior -RRB- browser with its buggy ActiveX viewer .5 . Finicky browser viewing . At first I thought the camera was dead until I discovered that I needed to kick-start the viewer with a browser refresh . The ActiveX plug-in also locks up my browser occasionally , even when I 'm not using the camera . Connection speed is MUCH slower over the Internet . Using a higher resolution setting -LRB- 640x480 -RRB- prevents the image from loading over the Internet . Inside a corporate firewall ? Forget it ... 6 . You 'll need to use Linksys ' EXPENSIVE SoloLink subscription to view the camera over the web if you have a dynamic IP address and DDNS -LRB- e.g. , cable modem -RRB- .7 . It took me all week to figure out how to get the motion detector email notification feature to work . The documentation does n't tell you that you need to go into an obscure image `` sensitivity '' submenu and enable at least one of four `` zones . '' Why is n't one of these `` zones '' enabled by default ? 8 . Camera `` server '' fails regularly and requires a reboot -LRB- unplug , then re-plug in the camera -RRB- . I reboot each morning as a precaution . If I 'm gone for several days , I 'll need to find a way to reboot from a distance -LRB- on/off timer ? -RRB- .9 . Linksys online support/Q & As ; / user forums for any of its cameras is frustratingly non-existent .10 . PDF manual is woefully inadequate ... it appears as though the writers got lazy after a bullet point or two to highlight various features -LRB- but some are n't mentioned at all -RRB- . The manual offers very little troubleshooting and no set up examples . This manual is a chief culprit why this camera is so difficult to set up and use.BOTTOM LINE
 This is a relatively inexpensive IP camera that works relatively well in the wired mode that is relatively new to the market . However , even with extensive help from Linksys/Cisco 's technical service I have been unable to get it to function in the wireless mode . As others have noted the color is poor . Read more ... Pros - This is an affordable IP camera that allows one to view from other computers if you use Linksys ' web-forwarding service or other services . - Pan/Tilt mechanism works though , as another reviewer points out , a little noisy . This may be good if you want to know if someone is using the camera . - There is a 2X zoom that may help is some cases but it is not much of a magnification - The color of the image suggests that it relies heavily on IR wavelengths so it may work in low light but I have not tried this yet . - There is an LCD panel on the front that allows one to check the unit 's IP address and whether it is static or dynamic . - The software permits an email alert if the image changes which functions as motion detector . - The software can ftp an still image to another site at regular intervals so that you can build a movie or update a viewing web page . - Setting up the camera in wired mode was straightforward.Cons - As others have noted the color is poor . Trees and grass register a reddish hue that suggests that the camera is heavily weighted toward the IR wavelengths . A replacement unit also had this problem so it is probably the default situation . - The image resolution is not crisp . - As another reviewer has noted the stand is flimsy and does not hold the camera securely , especially if the cable is stiff . - The major problem is that I have not been able to establish a wireless connection using my D-Link DI-642 wireless router . This has been noted by other reviewers . After with several interactions with Linksys/Cisco 's technical service the first unit was deemed defective and replaced -LRB- shipping at my expense -RRB- . The replacement unit also could not function wirelessly suggesting that the problems are inherent in the design . I will not list the steps that we tried to establish WiFi but they were extensive with both the initial unit and the replacement unit . Linksys/Cisco has again asked me to send the replacement unit in for another replacement . I am fairly proficient with wireless configurations so I should be able to configure this camera to work with my network.In summary , this camera has good potential but is plagued by problems that make it a disappointing product . I believe that this camera has a narrow window of compatibility and is not ready for the general consumer market . I 'm betting that these problems result from software issues that were not addressed before rollout . I can not recommend this camera.Please note that it is Linksys/Cisco 's policy that no refunds are given on returned equipment . This means that if you are not satisfied with its performance you have no recourse .
 The concept is nice ... 802.11 g camera . However there are some fundamental flaws with the design.The streaming of the video is too heavy-weight for the 802.11 g . A simple ping shows hops in excess of 800ms . As soon as I stop streaming , it is about 16ms ... which means the cams processor is overloaded.The stream is very choppy.As for pan / tilt ... only works 25 % of the time . The video always streams -LRB- which means there is connectivity -RRB- , but when I issue pan/tilt commands , only 25 % of the time does it respond to my commands.I bought this as a toy ... to put in the front window to see who is there , while I am working in my home office . I do n't see how someone would / could use this for practical monitoring . The picture is very choppy , not very clear , and does n't respond to commands.Considering Linksys is owned by Cisco ... this hit the market without any real quality assurance . This is hardly useable .2 thumbs down . Come'on Cisco ... get your act together . You are leaving room for someone to come in and do it better . I will be returning this , and may buy the panasonic .
 As others have noted , this item is way , way too hard to install . I 'm very computer oriented , build my own computers , taken college level computer courses , etc. , and I could NOT get this to work even though I 've gotten other similar units to work with minimal effort , D-Link version . Although , again , while it worked flawlessly `` wired , '' it was also a minor challenge getting it to work wireless ... but I could never get the Linksys to work at all ... I have nothing against Linksys equipment , in fact , I have their WRT54G router and it 's a great product.However , this Internet Camera is NOT a great product ...
 Took way to long to get working , and with lots of workarounds to get any functionality out of it at all . The wireless antenna is defective , and the Linksys community forum has lots of horror stories -LRB- of course I did n't see them till after I had the camera and was trying to find help making it work -RRB- . The firmware is buggy . If you try to make too many changes to quickly , the camera loses it and must be reset to factory and the setup process restarted . The wireless antenna is defective , I suspect a design flaw , so it wo n't work on wireless at all -LRB- some others got it working only with the antenna straight out but mine wo n't work at all -RRB- . The camera wo n't respond to a LAN -LRB- local IP -RRB- access request , I could only get it working through the Sololink DDNS.I have a Linksys WVC54G fixed wireless internet camera that works fine on the same network , but this PTZ camera is a dog . I 'm hoping Cisco/Linksys releases a firmware update that fixes some or all of the problems -LRB- other than the defective hardware -RRB- , but I 've used lots of Linksys products and they are so cheap -LRB- in cost -RRB- because they 're so cheaply built , and Linksys likes to skip the firmware update process and simply release a new version of the product -LRB- s -RRB- that fixes some of the buggy aspects of their earlier versions . Sucks , but then their stuff is cheap . I 'd rather pay a few dollars more for better quality .
 After trying for over a day to get the camera to work wirelessly I had to return it - the wireless component did not work at all . All settings were exactly as instructed in the installation manuals but the camera just did not work in the wireless mode . I would not recommend this device at all .
 They ca n't support this properly - beware . A simple question on how to connect this wirelessly they ca n't provide help . They then actually had the nerve to tell me to seek support from the retailer !! Beware .
 Poor quality and hooking up is timely and connection resets , etc. . Not worth the money !
 The color of the image is WAY off -LRB- greens and blues display as red -RRB- and there is no way to adjust them . Do n't expect to display the output on a web page without giving the caller your user name and password and then just PRAY they do n't modify your setup ! The image itself shows a `` fish-eye '' effect . Linksys has not addressed these issues in spite of the many complaints on their support forum . Nor will they provide any documentation on how to program the camera for a web site . My $ 50 Logitech web cam does a far better job .
 I have not tried this camera but I have a Wireless Panasonic Internet Cam . It is great . It 's a little expensive but well worth it . You can monitor your home from anywhere you get internet access . You can have one or more cam views with additional cameras . I am getting ready to purchase a couple more.Cons
 Very dissapointed with the service i recieved for highly trained tech 's for my linksys wv200 internet camera.I would rate myself as highly knowledgeable person in regards to setting up networks and ip or software issues . Spent countless hours of talks with the tech support of troubleshoot ... still ended up dissapointed.Didnt expect such low quality of service for such a big copration.Have lost a customer and word of mouth from me about this product and services.In conclusion i had to return the camera .
 Using a wired connection , I got all of the features working . However , the color quality was very poor , with a magenta cast . The pan/tilt motors whirred loudly - so much for unobtrusiveness.The real troubles started when I went wireless . If I just viewed the video stream , it worked , but as soon as I tried to pan/tilt/zoom , the camera would lock up . It required a power-cycle to regain response.I returned it .
 This was the second Linksys wireless camera I have tried and it will be my last . I decided to try the best Linksys had to offer thinking it would work better that the less expensive model . I was wrong . The main problem I have is the speed in which the web server in the camera rendered the video . It is so slow that at times my browser times out . I have checked and verified the wireless network speed is up tp par and I tried to access the camera both from the internet and directly from the my network side -LRB- 192.168.1 . XXX -RRB- and it continues to be slow . I even tried to use the lowest resolution setting with no success .
 In addition to my prior first impression here is the final.The camera does not work as claimed or advertised . Repeated testing using different configurations , computers and setups shows hardware defective design and manufacture which can not be repaired through software updates . The actual hardware needs to be replaced . Indiscriminate buyers might be happy with bad focus , bad peripheral focus , false colors -LRB- green is not rendered properly and comes out at violet -RRB- , poorly designed and executed user interface , frequent lockup , falsely claimed speed of 30 frames per second - on 5Mb -LRB- up and down -RRB- Internet connection the camera on the smallest resolution is not able to deliver 10 fps , when more than one person is watching it gets even worst , the ActiveX is very bad choice for interface and could not be utilized on anything but Windows Internet Explorer , false claims that the camera sends MPEG4 to Windows systems - it does not and Cisco does not provide any drivers to make it possible.The camera is expensive
 a virtual nightmare with set up . no help from their support staff on phones , nor online Q&A. ; poorest choice i ever have made in a product !! I am a savvy computer type with network experience and this one for the books . Item still sitting where i left it ... , useless .
 First of All let me say the Lynksys is Great ! -LRB- Company and products -RRB- Now for the review
 I did a fair amount of research before buying this camera , reading reviews , comparing specs , etc. . I was fairly confident this was the best internet camera in my price range . I do n't know whether or not that 's true or if this camera is representative of security cams in general , but I do know I was not impressed by this camera on any level.Video quality is terrible . Awful in low light . Setup and configuration procedures are draconian . The motor is LOUD when you pan or tilt.It 's entirely possible I 'm being unfair . There are challenges for compressing and delivering video over wireless or ethernet . Sacrifices in image quality must be made to limit bandwidth . The only other ` security ' cameras I 've had experience with are the 20 dollar x10 types which gave me exactly what I expected for 20 dollars.I did n't expect to get the same image quality from a three hundred dollar camera .
 I bought the H-D80 for my new Nikon D80 camera . The hinge pins on the side panels snapped right off the very first time I flipped it open , and no wonder -- turns out they are just tiny thin little plastic pins , even though this is an obvious stress point . This thing certainly is n't durable enough for day to day field use . Wasted my money !
 We bought an awesome turntable from Amazon for Christmas . But , the cables are VERY short . So , bought this to set the turntable next to the tv stand -LRB- so we can open the lid -RRB- . Got the humming other reviewers said did n't happen and discovered it had blown 3 of our surround sound speakers ! So , beware when hooking this up .
 This product was described to fit the Fellowes Powershred 320cc - but they do n't . I had to retrun them . Double check with Fellowes before ordering bags to make sure you are ordering the right ones .
 I was very happy with this monitor for 7 months . Then the problem began
 Has issues . The screen keeps blanking out , the controls are messed up , trying to adjust anything -LRB- brightness , contrast etc -RRB- makes the monitor crash . -LRB- The on scree interface actually locks up ! -RRB- Cheaply made .
 If you ever plan or intend to play older games DO NOT EVER buy this monitor ... The company does n't support low resolution modes such as 320x200 which are pretty common even today . Basically the monitor stretches the image too much vertically when using 320x200 and 640x400 . Otherwise this monitor is nice but do n't expect any sympathy from their support staff when you go boo-hoo . In fact , do n't ever contact their support staff . Anyone who uses all caps in their emails anywhere makes me wonder how they will sound over the phone .
 I recently purchased Envision 15 '' LCD Flat panel . Big dissappointment ! The back light of this monitor was completely off . On the top the screen was very dark and on the buttom too bright . There is no way to adjust the back light to evenly illuminate the screen . Sent it right back!WHAT YOU PAY IS WHAT YOU GET .
 I have had this monitor for seven months and the screen image has totally faded . I ca n't see even black words on the screen . I am having to ship the monitor to California at my own expense . I am very disappointed with this product .
 This monitor produced a wonderful picture for the money , for 5 months . Then it went black . Bought it at CompUSA -- they do n't want to know , because I did n't purchase the ... service contract . They will not return calls . So , I 'm dealing with the manufacturer and have to ship the unit at my expense to New Jersey for repair . Thank goodness I still had the old monitor around -LRB- ca n't just put it in the dumpster , can we ?!! -RRB- or I 'd be computer-less in the interim . I notice Amazon has discontinued this model -- are they on to something ? I would n't buy this headache again .
 The old maxim applies very well to this noticeably low end product . My supervisor bought several of these monitors to replace the tired old 17 '' CRTs we had around the office and , upon installing them , instantly regretted it . While the dead pixels that plauged most of the screens were irriating enough , the ` pixel jitter ' that afflicted every one of the monitors was murder on the eyes . The latter effect was a result of the poor design of the monitors and the low quality electronics used in the monitors ' analog to digital converters . There is a reason why Envision can undersell every other manufacturer -LRB- ... -RRB- -- corners were cut in design and manufacture of this product
 ... I was worried about what I might get -LRB- poorly packaged , dead pixel -LRB- s -RRB- , power cable too short , tilt angle too shallow , top-to-bottom shadowing , cross-hatching , etc. -RRB- . I thought , `` I 'll be lucky and maybe get a good one . '' Nope !! I got all of the above negatives plus three new ones . The `` silver '' paint looks like a 4th grader brushed it on -LRB- literally all over -RRB- , plus there is a large scrape/scratch on the upper right side . It has dead pixels plus a strange thick black line about 1/2 '' inside the screen -LRB- do n't even know what this is -RRB- . Finally , the power goes off about every 5 mins and I have to jiggle the power cord in the monitor 's backside to get it back on . I am not a computer jockey , nor a perfectionist . ... . My advise - spend perhaps 10-15 % more and get a reputable high quality monitor . You 'll be glad you did .
 Great looking unit , great price . Did n't work . I tried various resolutions but the screen would turn blank after 2 seconds regardless , even though the power indicator remained green . Tech Support was pleasant but unhelpful . I guess I was unlucky as no-one else seems to have had this problem , but I 'm going for refund ahead of replacement , just in case .
 Really bad . I 've not had very good luck in contacting the company either . I like the size of it but the picture quality really is poor . One feels like its Halloween there are so many ghosts . And the company response is unsatisfactory . Keep looking for a better machine .
 The old maxim holds well here . My employer recently bought a set of these monitors and they have been universally poor performers . In particular , they were all plauged with the ` pixel jitter ' that is so common to low-end LCDs . If a 17 '' panel is something you must have , try a Phillips , a Samsung , or a NEC model . Your eyes are worth the extra cost .
 The first monitor had a problem with the screen . Fortunately , I was able to exchange it for a new monitor.Unfortunately , the second monitor worked fine for about 3 weeks but then a portion of the screen started getting lighter than other portions of the screen . Another reviewer stated that black is n't 100 % black . Well , it is a defect and since Compusa only allow returns within 14 days , I am stuck shipping this monitor to Texas.I am without a monitor for a few weeks . Obviously , I am disappointed and it is a hassle . I guess you get what you pay for . With the cost of shipping and insurance , I could have purchased a Samsung .
 I bought Envision EN-7100e 9 months ago . First time ship me a defected product . The second time ship me a good product but it were broken within 8 month when I only use it around 5 hours per week . The quality is bad .
 This monitor came out of the box with dead pixels . I was able to return it for a new one , which was nice ; but the new one also had three dead pixels within a week of using it , so I returned that one too.I bought the monitor with a -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- mailin rebate offer , but because I had to return the monitor in the original box a few times , the rebate period had expired by the time I got a monitor that did n't have any dead pixels on it.I 'm on my _ THIRD _ monitor , and I have two dead pixels on the screen . The new pixels appeared within a month of opening the box.The lack of tilt n ' swivel control did n't seem to be too much of a sacrifice for the price , but the more I use this monitor , the more I wish I could adjust my viewing angle.The image is significantly darker if you 're lower than center of the screen , which is pretty annoying . You miss a lot of detail in the picture , for example when watching movies with dark scenes -- Usual Suspects and Harry Potter come to mind immediately.Overall I 'm satisfied with the monitor because it was so much cheaper than it 's competition at the time I bought it , but the reasons for the price gap become clear after you 've paid for it and it 's sitting on your desktop.If I had it all over to do again , I would 've skimped and saved an extra few weeks or so at work and bought a ViewSonic .
 The monitor looked great with static pages and images , right out of the box . But , as I 'm a serious gamer as well , I soon realized that I would have to make a return . Games simply do not perform well on this monitor at all . With high-speed games , especially , there was a lot of ghosting of images and just poor all-around quality . If you 're not a gamer , the monitor is great for the price . But if gaming is a big part of your PC experience , look elsewhere . Personally , went back to the big old CRT and , despite the substantial size increase , I 'm glad I did.Oh , and as soon as I saw that annoying dead pixel -LRB- apparently a common problem here -RRB- , I also knew I had to make a return . I had no idea that LCD users were expected to live with dead pixels . That seems a bit ridiculous . So , until LCD technology comes up a bit to accomodate perfectionistic gamers like myself , I could n't recommend this monitor .
 I was very excited to plug in and start using my new flat screen . After spending ocuntless hours convicing my wife that I did need a new flat screen monitor , even though it was smaller than my old monitor ... you get the picture.Text is blurry . I 've tried tweaking the thing . Focus , contrast , brightness , yada-yada . What a disappointment . I do have another TFT LCD High Resolution Color Display to directly compare this to -- on my IBM laptop . There is absolutely no comparison.I am taking this monitor back tomorrow . I bought it at the loacl -LRB- store -RRB- after seeing it here . If you are considering buying one -- especially from Amazon -- I 'd recommend against it . If the quality you experience is anything like what I experienced , you may regret it.Cheers .
 I promised myself that if my old 17 '' CRT monitor died , my next monitor will be a LCD -LRB- flatscreen -RRB- . I looked all over for a reasonably priced 17 '' LCD monitor . Most were in the $ 450 - $ 600 price range which was beyond what I was willing to spend . You can imagine how thrilled I was when I came across the 17 '' Envision EN-7100E monitor on this site . It was highly ranked among the LCD monitor purchases , being # 1 or # 2 on the list . I was even more pleased that it had such a high rating at 4.5 stars . And I was absolutely elated at the unbelievable price.I read the reviews on this site and everyone seemed to be so pleased with the color and picture clarity . However , some people had some gripes about the way the text appeared on the screen . This is one of the reasons why I rated this monitor a 2 . Yes , it 's that bad . I mean , I was disappointed practically as soon as I got it hooked up . The negatives are far worse than the positives.Negatives : - The text is unclear and not sharp . I find that the text is distorted and fuzzy . I have to strain my eyes to read documents on the screen . I tried everything to make the text more clear , including changing the font size , resolution , changing from the standard font style to cleartype , etc. , etc. . Nothing 's worked . I tried various possible solutions that either made the problem worse or had no effect at all . - The color does n't blow my mind . It 's no better than my old CRT monitor and in some situations the color is worse . The colors are not as vivid or crisp as I thought they would be . Some images have a grainy look to them . - The monitor also has an uncomfortable glare that I ca n't seem to reduce even when I lessen the brightness or contrast . - The monitor does not come with a complete manual . Instead you have to go to the company website to read an online manual.Positives : - Great looking sleek design-The screen is really 17 '' . Everyone is familiar with monitors that are supposedly 17 '' but the screen is only 16.5 '' , 16.8 '' , etc.You are not cheated.-I did n't have to do much display positioning when I got the monitor . Sometimes with new monitors you have to do some fiddling around with the horizontal and vertical positioning in order to get the screen to look just right . I did n't have to do any of that.-No dead pixelsLike I said before , I purchased the Envision EN-7100E monitor based on the fantastic reviews and the price but I 'm extremely disapointed . I thought I could live with the negative features but I ca n't . Everytime I look at the screen it hurts my eyes . Either because the glare is too bright or the horrible distortion of the text.I know I 'm in the minority with my opinion on this product but I 'm afraid I ca n't recommend it to anyone.I 'm sending mine back and I will be looking for another LCD monitor or possibly I will go back to a CRT.Unfortunately if I get another LCD monitor , I will have to spend much more but as someone said before in referring to this monitor , you get what you pay for.Getting a monitor better than this one and having to pay more is worth the investment .
 The old maxim holds well here . My employer recently bought a set of these monitors and they have been universally poor performers . In particular , they were all plauged with the ` pixel jitter ' that is so common to low-end LCDs . If a 17 '' panel is something you must have , try a Phillips , a Samsung , or a NEC model . Your eyes are worth the extra cost .
 My first monitor arrived and had two damaged pixels - one stuck on bright green , the other very dark . Amazon was excellent about sending a replacement but unfortunately , it also had a dead pixel -LRB- at least this one was in a better location -RRB- . The delays from return means not only will I miss the rebate period if I try for a third time -LRB- Amazon seemed to direct me towards a refund instead or a replacement -RRB- , but I also missed a great deal/rebate on my second choice for a monitor , so I am back to square one . If you have time to keep returning / testing monitors , this might be a good deal . I feel the purchase has been a waste of my time .
 I bought this thinking it would be an alternative to the belt clip , which people said was flimsy . Basically , the lanyard is just a foam pad with a string attached . You attach the phone using the `` belt clip '' and with the lanyard attached you ca n't fit the phone in the charger . Poor design !!! Buying a lanyard at any dollar store would perform the job equally well .
 I purchased this VCR in December . At first there was just a small amouut of fuzz on screen , but 4 months later , I can not even enjoy a movie . I have cleaned the heads , changed televisions , even used Monster Cables ... the fact is , this is just another flaw design by Panasonic . one other thing , this VCR makes more noise than a blender . You must have your speakers loud to hear over the moan of the vcr , and rewinding will wake the dead . One of the worse buys ever .
 This has to be one of the most poorly designed remote controls I have come across . The most frequently used buttons are so small they are difficult to find and activate , especially the CM Skip -LRB- commercial skip -RRB- . You can not press this twice in succession , but have to wait a few seconds after it stops to start it again . In order to stop a timed recording , you have to hit the power off button -LRB- which does not turn the power off -RRB- and then hit `` stop '' . The `` program '' and `` menu '' keys are also very difficult to find . I made a very poor choice when purchasing this VCR , and if it were possible , I would gladly return it in exchange for anything except another Panasonic .
 ... In just about 3 months after that its zooming lence after a crackling sound jammed , I had it replaced and ... guess what ! ... after about a month I had the very same crackling sound and jam . I changed out it to a less expensive Canon PowerShot A200 camera . It may look ugly , but it works and pictures are great what really counts . Does n't it?If you do n't want to have trouble with cameras , stay away of HP PhotoSmart 812 . Thanks
 this camera works great ... for about 5 minutes . . and the batteries go kaput ... i have tried regular AA batteris ... rechargables ... neither work for longer than a few pictures ... and i am on my SECOND camera ... HP does have pretty good customer service , they sent me a new camera , BUT ... i am having the same problem ... waiting on them to send me some photo lithium batteries to see if it works , if it doesnt i am requesting a full refund ... what a shame ! ... great pics , easy to use , just cant be replacing the batteries every 5 minutes !!
 I purchased this camera after reading all the positive reviews . However , I am having a miserable time with it . The exposure is always delayed by about a second which makes taking action shots nearly impossible . Always blurred . I am even having touble taking still photos without them being blurred . Yes , I read the manual , but there is nothing there to solve my problem . I plan to return the camera tomorrow . May be that I just got a lemon . When I do get lucky and get a good picture , the images are very good but it does n't happen enough to warrant more than one star .
 First , it sucks up the battery real fast , I said well that 's not such a big problem , but after 3.5 months the camera started making this crankling noise and got stuck forever . It 's supose to be the logic card , that 's like the motherboard for a PC . I was reading some of the reviews , and I saw the same problem in some of them . Apparently costumer service is not going to do much for me , so I guess I lost the money . Maybe at the end they 'll loose more than me .
 I bought this camera as a Christmas present for my husband and it worked fine for about six pictures and then it simply quit working ... I am so very sorry I bought this camera . My advice is , if you want to throw away good money and have nothing but trouble , buy this camera . I 'm completely disgusted !
 Un cordial saludo.Les cuento que compre mi c&aacute;mara HP812 en Amazon.com , me funciono regularmente , y ahora resulta que tiene una falla en el lente y pregunto al centro autorizado de soporte HP en mi pa&iacute;s y me indican que si pueden arreglar la camara con un mantenimiento normal , perfecto ! . Sino perder&eacute; mi inversi&oacute;n , por que HP no tiene repuestos para sus c&aacute;maras digitales a nivel mundial . Esto me desconcierta , por que siempre hab&iacute;a confiado en esta marca , tengo muchos productos de ellos , y ahora estoy a punto de perder muchos d&oacute;lares por su culpa.Les recomiendo revisar otras marcas que si tengan un verdadero servicio al cliente , esto no es servicio al cliente , es la comercializaci&oacute;n de c&aacute;maras `` desechables '' , las vas a tener que cambiar tu c&aacute;mara en 1 o 2 a & ntilde ; os . Triste no ? para una inversi&oacute;n de tanto dinero.Saludos , espero que te sirva mi experiencia al momento de tomar tu decisi&oacute;n , ahora me tocar&aacute; comprar mi 3 c&aacute;mara -LRB- las dos anteriores fueron HP -RRB- , pero seguro no ser&aacute; HP .
 I Previously owned the HP Photosmart 320 , a decent 2 MP camera . I am somewhat dissapointed with the Photosmart 812 . Anyone buying the PS 812 should be aware that there is a one to two second delay between the time that the shutter button is fully depressed untill the picture is actually taken . I 've gotten tons of shots of the back of my baby 's head - She 'd turn by the time the camera actually took the picture ! The images taken indoors are slightly off color and faded compared to my other cameras - seems to be the way the flash reflects off objects.The movie mode with sound is decent , and the outdoor pictures are fairly sharp . Even so the camera does n't do that great of a job focusing . as mentioned in the other posts , the 812 is powered by 2 AA batteries , so even two NIMH rechargeables do n't last more than 40 shots or a few minutes f movie mode . HP mentions in the manual that you must conserve the batteries , but many of the other companies out there get 300 to 800 shots on their baterries , so the 812 really cant be considered acceptable . Overall I 'm thiking of switching to a Cannon.The Cannon line of cameras seem to actually take a picture when you click - and they do n't have a 4-5 second delay between shots while the previous picture loads to memory . Plus theres no nedd to chage the batteries every few pictures . HP definitely needs to get their act together .
 I owned a Photosmart 612 for about a year before the motor on the camera went and none of the pictures would not focus . That made what was a mediocre camera turn into a paperweight . Since the 612 is n't sold anymore , my service plan replaced it with an 812 . Three weeks into ownership it too has turned into a paperweight , the flash no longer works.My advice to buy a digital camera from an actual camera manufacturer .
 Well I have this photosmart 812 camera and a C8881a dock . I thought it would be a good combo since it came with two sets of batteries and easy connectivity to my computer . Seems to have nice menu 's and iPhoto recognizes the camera right away . Windows XP brings it right away as well in drive mode.The batteries that came with the camera will not charge . According to HP the camera will not charge if the batteries less than 1.2 v in them . Well of course new batteries out of the box will have less than 1.2 v in them !!! HP says to upgrade the firmware on the camera which will fix this issue , but it still does not work ! Another annoying thing is that you need to reset the date everytime you take the batteries out , or in this case whenever you unhook the camera from the dock since the batteries never charge !
 Battery-eating is 1 problem . But the biggest thing is the quality of the pictures . After I took about 50 pictures , there was even no one satisfied me . It is true that I am not a photographer . But I am not that bad .
 I decided to upgrade from my 1.3 MegaPix Olympus Brio D-150 digital camera . The Olympus was my first digicam and I realized I wanted a camera that took better quality photos . The photo quality of the Olympus left me with a lot to be desired as I compared its photos with other cameras.After reading some reviews and considering the price , I decided the HP 812 would meet my needs for a near pocket-sized , point and shoot , zoom , 4.1 MegaPix digicam . Although I read both positive and negative reviews , I was comfortable with the possibility I may experience some of the minor cons.The camera itself is the perfect size . The features are exactly what I want . The picture quality was n't exactly perfect , but much better than my Olympus . I also bought the accessory kit and the docking station.The first issue I experienced is that , using ordinary alkaline batteries , I could only get about one dozen photos using flash when the batteries died . This camera is very demanding on batteries . Fortunately , HP includes one set of disposable lithium batteries that last longer than alkaline . With the accessory kit , I also received two pairs of rechargeable NiMh batteries and a recharger.My greatest disappointment is that the second day I had this camera , after about twenty pictures taken over two days , the camera stopped working . I turned it on , heard a popping noise , then a grinding noise . The lens would not extract from the camera . Either the lens motor or gear stopped functioning . What a shame . I read some reviews which other people experienced similar problems . I understand that a bad unit can come out of a batch of good units , but with my unit being defective after having read such mixed reviews , I decided to return the camera , not for an exchange for a working unit , but for a refund.I now realize I should simply stick with buying one of the better-reviewed Canon or Sony cameras . It may cost more or I may have to settle for lower MegaPix in order to stay within budget , but the reviews for the Canon and Sony cameras have me convinced they are better quality than this HP 812 . I gave this camera the benefit of the doubt , thinking the cons I read in the reviews would not affect me . It takes good -LRB- not great -RRB- pictures , is small , has good features , and is easy to use . But it also drains batteries too fast and , in my experience , can be defective right out of the box . I do not recommend this camera . There is a reason this is one of the lowest price 4.1 MegPix cameras on the market , and that reason has to do with quality . I will be buying a Canon or Sony now , maybe even another Olympus or Nikon . But unfortunately , I will not buy another HP anytime soon . Thanks for trying HP . It was a fair effort .
 do NOT buy this camera unless you enjoy spending lots and lots of money on batteries ... regular AA batteries last about 5 minutes , rechargables only slightly longer ... i am waiting on Hewlett Packard to send me some photo lithiums to try ... if they dont work any better , i am demanding my money back ! . . of course that doesnt mean i 'll get it back ! ... takes great pictures , easy to use ... just drains batteries quick as a flash ! . . not worth the trouble ... the thing is too expensive for this !!
 I bought this camera about four months ago after reading some good reviews , boy were they wrong ! For the price , the resolution is good , but I expected better . The macrofocus does not work well at all , and I have a hard time getting a picture off indoors . The `` no red-eye '' feature just makes you have `` green-eye '' instead . I would not recommend this camera to anyone . Go buy a Canon instead , stick to those companies that know something about photography .
 The SECOND time I removed the iPAQ from the case the Velcro stuck to the case and would not stick to the iPAQ again . What do you do then ? Without Velcro , the case does not serve its purpose - or the hand held bounces around inside . I have contacted Sumdex , but have not heard from them yet . Velcro is great but ...
 I ca n't recommend this VCR . It can not record in the LP mode . LP delivers a much better picture than the EP mode .
 VERY BAD PRODUCT.DIGUSTING.GEOMETRY IS ALL MESSED UP . I WORK ON 1280 BY 1024 AND MY VERTICAL DISTANCE IS MAXED OUT WITH ATLEAST HALF AN INCH BEFORE THE BORDERS.It always messes up the geometry whenever I restart my computer . I work on GeForce FX 5200 -LRB- 256 MB AGP -RRB- and still this monitor is the most useless product sold in the American markets.I strongly suggest NO ENVISION Monitors.NO WAYNO WAYWasted my money : -LRB- Sigh !!
 DO N'T BUY ENVISION MONITORS !!! Especially this model . I 've had two . The first one , the power went dead . Then a little after the 3 year warranty expired , the screen goes black and the only thing they offered me was a % 15 discount to fix it which costs another $ 100 plus $ 50 shipping costs depending where you are -LRB- i 'm in the same state , California -RRB- . Thanks to all these other reviews , i 'm finding that other people are having similar problems with this company . If I were you , i 'd find a company WHO CARES ABOUT THEIR CUSTOMERS ! STAY AWAY FROM ENVISION ! THERE ARE SO MANY OTHER COMPANY 'S IN THE MARKET RIGHT NOW TO CHOOSE FROM WHO MAKE QUALITY PRODUCTS AND WILL TREAT YOU RIGHT!DON ' T BUY ENVISION!NEVER AGAIN !
 Choosing Sirius was a no-brainer for me and after doing a ton of online research , I decided on the Starmate Replay Sirius receiver , both for price-point and features . -LRB- It 's very similar to the popular Sportster , but about $ 20 cheaper -RRB- I wanted to spend just what I needed to spend knowing that the technology will change quickly over the next 12-24 months and I 'll presumably change equipment with the times.Anyway , the problems I 've run into are as follow :1 . Sound quality in the car is questionable . The sound can be very compressed . Many Sirius stations had static especially on the treble end of the spectrum ... some channels had a slightly clearer broadcast than others . It got to the point that I actually switched back to terrestrial for clarity 's sake ... -LRB- just for about 3 minutes -RRB- I was expecting much more of a consistent quality signal ... but found myself settling on quality for content . I tried tweaking the audio volume of both the receiver and my car receiver to clear up background pops/clicks/static . -LRB- Try muting your satellite receiver and listening to what kind of background noise is accompanying what you 're listening to -RRB- 2 . If you are unlucky , as I apparently am , in-home quality/reliable reception can be tough to achieve , especially if getting onto your roof is not an option -LRB- townhomes/apartments -RRB- , and/or your home stereo is not in a room in your house that is near a window that faces the correct N-S-E-W direction to achieve a clear signal . The antenna can be very fickle and lead to dropouts.I brought the receiver to work and no matter where I stood , even outdoors away from the building , I could not receive any usable signal . One of the main reasons I bought Satellite was for use at work , and now that apparently is not an option . So I 'm very disappointed .3 . On a positive note , the programming is great and sure to continue to improve -LRB- I can only hope that signal reception and broadcast will improve soon as well -RRB- . What I was able to hear in my car was diverse and enjoyable . The display is nice -LRB- not too bright like many complain about ... you can adjust the brightness -RRB- The remote control is also great.My final note is , be ready for the possiblity of disappointment ... it 's not quite what it 's cracked up to be at this point . Do n't hesitate to be ready to return your receiver/subscription if your living environments are n't suitable for an enjoyable experience with satellite radio yet ... even with how bad terrestrial radio can be.Good
 Due to the terrible manufacturing , I am on my third Sirius Starmate radio . The device is manufactured to plug in to the side the satellite receiver wire and the power adapter . Unfortunately , after plugging and unplugged this product a few times -LRB- Moving it from the car , then bringing it in to my home -RRB- the sockets became loose . I 'd have to jiggle it a bit to get the power to work , or for the antenna to `` connect '' and find a signal.This became really annoying because , as the problem got worse and worse , it made the unit practically unusable . I could n't touch the radio physically without it losing power , so I was forced to rely on a rather crappy remote control with a range of about 3 feet -LRB- The remote is powered with a watch battery . -RRB- If I hit a small bump in my car , or stopped quickly , the unit 's cord would jiggle in the loose socket and lose power.I contacted Sirius and they swapped the unit out -LRB- After waiting a few weeks for a new one . -RRB- Then it happened to the replacement unit . Currently , I 'm on my third unit and I am deeply disappointed with the quality . I ca n't recommend Sirius to any of my friends or family , because of their shoddy hardware.It makes me wonder why Sirius does not allow third party manufacturers to produce their units , similar to XM 's Inno?Finally , due to FCC rulings , the newer versions of these units have had their FM transmitters DRAMATICALLY weakened , meaning you will need a car stereo with an aux port or rewire your stereo -LRB- Taking apart the dash -RRB- with a special connection to get audio because interference is too severe to rely on the FM transmitter.Overall , I am a frustrated owner waiting for my 3rd unit to die due to terrible wiring .
 My principal issue with this product is the misleading way it is described as `` for the auto or home '' , when in fact , a separate , expensive and difficult to find , kit is required to use the product in the home . The other problem is the weakness in signal amplification in the auto
 The services themselves are basically identical , and I would really recommend you go for XM for these reasons .1 . Sirius customer support is a pain to deal with . My ` factory direct ' radio was DOA and it too 2 MONTHS to get it replaced through their antiquated RMA system . Even when things were finally worked out , they still dont post any tracking numbers on the order status page , so you have to call them to get it .2 . The radios are bulky and not well designed . This starmate replay in particular doesnt use any sort of docking system , so every time you want to move it to the house/car you have to disconnect the antenna , power , and audio output cable independently .3 . Sirius trys to stick you for additional services , like CD-quality streaming internet radio . It just makes sense to me if someone bought a $ 100 radio and paid for a subscription , they should be entitled to the best services that sirius has to offer . Instead , you have to pay an extra $ 2.99 a month for CD quality streaming radio . Otherwise it sounds like your listening while your in a swimming pool .
 My Starmate is increasingly displaying the `` aquiring signal '' statement . This is not a signal problem but is some kind of internal electronic quality issue . Problem for Sirius owners who sign up for life time membership , is that you are only allowed three changes in equipment . So poor quality equipment like my Starmate becomes a major issue .
 I love the content , but that 's not what I 'm reviewing here.This unit is shoddy and extremely fragile . I 've already had to replace the antenna and the power jack , which both frayed or broke through gentle , normal use . And now , the the power jack is starting to jiggle again , losing power if the radio is moved at all . It 's especially annoying - the power does n't just cut out - the radio takes a moment to come back online and find the signal , so it cuts out for a WHILE .
 I 'm already sick and tired of getting an `` ACQUIRING SIGNAL '' on the screen of my Starmate . I was already dissapointed that I had no choice but to take the antenna out of my window , but even still when I let my antenna hanging outside I still get that annoying `` ACQUIRING SIGNAL '' , and I have no choice but to move the antenna around until I catch the signal again.The programming is great , but I think that SIRIUS better get SERIOUS about improving the quality of their signals . It is definitely not fair that people pay over $ 100 dollars for a receiver , plus the $ 15 of activation fee , and $ 13 a month for weak service .
 The seller -LRB- shivser / tavas -RRB- is dishonest . The description says `` new '' but the product sent me was used . It was very dirty with food crumble stuck under keys , the back of the keyboard was rusted and the cable broken .
 The product arrived overnight as requested , but it is obviously used , not new . There are particles of stuff all in the keys and the `` F '' and `` J '' keys actually show dirt on them - yuck . PLUS , there are two `` O '' keys and no `` I '' key . It types `` I '' but it has an `` O '' on the key . Amazon should really not allow this company to sell its products on their website if they are going to sell them under false pretenses !!!
 Seller was deceptive IMO - said nothing about it being a used keyboard . Had many hairs , dirt/gunk lodged throughout the keyboard . The keyboard functions , but this was for a client , and it needed to look presentable , which , in my opinion , did not .
 I Purchased this keyboard from ZEETRON though Amazon . They state that there keyboard was NEW , which was clearly not by all the dirt and grim in the keys . I had to send three different keyboards back , due to them not fully functioning .
 So far I 've purchased three of these keyboards . One for a personal laptop and two for work . All three came in broken . The first had a key pad missing and a broken part that supported the key . I was able to take a key from my old keyboard and replace it . The second had key pads that were separated in the package . After clicking that key pad back into place I found that the space bar did not seat correctly resulting in the space bar working only partially . The last keyboard came out of the box in three parts , the keyboard , the cable connector and what appears to be a retaining clip . It also appears to be used .
 Item arrived on time as I had paid extra postage to expedite . Item looked new and required some assembly . If you are not familiar with assembling ribbon connectors , then this may be a challenge for you . I had done some work years ago and being computer literate , I studied the item and was able to assemble correctly . It took ma about an hour and the parts are very small and if you do not get it right the first time , then the unit will not work.After connecting the ribbon cable and reinstalling the keyboard , I tested all of the keys `` VERY IMPORTANT TO TEST EACH AND EVERY KEY FULLY '' . So , I just opened a blank page and proceeded to test each key ... upon discovering that the `` V '' and `` B '' keys were not functional . I disconnected the keyboard and de-installed the connector and then reinstalled , thinking that all of the pins were not lined up correctly . I had done this test several times with each resulting in the `` V '' and `` B '' keys not functioning.I returned the unit . It was a waste of time anticipating the arrival of the unit and painstakingly installing , just to finally return the unit . I have yet to purchase another .
 The keyboard in question had black paint around the keys that was chipped and the shiny metal showed through , even when installed . I do n't think that it was new . When installed it stopped working and I have to shut down using the on/off button . Also one of the metal tabs to secure the keyboard to the computer was bent a bit and had to be straightened . You probably can do just as well on e-Bay .
 The keyboard that arrived was clearly used -LRB- it had spots and crumbs on the keys -RRB- . The keyboard was damaged - The rubber assembly over the power switch was ripped off making it impossible to turn the laptop on after the keyboard was installed .
 Received keyboard , but it was the wrong model . Returned unit , but have still not received it . Still waiting on replacement .
 : - -LRB- I received the keyboard about two months ago and installed it right away as my old one lost an `` A '' key and it was bugging me . About a week ago the new keyboard had the `` TAB '' and `` FUNCTION '' keys fall off . after only 7 or 8 weeks and for a new item I was not happy about this . As I 'm working out of the country , it does n't make sense to pay shipping which will amount to the same cost as the keyboard so I just did n't bother pursuing it with the seller .
 It did not work , I but this product because one of my keys did n't workand on this keyboard `` NEW '' the key `` T '' did n't worksow it was money on the drainpay for it $ 20 + shipment
 I ordered 2 keyboards to replace those with missing keys . First keyboard was not packaged well and already had a key loose . When I installed , system thought a key was depressed ; I was unable to determine which key it was . This is being returned . The second keyboard was packaged better , but the metal plate that the keyboard sits on was bent causing one of the keys to not function and causing it to not sit in the laptop correctly . I was able to bend the plate to correct the problem , but this coupled with my first experience did not sit well .
 Bought this as a replacement for a broken keyboard but this was defective . Returned it to seller on January 5 , 2010 but have not received a replacement or a reply from seller . Do not buy from this seller ! Does not respond to e-mail .
 I bought this keyboard as a replacement because my old keyboard was dying , power button wasnt working , neither were the volume buttons , and every single letter didnt work with the exception of the letter P , yes this fixed it , BUT ! it 's DIRTY !! some of the keys randomly stick , theres hairs and food under the keyboard , some of them are pet hairs , and id like to try to clean it out but its too risky destroying any keys or the clips . im pleased , it just couldve been clean atleast .
 This product is hilariously over-priced . I 've owned remote shutters for multiple cameras , and the prices just get sillier and sillier as companies try and squeeze more blood from the people who buy into their ecosystem.This one was the last straw . Go to Ebay and order a cheap , Chinese version for nine bucks . It does all the same things . Screw Panasonic.UPDATE : When I wrote this review , the remote shutter was ~ $ 80 . They 've since dropped the price by $ 25 so it 's no longer insane , but at $ 55 it 's still quite expensive . Canon 's entry-level shutter is less than $ 30 . This is still not worth it .
 someone asked for feedback about the generic remote that fits the FZ50 that can be found on eBay -- well , I ordered one that was made by JJC for $ 20 , plus another $ 20 in s & h ; from a seller in China and though it took 2 weeks to get it -- it works perfectly with my Panasonic Lumix FZ50 digital camera!So if you do n't want to shell out twice the amount of money , and do n't mind a little wait for delivery , go search eBay for the remote !!!
 I bought the unit less than a year ago -LSB- ... -RSB- . Right from the beginning it had trouble recognizing different discs and would seize when switching between CD and DVD-A for example . The video and sonic performance of the unit are excellent when it is working.Today I tried to open the disc tray and it would n't open . I disconnected the power cable to `` reset '' the player as per the manufacturers instructions but I am getting no response . I have a ten year old Sony DVP 7700 that has given me zero problems . The Yamaha is made in China and considering that it is their `` flagship '' player I expected better . Hopefully it is under warranty .
 I had the DVD-2300 unit which preceeded this unit and found the picture and sound quality excellent . Based on this experience I purchased the 2500 without a real review or test drive ... Big mistake . $ 39 DVD players track discs better ... You do have time to make popcorn while the unit attempts to recognize a disc.Picture quality good but not outstanding ... Audio was excellent . Sync problems ... How could Yamaha release a dog like this to the market.Yamaha will never get my money again ... Total junk .
 I just bought Yamaha player for Xmas.It has great sound quality.However , it fails to track some -LRB- not all -RRB- CDs and makes loud noise as laser pick-up is trying to adjust itself.As the other review indicates , this problem is worse at the beginning of discs and improves for later tracks.Have to take it factory service.Disappointed .
 Yamaha touts this as a universal player however it has a very hard time tracking dvd-rs , SACD and other formats . I hope yamaha has worked out the bugs on the newer dvd-s2700 . by the way , my player is back at the repair shop for the 4th time in 3 months . let 's hope Yamaha corrects this situation
 I 've owned a DVD S2500 since July . Sometime within the last two months the audio and video on commercial DVDs have gone out of sync . This is most noticeble at the start of a disk , but seems to improve later . I do n't think that this happened when the player was brand new . I use the HDMI output to a Denon receiver . Looks like I will have to return the player for factory service . I 'd be interested to know if anyone else has experienced this problem .
 In shop many times , takes long time to read disc sometimes wo n't read at all says '' no disc '' finally told me board was bad after warranty was up . Yamaha service sucks
 This bag was recommended for a Sony digital camera -LRB- DSC v-1 -RRB- , but it is not nearly large enough to hold the compact camera plus the extras -LRB- charger , cables and manual -RRB- . I wanted a compact carrying case , but this is too small to be functional . I do not use it at all and will have to purchase something a bit bigger . Not recommended unless you plan on carring just one thing and no supplies .
 I purchased this bag a few weeks ago when it costed $ 15 . I 've not been entirely satisfied with it . My two biggest complaints - i -RRB- too small , ii -RRB- not robust enough for all outdoors.I 've used this bag for Konica Minolta Z5 and Z10 . They are not typical compact cameras , and I found it insufficient to fit either one , plus batter charger + other cords . I did manage to squeeze things in with my Z5 , but the Z10 was too big for this bag to carry much else . Also , this bag is not as well padded and secure as some of the other bags I 've seen.My advice ? Check out your nearest Best Buy or even Walmart . To my dismay , I found camera bags there -LRB- by Lowepro -RRB- that costed about the same , and were much bigger and better padded too . This bag may be a decent pick for compact cameras , but I 'd still recommend checking out bags in the stores I mentioned above.ps
 This bag was obviously designed by a person with no fingernails ! If you have long fingernails at all , you are going to have a miserable time opening this case . The clasp is TIGHT and backward . Poor design . My husband had to open it for me right out of the box.To depress the prongs on both sides of the `` male '' part of the clasp , you need to be able to get your fingertips directly on them . Since the `` female '' part of the clasp is glued directly to the flap of the case , there is no room for your fingernails to go under or past it . The whole clasp should have been positioned off the flap or with the `` male '' part extending past the edge of the flap.My Olympus C-740 Zoom and strap does fit in the bag , along with my Kodak battery charger , batteries , and extra memory card . -LRB- But not my Fujifilm xD card reader . -RRB- For that reason , I would have given a much higher rating . But do n't you want to be able to get to your camera in less than a minute -LRB- or with less pain to your fingers -RRB- when that perfect shot presents itself?I am keeping the case to see if it will `` loosen up '' after a spell , and not require such pressure to depress the prongs . If not , I 'll give it to someone with short nails ...
 This is the case listed as an accessory for the Olympus C-720 . However , the camera does fit in this case .
 This is much bigger than what I wanted for myOlympus C-4000 . It would be OK if I had a lotof accessories to carry , but for just a camera , extra batteries and a smart card , it 's too bigand bulky . The case does appear to be verywell made and should provide more protection than astandard leather case , so if you have a lot tocarry , you may want to consider it .
 this tiny bag 's just okay . it does n't cost a lot so do n't expect much . when you open the bag there 's a junky little velcro divider that you can move around to conform to what you want to put in the bag . i yanked it out because my little HP 812 camera did n't fit too well with the divider in there . the picture on this site made me think the bag was going to be bigger . now that i yanked the velcro divider out of the bag i 'm afraid the little velcro pieces left behind are going to rub on my camera and possibly scratch it . the bag has no decent room for the battery pack or manuals . bottom line is it 's an okay bag that will hold your camera but it 's small . samsonite is a good brand and the bag looks nice but i guess i just expected more .
 The flash works , but only if you only want to take a few shots . I used the best possible batteries in this flash and only got 5 or 6 continuous shots before having to replace the batteries . Not good if you are shooting a wedding or something else where it is important to catch all the action without having to stop and replace the batteries . I returned mine .
 I 'm on my second one now . Both have been very gently treated . The first one was putting bright speckles on all its pictures , so I quickly exchanged it for another one . Thie second one worked fine -LRB- only one bright speckle , always in the same place -RRB- for a few hundred pictures , but now it refuses to erase or reformat its Smartmedia cards . I have three cards , with only a few images on each one at the moment , and the camera will neither erase nor reformat any of them any more . Nor will it take any more pictures on any card -- it squeals and displays `` Card Full ! '' on its LCD . I 've tried different sets of batteries , leaving the batteries out for awhile -LRB- hoping it will reset itself , or something -RRB- , and everything else I can think of . The troubleshooting section of the manual says nothing of this problem . So I do n't know what to do now , except to send the camera back for warranty repairs . The pictures this camera takes are excellent when it works , excluding the little speckles , but I 'm pretty disappointed in it otherwise . For a thousand dollars , it should be more reliable than this .
 While this camera may indeed produce good pictures , I was disappointed from the moment I tried to start it up . It took me 15 minutes -LRB- and I know my way around cameras -RRB- to put the lithium batteries in without breaking the very difficult to use , very plastic , very breakable battery cover with a plastic hinge ! I did not break it on the first day but I was certain that it would break at very short point in the future and that I would be stuck with a high end , expensive camera that would have to repaired -LRB- 4-6 week wait usually -RRB- . Not worth it . Plus I was certain that a better camera would be developed in very short order at a cheaper price .
 The first thing that struck me when I opened the camera box was the cheap quality of the plastic body of the camera and many of its functional components . The camera looks and feels cheap . There is a small motor inside that control the lens . It kept grinding like a McDonald 's give away toy car.The second thing that one notices when tries to shoot a picture is the extremely poor optical quality of the optical viewfinder . I have seen better quality optical viewfinders in disposable film cameras . The Olympus spents quite a lot of effort to warn the buyer that the optical viewfinder is misaligned with respect to the actual picture taken but makes no mention of the optical quality problems.Reading the camera manual the new buyer will be `` thriled '' to learn directly from OLYMPUS that the camera TFT screen and the the LCD displays have `` limited life '' . The note in the manual further warns the buyer to expect that the screen will eventualy start flickering and getting darker . So if your camera starts flickering after the warranty runs out be prepared for an expensive repair bill . It would have been nice if Olympus had put a longer lasting screen instead of warning of the shody quality of the components on the last pages of the operator 's manual.If you plan to use this camera for more than a week in a field environment buy another camera . The operating specification limits in the manual specify operating and storing condition of the camera to 90 % humidity . -LRB- Most other electronics specify 98 % non condensing limits -RRB- So dont plan to take any picture on a hot humid summer in this continent.Overall I have to give this camera one star as Amazon does not allow dark holes in its rating system .
 I purchased this camera as a gift for my husband and have n't successfully made and downloaded any pics in the 2 years we 've owned it . We did not receive responsive product support , could n't integrate it with our pc and spent money on flash cards to no avail . Simply , without product support this has been a little silver dustcatcher . I 've used the Sony Mavica FD-something or other and despite the substantial cost difference , it has been the better bargain due to capacity , versatility and price of floppies cf. to flash cards . A disappointing experience from a company which was once found to be excellent .
 This camera may have the HP label , but it certainly does not adhere to their usual quality consumer device . The camera is very slow with a poor quality LCD screen . The user interface is not intuitive and can be quite confusing . Button placement is questionable , with the capture video button directly next to the shutter button . Too easily the shot or video can be missed . Image quality is a joke . The images produce far too much noise and color representation looks to ` cartoonlike ' and unnatural . This camera produce images that may be able to compete with a sub-par VGA camera . The sensor in the camera is the problem . I would search hard to find out what company 's sensor is in the camera and make sure I NEVER buy a camera with their sensor inside.My recommendation is to save your money and buy another brand of camera . Do your homework .
 Bought this camera in about 3 months ago for around $ 5o ; I guess the pictures are okay especially when there 's adequate lighting -LRB- such as outdoors -RRB- . The flash totally washes the pictures out -LRB- would n't recommend using unless it was really dark -RRB- . LCD screen is small but it works . Unfortunately the camera is already defective - it only turns on half the time even with new batteries , but what do you expect for $ 5o .
 Even though it is now 2011 and can look back almost a decade since I bought this turkey I can say with all truth that Kodak 's line of digital cameras of the same era were superior and in the same price range . The HP did `` OK '' in well-lit outdoor scenes but lost its legs indoors . The flash was both too bright up-close and inneffective far-away . The auto settings obviously were limited by the early sensing technology , at least the technology in a $ 50 buck camera . I got used to covering the flash with a finger of tape , partially obscuring it to avoid washout on close-ups indoors . The LCD began to malfunction , making the camera useless . It lasted about a year . Grainy or , I should say `` pixelated '' photos were the norm with lots of noise unless outside . It was HP 's bottom-of-the-line . They should be avoided at-all-cost since ANY new device that takes digital photos is likely to be of higher-quality . Even at the used price , better can be found for the same money . Or your cell-phone . A relic now , a bad design , then . To those of you who tookthe most important or best photos of your life with this puppy , I understand , just remember that it is the picture , the image saved for all-time that matters , the camera is the tool . As long as it works , that is 85 % of the battle so better to have this than an audio recorder and pen and paper . If this thing had lasted I would have considered that but it gave up the ghost quickly ... after the warranty went out ... I 'm glad HP is n't ripping off the masses with bad cameras anymore .
 Too many cons , so few pros :1 -RRB- Very slow `` bootup `` 2 -RRB- You can not take photos from a moving car . It complains that that image has to stabilize . -LRB- I want to take a picture when Iam ready , not when the camera thinks Iam ready -RRB- 3 -RRB- No lens cover4 -RRB- Lastly , and most importantly , HP is now charging for their drivers . The only company which charges ... for the driver , in case you lose the CD which comes with the camera !! I think this is outrageous . I can only hope other companies dont follow this example.Trust me , you can find a better product for the same price .
 the spine design , the case only naturally wants to open about as far as is shown in the picture of the case ... It * will * open further if you apply pressure to the front and back covers , but that is a very awkward and annoying operation to have to perform while also trying to carefully insert or remove a CD.It 's unfortunate , because the construction of the cdProjects case and the CD sleeves are otherwise excellent . But Case Logic cases are also very nice , and they lay flat when open , which makes searching for and inserting/removing CDs much easier.I 'll be sticking with Case Logic in the future .
 the earpiece is a bit loose , for the price I figured it would be more secure . Overall , it is a good product
 poor products -LSB- cases scratch CDs ! -RSB- , disrespectful customer service . not worth the money .
 I purchased this camera in December of 2005 . I started using it in Janary of 2006 . It started looking very strange -LRB- the camera image on the live video -RRB- by April of 2006 looked very poor.Details
 This camara is a garbage . I bought one and thought it was malfunctioning . I asked for other and found out that that 's the way it is . The pictures are very bad , they are useless . Only the web cam works but its resolution is very very bad . I have n't bother to check its video recording capabilities because I suppose it wo n't be to my expectation . What bothers me the most is that the PC-cam center software that it brings has two sample pictures that have very good resolution . So it swindles to to think that you can take pictures like those using this camara when in fact you ca n't . I think Creative is taking us as fools including these pictures . I will never buy any product from this company .
 These radios do not actually have 38 sub codes , clip fell off while in use , did not work after lying in suitcase . Not worth money .
 The radio is compact but it does not have 2-mile range . It is about only one mile range . And the channels have interferences with other radios .
 I purchased this 2-way radio to use in my office . I need the 38 CTCSS subcodes per channel , since we are near a highway and frequently get interference from other users . Though Amazon.com indicated this unit had this capability , it did not . I now must go to the trouble of returning it . I would not have ordered this 2-way radio if representation of this product 's features were correct .
 I think that says it all . These broke and started picking up every noise except the one you were trying to hear . I 'd spend a little more for Motorola and get the supplementary rechargeable batteries with it . It 'll be cheaper in the long run .
 I did n't even consider buying it simply because it can not play CD-R . Audio experts agree that a DVD player plays CD better or at least as good as a CD player -LRB- due to it 's ability to handle more complex data on a DVD -RRB- . So a DVD is a great CD player also . However , the panasonic -LRB- Toshiba 1600 too -RRB- does not play music on a CD-R disk . My friend and I have dozens music CD-Rs that we burned from each others ' CD collections . With many people burning music CDs these day , this is a bad omission . Also the inclusion of subwoofer jack is useless . Subwoofer should be connected to a receiver . If you connect a subwoofer to DVD player , then the subwoofer can not be connected to other sources like CD player , VCR , etc. . It 's just stupid to include all these useless features . A good DVD player should have great audio/video performance AND simple .
 I do n't know if it 's common with this model or if I just got a bad one . In either case , I returned mine today . On several different movies , the picture and sound would just start to break up . I had it for a week or two . At first , I thought it was the movie - but it continued to happen too many times . I also have an older Panasonic A210 which does n't have this problem -LRB- on the same movies -RRB- . I 'll most likely buy a different one from Amazon.com . They 've always offered great service and were very helpful in providing me information to return this item . They even sent the UPS label out to me , pre-paid for the return .
 The player plays only plays DVDs and CDs.NO CDR , NO CDRW , NO MP3 . Purports to play VCD , but this is pointless since it ca n't play CDR.Most frustrating part of this unit is the time lag between power on and tray opening . Should take one second , but wastes about ten.Remote control is poorly designed and you 'll be forced to turn on the lights to find any button . Multiple angle DVDs are very frustrating to use . Changing angles requires more than one button push.My Apex cost half as much and has many more features .
 This DVD player ocassionally freezes in the middle of playing some movies . The only way I have been able to get it to continue to play the movie is to skip to the next chapter . 2 movies that I can think of that this player has problems with are Gladiator and The Princess Bride . Both these movies play flawlessley on my other DVD player which is 2 years older and by another manufacturer .
 Our IT vendor ordered this for me 3 years ago -LRB- yes , the camera has been out that long ... makes you think , does n't it -RRB- when I told him I did n't know anything , but I needed a digital camera in a hurry.Having been new to the world of digital cameras at the time , I was easily impressed when I opened the package . They advertise the camera as being Mac compatible via a serial port.Well , Macs have n't shipped with serial ports for YEARS . Why not USB ?! I had to buy a -LSB- price -RSB- adapter by Belkin -LRB- about the only one in existance that would connect this camera to my G3 at the time -RRB- . The images download SLOOOOOOOW via a serial port . USB is a much faster architecture . Of course , firewire is 100 times faster than USB , but since Windows has n't caught up to the technical advances of Mac yet , USB would have been sufficient for a cross-platform market.When you 're using Olympus 's proprietary software to download the images from your camera , you ca n't do anything else ... it does not function in the background . Very sloppy programming ... no need for such a simple process to take up so much of the system heap.The camera uses 4 -LRB- four -RRB- AA batteries , which add to the weight of the camera significantly . If you use the LED screen in the back of the camera , prepare to carry an additional 12 AA batteries with you for a day-long shoot , because you 're going to be changing batteries at least 3 times in order to shoot a single day on a vacation ... this camera eats batteries for breakfast.This also applies if you use the flash . There is very little warning that the batteries are low ... when there is almost no juice left , a pitiful battery icon will flash briefly in the view finder and then that 's it . This camera does not use rechargable batteries ... About 8 months after owning this camera , I started noticing a delay in response time . I 'd click on the shutter release and a full second and a half would pass before the picture would be taken . This is too much of a delay ! The picture should take immediately ... just like it does on a 1955 Brownie Hawkeye . If I 'm trying to shoot an action shot or an animal or a child , every split second matters ... when I click , the picture should be taken immediately , not a week later . Fresh batteries do n't make a difference in the delay.The camera does take some half-way decent 640x480 JPEG shots , but the camera is slow in writing them to disk , which means you ca n't take the photos quickly in succession . You also ca n't delete a bad shot on the camera , so even if a shot is awful , you 're stuck with it until you load the disk into the computer to delete the shot ... which means you have to wait for the ENTIRE roll of shots to load into the program and download in order to even delete them.There are some great bargains to be had in the computer world ... . This is not the case with digital cameras . You truly get what you pay for . After being exposed to some very nice digital still cameras and digital camcorders , I can confidently say that this little Olympus is one of the worst I 've ever used , and should definitely be a last choice for anyone using a Macintosh .
 If there were truth in labeling , this camera would have a warning label
 Let me just say the only reason the Olympus D-360l digital camera gets even two stars out of me is for picture quality at this price range . I will say that for the six months I had it some of the picutures I have are O.K. for what the camera is . Ok enough mild mannered praise , let the bashing begin!This cameras LCD display never did work right from day one , it would do what it wanted , working some days and some days not . The lack of USB interface is so outdated and slow its just a shame . Never could take more than ten picutres with it before the batteries would die . The LCD display , when it did work was nearly imposible for the novice user to understand . This Camera is just a plain old waste of your hard earned money , but a Kodak DC 280 zoom instead , its only a few more bills , and its soooo much more camera . Avoid the D-360L like the plauge though .
 This camera fell apart after only a week . And it was only used twice and far from abused .
 I ca n't give many stars to a product that has been returned to the manufacturer . I have n't received a replacement yet . If the replacement works as well as what other reviewers say , I will happily return here and upgrade my review . Until then , a single star will suffice .
 I bought this for a friend , and so far it 's had to go back twice , both for recurring problems -LRB- the rear display screen goes dead -RRB- and new problems -LRB- blue line that appears embedded in photos -RRB- . It 's a great little camera when it 's working . the shots are good and clear , it 's easy to use , and the price is right . But I 'm shopping for myself now and would n't buy this camera again .
 This camera has a very log shutter lag -LRB- meaning it takes several seconds from the time you press the button until when the actual picture is taken -RRB- . Within 6 months of purchase , it suddenly stopped working . After getting it repaired from this still mysterious malady , it never took as good of pictures . My second D-360L exhibited the same weird shutdown withing 2 months of purchase . I would never recommend this as a purchase !!
 I had great success with the camera for several months . I would have given it 5 stars . It made it though two vacations and took wonderful pictures . It was very easy to use.After downloading the last set of photos to my computer , the shutter release just stopped working . Customer service said it was batteries and sent me to -LRB- a store -RRB- to get a special set with a special charger ... 12.8 hours later -LRB- have to charge the batteries myself -RRB- the camera still does not work.Called csutomer service again -LRB- 28 minutes on hold before I talked to someone -RRB- . They lost my records in their new system , they said the last guy I talked to was a moron and I did not need the new batteries and that I need to send the camera in because it simply broken.I was unhappy with the expertise of customer service and am dissappointed to have the camera stop working from one second to the next after only 4 months .
 This camera is very good but in the last few days a yellow lineapeared in almost every picture . You can see this in ... my web pagephotos . I am writting now a complain letter to the Olympus company asking for a new camera or a total refund .
 I am still waiting for their adaptor so I can download the pictures I took in July ! It has been 3 months now . They said it was mac compatible but failed to say you needed an adaptor which they send you for free . They fail to mention it will take months before you can receive it . Also it EATS batteries . I am very very unhappy .
 When I got the unit , it immediately had a shutter release button problem . I had to press it severeal times before I could take a shot . Sometimes it works and most often than not it does n't . I was hoping for a better quality from this camera based on its review but got the worst instead . I also noticed that the label says that it 's made in Indonesia , I thought it was made from US .
 beside from its 2-way image output , and its easy-to-use features ; this camera has to be my worst investment ever ! first of all , this camera takes really really crappy pictures under the dark ! my $ 40 digital web cam can take ever better pictures than this $ 300 under dark ! secondly , it 's slow ! it takes a whole second for it to store to the smart media . and get this
 This was junk . There was no way to attach it to a visor -LRB- as depicted in the photo on the package -RRB- . No straps , velcro , or pocket to slide onto the visor .
 I was very happy with my HP 850 and its charger base until about two weeks ago . The problem started when my camera would not go on , when I turned the on switch the only thing that would happen was the memory card light would flash about five times . After some time trying to get through to teck support I was told by them that batteries were causing the problem . It seems very silly to me since they were the ones supplied with the charge base . but sure enough when I changed the batteries the camera worked fine . this is the only problem I have had with the camera or the charge base in the six months I have had the camera .
 Camera does n't fit on the dock as specified -LRB- HP 850 -RRB- . Supplier agreed for return , but cost of returning is too hight and already spent money for something that does n't work , so I scrap it . For other customers , please inquire for fiting before purchasing .
 Despite the Manufacturer 's statement that this dock works with the HP Photosmart 612 Digital Camera it flat out does not . I recently checked out the dock -LRB- having not had an opportunity since purchasing it several months ago -RRB- and no where/no how does it work with the HP Photosmart Camera Dock 8881 ... I went to the HP website to be sure and per the HP website , the 612 is NOT on the list of compatible cameras for the 8881 dock . Unfortunately , and lesson to be learned , I TRUSTED what I read on the Amazon page advertising this dock and purchased it as such . Now I am out quite a few bucks and it is probably too late to return it to Amazon -LRB- since do n't have the packaging now , and the time frame of which it was purchased ... . Warning
 The CD pouch is just fine , the only problem was that the company that created them forgot to put at least $ 20 into R&D to figure out the velcro straps need to be long enough to wrap around a visor . Nice try though . Now my CD 's are back on the seat ... I went down to the local electronics store and picked one out for about the same price , only it fits great on the visor .
 I 'm a faithful Garmin user and own 7 of there different products and hope they do n't make any more like this one . It glitches on me all the time and I ca n't trust it to get me out of my harbor . Stay away from it as I bought 2 of them and they both do the same thing .
 The camera captures very good quality images but there a few things that make it 's use cumbersome . First , it takes a fairly long time to warm up -LRB- perhaps a minute or more -RRB- . This makes capturing those special and fleeting moments difficult . By the time the camera is ready to photo our 18-month daughter has moved on ... Second , the ability to alternate between viewing photos and taking new ones is slow and unwieldy . In order to view pictures you 've already taken , you need to close the lens cover . This is slow because the zoom needs to retract . Similarly , to switch to photo mode from viewing mode , the camera needs to be reopened . Finally , the ability to delete picturs is also quirky . You need to switch to viewing mode to delete and it take a few steps . All of these features make the use of the camera really slow and annoying . I wish I had better things to say but I would n't recommend this camera .
 Purchased a new olympus d460 camera for xmas present . Worked good for about 30 days , then the zoom lens stopped and the motor kept running . Could not turn off so had to remove batteries and sent in for repair which will be -LSB- price -RSB- . While the camera was in for repair we bought a refurbished olympus d460 as a backup since we had all the extras . We got 20 min 's of use out of that camera when it went compleatly dead , so here we are with 2 camers both of which are in for repair . In my opinion Olympus has a real problem with their zoom lens or else we were extreamly unlucky
 After reading many customer reviews -LRB- mostly 4 stars and better -RRB- and researching dozens of other cameras , I ordered the D460 , convinced I had made the best decision for the dollars spent . I 've had it for about an hour and it is back in the box ready to send back . The second time I lifted the flash attachment , a small steel ball bearing fell out and the attachment would not lock into place , nor would the flash function when I attempted to test it . The flash is like something you find on a toy camera ! As to the camera 's other features , I can offer no opinion . I did n't get that far !
 Many reviewers have commented on the inconvenience of the flash unit on the Olympus D460 , requiring that you manually open it for flash pictures . It is also prone to breaking.On the second day I had this camera , the flash unit broke . A small ball bearing that holds the flash upright popped out of the unit . And when this cheap , poorly designed unit becomes inoperable , Olympus does not cover it under warranty . It claims you have mishandled the camera and charges you over $ 100 to repair it .
 brought the d460 to replace a 35mm camera . By the time I figured out how to use it properly , I was steadily getting very dissapointed with the digital zoom . When you are in an auditorium , taking pictures of your children performing , you can not get a good close-up . Picture quality is great as long as you are taking stills , scenary , and no action . I 've had it for about 3 years and I 'm making a better choice next time .
 Nice , easy to use . BUT you will never be able to find replacement batteries -LRB- lithium -RRB- . I had to call Olympus direct . They want $ 13.95 each BUT almost $ 8 for S&H !! If I knew this , I never would have bought the camera . Do n't make the same mistake !
 While the camera is performing great ! There were some accessories that did not work with the camera . I tried repeatedly to contact Olympus and received the runaround on numerous occasions . I will not buy an Olympus product again . Customer service and support is the focal point of any good business . The marketers at Olympus obviously missed that day of instruction when they were going through customer support training .
 I purchased this camera about one year ago , and already am having problems with it . First , it wo n't take any photos in very bright light -- the photos come out horribly bleached out and grainy . So , that means no outdoor photos at all . It used to take wonderful close up shots , indoors only , with the flash , but now , on the closest settings , they are blurry . I have tried repeatedly to get Olympus to stand behind their camera and repair it , they refuse , it is almost impossible to get ANY kind of response from their Customer Service people , if you do n't believe me , check out other websites where complaints against Olympus are rampant.Save your money and get a camera with a good company name and customer service department behind it .
 When you buy a Nexus it comes with a Home Dock , if anything spend your money on a car kit . If you have lost your Nexus it is still cheaper to buy a new one .
 Like the other reviewers that had problems with these discs , I have had good luck with Verbatim in the past but , not with these . More than 50 % of the discs were defective . If you want to make printable DVDs that are only going to be used for coasters or Christmas ornaments then these are a good bet . It must be something with the manufacturing facility in Taiwan ... . never had this many bad discs in a single spindle . Avoid .
 Purchased these because the label is blank/white . Unfortunately every disc I 've burned from this spindle has run into playback errors on multiple DVD players . This never happened with my prior blank DVDs . I read some reviews talking about bad discs floating out there . I must have gotten one of the bad batches -LRB- aka coasters -RRB- .
 I fell for it again - I thought maybe if I got Taiwan instead of India made , the quality might be better - but it seems that all Verbatim products are no longer what they used to be from a few years ago.Burns below rated speed , with pauses and many errors . I highly doubt they are even using AZO dye anymore , they 'd have to prove it to me to believe it - it 's a completely different product.Stop buying Verbatim . I know I 'm done with with them wasting my time and money .
 So with all these five star ratings , I 'm not sure If i got a bad batch or what , but the DVD 's only had 4.3 not 4.7 GB .
 I have purchased Verbatim discs from Sam 's club for years . They recently changed to Memorex wwhich have a long reputation as junk . I tried them and they lived down to their rep. I ordered several 50 paks of these Verbatims from Amazon . It was a big mistake . They are from Taiwan , not Japan or Singapore . I have tried four discs and three have been coasters . They record and finalize as you would expect , but freeze up on playback . They should be avoided . I suspect that Verbatim has now farmed production of them out to some inferior manufacturer and this is the result . Over the years the only disc I have found to be consistantly top of the line is TYuden from Japan . They have to be purchased mail order and they cost alittle more , at about 50 cents each , but are worth it . Avoid the heartache and wasted titme of bad discs .
 I bought the Verbatim disks based on the `` 5-star '' rating and positive recommendations . Of the first 4 disks I burned , 3 were unreadable . Caveat emptor .
 These disks have caused me many DAYS worth of nightmares . Every single one of these disks I have burned have turned in to coasters . I un/re-installed applications and even replaced my DVD burner before figuring out that these disks are the problem . I have had good luck with Verbatim in the past but these disks SUCK . Will probably never buy Verbatim again .
 First off , the connector kept popping out in my bag and turning the thing on which then burned through the batteries.But I ca n't get it to work now even with a battery . I think it 's of low quality and breaks easily.Not for me .
 This is the second plasma I have owned . Do not buy this plasma . it is a great size . But the picture quality from dvd and digital cable was really poor black looks poor -- artifacting The hum from this plasma is so loud that it can be heared over even med volume . It is the worst plasma i have seen to date .
 I like the way this product saves space , because I travel frequently and have to carry everything in my laptop case . I used the cable for connecting my laptop to my cell phone . I 've owned two of these cables . The first one worked for about six months and the stopped working . I chalked that up to bad luck and purchased another one because I was overall pleased with the cable . The second one never worked . Data transfer did not work , and the cable would not retract.In the end , I purchased a regular USB cable which works great , but is not as compact as this product.I can not recommend this product .
 Do n't buy this camera . If your budget is limited , buy a point-and-shoot . The modern ones have nearly the same high-ISO performance . Or save for a 20D or better.Reasons to buy this camera : * It 's cheap . $ 100 used . * It has fine image quality from ISO 100 to ISO 400 , capable of prints up to 20 `` x30 '' * It has a good grip * It 's an EOS DSLR , so you can use Canon 's lenses and accessoriesReasons not to buy this camera : * Vastly superior cameras -LRB- e.g. , 20D -RRB- are available for not much more * Automatic AF point selection is slow and does n't work in low light * Automatic flash exposure is terrible * The screen is small , low-resolution , and not color accurate * The interface is antiquated and difficult to navigate * It 's missing a lot of useful features like mirror lockup * It 's a godawful slow body for continuous shooting or for raw * It has a lot of shutter lag * It 's not capable of motion tracking with any consistency * It 's slow in general for picture review , card formatting , and so on * It 's not water resistant in any way ; repair costs for water damage are over $ 200 * The kit lens is garbage below f/8The only reason I 'd buy this body would be to digitize slides , or for some other project that did n't require actually using it as a camera .
 This is without a doubt the worst fish/depth finder I have ever owned . The depth gage changes so slow , you can go from 100 ' to 1 ' and be agroundand it will still be at 100 ' . If you fish in three feet of water for ten minutes and than move out to four feet , you actually have to shut the unit off and turn it back on for it to change depths . I 'm sure I 've had it to long to return -LRB- two months -RRB- but I ca n't wait to replace it . SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY SOMETHING ELSE .
 Got one of these a couple of weeks ago . Firstly I 've found the fish-finding less than impressive , though this is my first fishfinder , so was n't sure what to expect and I imagine it 's as good as others in that respect.My main gripe with the fish-finding is it gives you no direction as to where the fish are . Behind you , in front , to the left of the boat , the right . . ? No idea , just ` There 's fish around here , somewhere . ` My BIG concern however is that the unit frequently freezes up.I primarily use it as a depth finder , as there are many shallow areas around the coast here and on the river to it . At the wrong time of day you can easily get stuck in certain places , so was really looking forward to getting this.Generally it works but I relied on it while exploring further up the coast than we normally go . `` 41 feet ... 41 feet ... 41 feet . . `` We ploughed into sandy mud in water less than four feet , not forty one.Yes , we had a chart , yes I knew there was a shallow area nearby ; that 's why I kept checking the depth to ensure we did n't get too near it , without taking a much longer route.Happily I was able to immediately turn on full lock while raising the engine , tilting the boat over and lifting the engine at the same time , and we managed to claw our way off . Had we been stuck we would have been really stuck , 2 miles offshore , with the boat tipping over as the tide receded - before coming back.In inaccurate map is worse than useless - and an inaccurate depth finder is dangerous.I 've given it only one star , with an extra one because the screen is great and it 's simple to operate . The instability of the software however is a serious concern.Since that incident it has done the same thing twice more , freezing up . Turning it off and back on fixes it - but be aware it takes around 30 seconds to start up and figure out the depth again.Overall I 'd say it 's better than nothing but do NOT rely on it to give continous depth readings .
 It does work however it is not stable when voltage drops below 12 volts . My Hummingbird still operates properly when the Garmin had given up the ghost . It also does very poorly in heavy weeds and can not manage any cavitation at speed where it renders massive quantities of noise artifact . Also , it is very slow to restore a usable screen image when mounted on the bow trolling motor and put back in the water at a new fishing spot . It is not useless but I think that I selected a subpar performer for a demanding job . If you planned to use this for saltwater fishing it might be completely adequate however it will not show a thermocline or even consistent bottom composition rendering . I suspect that the fish ID is useless as well so that might be better off disabled . Despite a clear display even in bright sunlight , this is a not much of a performer .
 Think twice before purchasing this Docking station for your satellite radio . I am convinced that there could be something wrong with most antennas that come with the unit . When I received mine and hooked it up , I encountered a problem with getting reception . I was not sure if there was a problem with the unit at first , or if it was because it was quite cloudy that day in Southern California . I realized that the problem was the antenna because when I hooked the antenna I currently used with my home stereo system , it worked great . I called the seller and politely asked if they could replace the bad antenna and I was told that I needed to return the entire unit and that I needed to pay the shipping expenses for the return -LRB- $ 8.99 for UPS Ground -RRB- . This made me quite upset being that not only did I receive a bad antenna , but now I also had to pay for shipping expenses to get a replacement . I shipped it back and two weeks later I received the replacement . Unfortunately the replacement unit also had a problem with the antenna . I found the solution to my problem by going to a local electronics store -LRB- Fry 's Electronics -RRB- and purchased a home kit for the Roady XT that was only $ 9.99 . I kept the antenna and threw away the rest of the kit . My docking station now gets excellent reception in my office and I can now move on . Please be aware that you may encounter a bad unit and will probably incur more expenses in order to end up with a good docking station .
 I bought this cartridge , and it was 80 % empty . My fax machine started showing low ink after receiving 20 page in 1 week , after I installed this new cartridge . I will not recommend this brand at all .
 Got this for Christmas . I agree with another person that it has a fairly steep learning curve.My main problem is that it does n't pick up a satellite when I turn it on . Everytime I get in my carI have to go to the section that searches for a GPS Satellite . It always finds it and then it works.I have clicked on `` Set GPS '' & `` Automatic reconnect '' but it still does n't connect.Also find their support pretty bad . Very hard to get any kind of answer from them .
 I bought this crappy system about 6 months ago . The battery died and would not charge . Customer service was non-existent . They sent me to a website that sent me to another website and I still could not find a replacement battery for this system . Save your money , do not buy this piece of garbage . The device is mediocre and will not last . Spend a little more and buy from a real company .
 Lost all data , several tries for tech support , no answer at all.Trust me stay away .
 This is USR Faxmodem Lite . For my applications , which is steady faxing throughout the day , it works poorly . It will lock up after a short period , and then all faxing comes to an end -LRB- I have 4 fax modems attached -RRB- . The only fix is a system reboot.I understand this could be a driver issue with Windows 2000 Server , but regardless , it does n't work in a business setting .
 The sound on the unit is very good . You can recharge rechargeable batteries while in the unit . Only one inch thick . These are things that earn the CD player two stars.The quality/durability of this Coby CD player is horrid ! It only lasted a few months , just like the earlier review . It also skipped all the time , meaning the skip-protection barely worked at all , and it 's the stupid meter protection , the one where you have to wait for your skip-protection , which in reality is n't TRUE SKIP-PROTECTION . There are a few features , but for $ 30 , a CD player that lasts a few months is n't worth that . Do n't buy .
 Purchased Christmas 2004 ... as of 5/25/2005 - dead . . defunct ... not even pining for the Norwegian Fjords ... dead as a parrot . And I am disgusted
 I so wanted this product to work and started with the most basic of functions . I connected my Sony DV camcorder via firewire to the back of the DVDirect Recorder , confirmed the input , put in a DVD-R , and after the unit verified the disc I pushed play on the camcorder and record on the DVD Recorder . The DVDirect unit went into `` Pause '' mode 10 times before my eight minute DV test completed . Each time I would have to manually push play on the camcorder to get it to start recording again . I used the same mini DV tape through my computer direct to a DVD-R without a problem . I am returning the product tomorrow . Sony tech support is never a real option .
 Any video recorded via the DVD-Direct firewire connection in Standalone mode does not work for me . I get unstable video when I playback the same on my DVD Player , laptop and PS2 . Camcorders used were SONY DCR-TRV530 and Panasonic AG-DVC30P . Video fed thru DVD-Direct -LRB- standalone -RRB- S-video and composite inputs works fine on the same DVD+RW discs . Also works fine with the included NERO software . But the major advantage this model was supposed to have over others was the standalone firewire input . And that has failed for me .
 A true `` Coaster Maker '' . I bought this unit to have a simple stand alone solution to make DVD 's from Analog sources.Used media from Sony , Maxcell , Verbatim and Fuji - got one useable DVD on a Fuji Double level -LRB- $ 7 each -RRB- . Called Sony 3x they say it is my VCR 's . I hooked up the VC20 drive to my computer and downloaded the firmware update -LRB- Ver . 4 -RRB- Still nothing but coasters called Sony and they again said it was my VCR -LRB- Sony , Panasonic , Apex -RRB- I then tried a different tact - I left the Sony VC20 hooked up to my computer and used WIN-DVD Creator 2 to burn the disk and guess what - ALL the disks Sony , Maxcell , Verbatim and Fuji all play on ALL of 3 of my VCR 's ! I do not think that the CODEC / Firmware in the Sony when operating in the `` Stand alone mode '' can correctly format & correctly finalize a DVD disk in an Industry standard format.Sony - get your act together !
 Good if works . In average , 1 out of 5 DVD is OK -LRB- I am writing this after about 6 month experience -RRB- . Sometimes does n't finalize , someties produces DVD that locks in the middle of playing , sometimes locks during finalization process what makes it a challenge to stop and remove DVD . Yes , I am using the most expensive Belkin cable with gold plated connectors and most expensive Sony DVD-R . Uisng digital link to Canon ZR300 . Next product from Sony that confirms the fall of this once great manufacturer .
 recorded several DVD 's . -LRB- My own footage -RRB- Purpose was to later rip them to the Computer -LRB- Yade , MactheRipper etc. -RRB- None work properly.Almost seems as the unit writes something onto the DVD 's that prevent ripping.Hence
 I ordered this item from warehouse_deals through amazon.com on February 28 2006 , come the twenty fourth of March it still was not here . I asked amazon where my order was and instead of helping me aquire the desired result . They just gave me back my money and forgot it . Needless to say I am more than dissatisfied .
 I purchased it as a solution to recordong my video tapes onto DVD 's . However , out of a bundle pack of DVDs , at least 30 % have `` FINALIZE ERROR '' . I figured out and there are some compatibility problems . If you are thinking on purchasing this unit , please make sure you have that list , and you know for sure that not every DVD recordable media is compatible with this unit . As a matter of fact , just a few brands . Hopefully SONY should release a better unit sometime soon ...
 This product was obviouly released long before they had the bugs worked out . The product can create a viewable DVD about half the time . The other half of the time the recording just stops for no apparent reason , the DVD produced just hangs , or the DVD has unrecoverable loops in the video . Support from Sony is non-existent . The video capture features do not work right out of the box . The included Nero software was apparently never tested with the Sony VRD-VC20 . It crashes and hangs with almost every use . Even after downloading the many , many , fixes required to get the video capture software to even recognize the Sony VRD-VC20 , the Nero SW just hangs or crashes without warning . Even if you can get it to work for a couple minutes , it complains that the video you are attempting to record is `` copy-protected '' . It seems to do this regardless of the video source . It tells me my wedding video and home movies are `` copy-protected '' . It tells me that my TV signal is `` copy-protected . `` Support for the Nero software is as bad as the non-existent support from Sony . The latest e-mail from Nero tells me that I should only be using their software with a `` supported video capture card . '' Apparently Sony is shipping their VRD-VC20 with Nero even though Nero does not support their product ! It shows.I 've wasted an enormous amount of time trying to get this faulty product and its buggy SW to work . I 've also produced about 15 `` coasters '' , DVDs that are simply unuseable.It seems the only thing that the Sony VRD-VC20 can do correctly and consistently is to be a DVD burner for data . If you want a DVD burner for backing up data , this will work , but there are a whole lot of other much less expensive DVD burners that will do that too.I would not recommend this product or the Nero software to anyone . If you are foolish enough to get one of these , please make sure you have a way to return it and get something that actually works .
 I 've had this machine for over a month now , past the return date and have yet to burn one watchable dvd . Sony has been very helpful and they finally said I 've got the wrong disks -LRB- memorex -RRB- . I 'm trying to record from a sony handycam so you 'd think it would be a slam dunk . Not so . I 'm not happy and would n't recommend this item to anyone .
 I own a sony DCR-TRV510 and this device will not sync over the iLINK connection . You can use iLINK to transfer video , you just have to manually start/stop the camcorder when you press REC on the DVD recorder . I called tech support and they said it was a ` known problem ' . Too bad they do n't note that on the box , on their website , or in the Operating Instructions.I 'm using two sony devices , connected by a sony cable , and they do n't sync up . What gives ?
 This product was just what I was looking for in that it promised to provide a relatively easy way to transfer VHS tapes to DVD . Hookup was a breeze . Directions were generally clear . For the first 100 hours or so of recording -- spread over several months , by the way -- the product worked fine.Out of about 50 DVDs I only had 3 duds , but then I tried Sony DVDs . -LRB- The store was out of memorex . -RRB- Since then the product has performed horribly . I contacted tech support twice and got no help at all . Oh , they did refer me to their tech support page which , in essense , has no genuine trouble-shooting advice . I 'll probably try some different DVDs but the onus should not be on me to find the right DVD to work with this machine . Besides , it 's Sony DVDs which are n't working . Strange .
 The digital i.link connection is not compatible with other Sony devices . I purchased the VC20 and the DCR-TRV480 in order to make high quality transfers of my old Sony Hi8 analog tapes over to DVDs , just as Sony advertises . Although both items have the digital i.link feature , they are not compatible with each other . I have spent two months sending each item back to Sony for testing
 I bought a DCR-TRV480 D8 and a VRD-VC20 burner to put my old 8mm and D8 tapes on DVD . So far I have tried 3 digital and one analog . One digital lost the sound after 20 minutes . The two-hour analog had no sound at all - two wasted hours . I have spent a few days trying to narrow down the problem . Sony support is fun to work with
 Buyer beware if you attempt to copy digital 8 tape from your camcorder using i-link to this burner.I bought this burner with the goal of coverting all my digital 8 tapes to DVD using the i-link . What I discovered is that this burner automatically goes to pause if there is even the slightest gap on the tape you are trying copy . In order to start recording again you must physically press the record button again to start recording . If your tape has quite a few gaps -- which many home videos have , you will have to sit next to this burner and press record everytime it pauses . Bottom line to burn a DVD with this unit you have to sit next to it for the entire hour to make sure it does not stop -- unless your output take is well edited with no gaps at all.I contacted Sony technical support on this issue and they admitted that the pausing of the burner using i-link because of tape gaps was a `` design flaw '' that had no remedy . Furthermore they had fielded many calls on this exact issue with their only suggestion to attempt to return the burner to the vendor.If you are not going to use this burner with i-link and a camcorder then I guess you are ok . Unless you have perfect output tape with no gaps , you are in for a frustrating experience using this burner . Buyer Beware !!!
 I was eagerly awaiting the release of this product . And I jumped and got this in May 05 . My main intention was to convert all my home movies from MiniDV tapes to DVD . This product sounded ideal as it had the DV Link and the fact that I did not need a TV or a PC to constantly interface with it.When it arrived , I immediately got my MiniDV camcorder , plugged this unit in , popped in a blank DVD+R disk , plugged in the DV cable form my camcorder , hit record and it started recording . -LRB- Very simple no need to read the manual ! -RRB- But after about two minutes , it paused recording . I was puzzled , and then after reading the user manual found that the unit pauses recording whenever there is a break in the actual recording . You have to manually hit the Record button again to resume recording . I did just that and it started to record only to pause again after 3 minutes and then again a countless number of times ! By the time the 60 min . tape was complete , I was already frustrated ! So much for my idea to leave it alone until it finishes recording.I called SONY support to inquire if there was a way to turn off this `` feature '' and was told that this was by design and there was no way around this ! What were the SONY engineers thinking ? Do they really think most people will finish recording a 60 min DV tape in one sitting and that too without any breaks ? What good is this unit if I have to pay constant attention to make sure that the recording has not paused again ! They fail to realize that if I had the time to constantly watch the recording , I would be better off with a regular DVD Recorder or a DVD + - RW drive on my PC which are much cheaper too!On day 2 , I decided to return this unit . The lone DVD I burned , was ok , no complaints about that . So , if you do not mind the constant attention it needs then this is for you ! If you have the time , I think you would be much better off with a PC & and DVD + - RW drive as you can get quite creative with that . As for me ... my search goes on ...
 get distorted video with my brand new VRD-VC20 when it is creating HQ DVD directly from the DV input using a Monster DV cable to my Sony TRV17 . I have tried two different home video tapes and two different manufactures of DVD + r discs and their is video distortion and audio distortion at random points throughout playback on the newly created DVD discs . The Mini DV home movie tapes play back with no problem on the camera and also when played back from the TRV17 to the TV . I upgraded the VRD-VC20 with the June 2005 firmware update posted on your web site and it still is doing the same thing . The discs were all finalized properly . In addition to the distortion -LRB- blochy pixels , etc -RRB- the newly created discs have also had trouble loading when inserted into a new sony DVD/VCR combo player . I am getting ready to return this to the store I bought it at unless you have a solution . The VRD-VC20 was not hooked up to the computer during the capture process.I also tried another new Sony Camcorder and another tape and I still got distored video and it skipped.I 'm not sure if this was a defective unit but test !
 THE MORE I DEAL WITH THIS THE ANGRIER I GET !!! I bought the VRD-MC3 and the DCR-SR40 because of the way you advertised how you could directly record from one to the other.Not seeing the coded fine print footnote that DOES NOT STATE DIRECTLY THAT ' you can NOT record directly from the DCR-SR40 to the VRD-MC3 on a duel layer DVD `` That is stupid!Why would anyone build a video system with a 30 GB drive , then say it is compatible with a burner that they make and then make the largest medium that burner can burn NOT compatible with the video direct record system?When are you going to fix it?I have always thought Sony was `` top of the line '' but i have been severely disappointed with the last 4 Sony products I have purchased and I think I 'm gon na start doing something about it.NO THANK YOU!Bruce A. Clark
 I just bought this unit a couple of days ago and tried with DCR-HC42 videos I had taken . It can not record widescreen format -LRB- 16:9 -RRB- . Sony support line confirmed that I can not record widescreen using VRDVC20 . Ironically SonyStyle packages this product with HC42 as VRDVC20PAK4 . Bad choice - I am going to return it & get some other DVD recorder for this price .
 I bought this a few years ago . It worked fine for quite some time . Then it started having trouble finalizing discs . Now it ca n't read any disc . I am using it as a stand alone burner because I need to use it separately from my computer -LRB- in different rooms of my house -RRB- . I have treated it gently and still have the original box but it 's headed for the `` recycling '' center -LRB- and not China , I hope ! -RRB- . Sony is contributing to the problem of toxic waste by making short lived products . Beware the once respected Sony brand !
 Sony VRD-VC10I just purchased a DVDirect from Sony to record my favorite shows legally off of cable . I could pay $ 6.00 a month for a cable DVR but I wanted to have my own DVR . Guess what Sony has done again?They have included video encryption on their VRD-VC10 . The unit will not record off of any HBO , Cinemax , STARZ or any other pay channel . It does not matter that I have paid for the access to these same channels.I can record anything off of the air cable TV but the unit says , `` Copy Prohibited '' on any premium channels . It does not matter that I can lease a PVR -LRB- DVR -RRB- from the cable company and do the same thing for $ 6.00 a month!Sony 's logo on the box says . `` Make DVDs with the push of a button or two . '' You can make DVDs if Sony wants you too ; otherwise you are out of luck!I will not purchase anything else SONY ! I urge you to do the same !
 I purchased this unit to record some VHS tapes to DVD . I first tried the SLP setting but was unhappy with the quality of the DVD recording . I then tried the High Quality setting for recording and the quality only improved slightly . This unit does deliver good sound quality in the recordings just that images appear to be fuzzy and slightly out of focus .
 Recorded disc from the Mini DV Camcorder does play . but the recording disc is blurred and Hangs . it does not playI recommend do n't buy this product .
 This seemed to be the perfect solution for transferring VHS tapes to DVD and recording shows off our DVR . I returned a full size DVD Recorder for this . Now I have to go re-purchase . After reading the other articles here , I first connected to the computer to check the firmware , it was the latest version available . While connected , I confirmed I could successfully burn DVDs as I have on an older , single layer DVD burner . No problems there , the DVDs were playable.For standalone use those , a few times the thing would just hang ... . have to eject and reinsert blank media . The first attempt taping off of the DVR -LRB- after finalizing -RRB- would play partially in one DVD player but get blocks and freeze ups about 1/2 way through . Would never play on 2 computers DVD ROM drives or on an older Toshiba DVD player . The subsequent attempts created after finalizing never came up at all in 3 DVD players or 2 computers tested . One was DVD-R media and one was DVD + R media . In the book it referenced their web site to get a list of DVD media it was tested with . I had no problem with buying a specific brand if it would be compatible with a variety of players . The web site -LRB- after sending you in a loop between different Sony web sites -RRB- does n't offer a list of name brands , just what the book says about - / + and speeds . At that point I decided it 's not suppose to be this difficult and am returning the unit to Fry 's today .
 do n't waste your money on this . i wanted it to work so much because the idea was good . but it is buggy . i wo n't waste anymore time with it even writing this review . the previous reviewers are correct . enough said .
 I sent the unit back to Sony becasue it would just shut off while recording and they said they replaced the hardrive . Now I get one good burn in 5 . The only answer Sony gives is use Sony DVD . I 'm stuck with a $ 200 piece of trash
 I can burn a simple DVD+R with this recorder but I have not been able to burn a Double Layer DVD+R that has more than one title or any chapter stops .
 Whatever happened to Sony being the best ? Sometimes it works , sometimes it does not . Here are some of the problems I encoutered : -LRB- 1 -RRB- I went to finalize a disc and after it completed the process , I got a message that the finalizing failed . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I had put a brand new disc -LRB- a Sony brand at that -RRB- where the disc kept spinning and spinning until finally the message appears `` insert disc '' . -LRB- 3 -RRB- I had another error stating that it could not read the power source coming from the computer.Luckily I borrowed this drive and did not shell out the cash . What a huge disappointment.I would not recommend this product at all .
 I bought this unit in 2006 , have used it quite a bit , with some success , but recently it started balking at finalizing DVD+R discs that it used to just fine -LRB- same brand , etc -RRB- . Now I see in here there 's all kinds of problems with this drive reported in these Amazon comments.This does have the latest firmware on it.When I inquired about assistance on the Sony support website , they shot back asking the product serial number and mfg date . Just as I suspected , they said sorry , out of warranty range ... if you want technical help with the issue , you 'll have to pay $ 20 . Forget it . I 'm just getting another product that does work ... with good reviews.Too bad Sony no longer represents what it used in w/regard to quality products and support . Now it 's basically just like any average joe company out there with hit or miss products pretty much at the same statistical rate as the average manufacturer . In this age , review sites such as Amazon 's are the only way to go . I try to buy from Amazon too , to support them for providing this great service . Beware some other review sites , as some operators remove negative reviews , but I 've seen nor heard of any such rumblings on the Internet about Amazon doing this yet .
 I 've used this machine and got plenty of problems on loading disk and finalizing . I will never buy SONY DVD recorder .
 I purchased this about a year ago from a retail store . It looked like it was a great machine to create DVD 's from my home movies and pre-recorded shows on the digital cable box . It worked fine until recently , about two months ago , when I tried copying home movies to the burner.I did nothing different , other than load a clean 16x DVD into the machine , as before . When it went to `` finalize the disk '' , it kept giving a `` finalize error '' message and ejected the disk.I was using the same Memorex DVD+R disks that were successful in the past , but was totally clueless to what was happening . I DID upgrade the firmware about one month after buying it , and had success with the 8x and 16x DVD 's until two months ago.Had a pile of disks `` coffee coasters '' that were worthless , and was about ready to give this device the heave-ho , until reading another user who had success with the MAXELL DVD-R disks . As of tonight , 3-14-07 , the machine is working again , but ONLY because I 'm using the Maxell DVD 's . This thing is very temperamental , but am hoping it continues to copy my TIVO and home movies.All in all , it 's a good idea , but poorly constructed and prone to problems . Try to look around before buying this , even if you get a great deal on it ... Best regards
 I saw that this cable was twelve inches , but I thought it would be a lot longer . Very disappointed . Would not buy again .
 Just got this product and inserted an SD card to view the pictures taken with my NIKON D80 camera taken on RAW format . Surprise !!! The small LCD Screen on my camera has better resolution than the much bigger Screen on the Picture Porter.If you want a product to store and better view your work while on the field , then this is NOT what you are looking for . Images look blurry at best , 0 detail and 0 sharpness ... LCD Resolution on this prod is 320x240 , and the worst is that no information on resolution is available here for similar products ... . SKIP !!!
 I was using this product with the Dell Latitude 610 and was extremely happy with it . Recently my computer got upgraded to a Dell Latitude 620 . Now it will not charge the battery . At boot , the computer gives a warning `` processor speed may be lower and will not charge battery '' . I can not take * only * this adpater with me on travel as a result . Kensington claims it should work with the D620 - but it does not . I have seen posts on the Dell site from other users saying they have the same issue with the Latitude D820 . Dell confirmed that the D620 and D820 share the same motherboard.Buyer-beware !
 I NEVER RECEIVED THIS PRODUCT . I ORDERED IT A MONTH AGO AND IT NEVER !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! CAME
 Works with Inspiron E1505/6400 , but only if you hold it the right way . The plug is too long.Edit
 I purchased this tv March 2006 . Paid 1050.00 and since have had an additional 1100 . oo in repairs and mailing charges to lg . That works out to 500.00 per year . Not very good buy !!!!!
 I bought this for heavy printing use on my Lexmark inkjet printer . But printing text is about all this particular brand can handle . Tables and spreadsheets do n't come out in straight lines , even after aligning the cartridges . Even simple black text sometimes look pixilated , especially with some shadowed fonts . This brand may be half the price of Lexmark , but less than half the quality .
 Never could get it to work right . Lines and characters all blurry and messey . Will not order again .
 I had heard poor reviews of even the more expensive FM transmitters so decided to try out this cheaper one . But the sound quality is really poor and was no fun at all . I stopped using it within a day . I am planning to install a new Audio system with Aux input instead . You get good ones starting from 70-odd $ . And u can have it installed for another 40 $ from Frys .
 This thing works ok , but in my opinion is really substandard . There is constant audible static on all channels . I have tried it on 2 different car stereos and the results are always the same . If you are listening to loud music and driving on the highway , the background noise may cover up the constant static , otherwise you are going to hear it . I wrote to tech support and they could not help . It seems the product I received is simply a poor one . If you want something cheap and do n't care too much about quality then it might be worth getting . If you are picky about sound quality I do n't recommend it . All of these FM transmitters will somewhat diminish the quality of the music compared to havening a direct connection to your stereo anyway .
 i am using this for an htc hero . I had the same brand product , but different model -LRB- was a charger and adaptor -RRB- and it worked great . A fluke happening broke the wire connector and rendered it useless . This product does not compare to the other . the music is garbled and sometimes does n't play until i adjust the connectors to be just right . The connector has different ends so I ca n't even use it on my previous product .
 The old saying that you get what you pay for is definitely true here . Unless you really enjoy listening to background static this device is not for you . I tried literally every frequency and never received anything close to clear or enjoyable music .
 Got this Bluetooth receiver kit from Best Buy , tried it in my home stero system before even hooking it to my car , but was extremely disappointed by the audio quality.I stremed mp3 songs from my Motorola RAZR phone , but the audio quality through this bluetooth kit was so horrible I did not believe how the company even puts such a kit in the market claiming that it is a `` stereo bluetooth audio kit '' . . Complete joke . . Motorola Bluetooth Car Kits are WAY better and superior to this , I tested one and the audio quality is as good as wired stereo.Buy Motorola , and not this piece of junk .
 The VMAVB Component Shelf Wall Mount might work for you if you have multiple components to stack on it , otherwise it is too large . I only need to stack a cable box on it outside in my entertainment area and it was in the way . It sticks out too far and can be a hazard so make sure you mount it out of the way . it 's for sale if you want it cheap .
 bought this to use with an existing wooden shelf i had . figured i would just use it to hold the shelf . from the get go nothing but problems . the allen key and set screws were missing . i called sanus and they said they would mail it to me . ok , kudos for support.according ot the instructions - use a 1/4 drill bit to make pilot holes , and i do , only to find that 1/4 ' was too big as the lag bolts supplied were 1/4 ' as well !!!! Blast who ever wrote the instructions ! so now i have to fill up the hole and mount it slightly lower on the same stud . less than ideal . i used a 3/16th drill to make the pilot holes which fit the supplied lag bolts . double check and all is level.after mounting the bracket , i find that its not level and there is not way to level it !! im using a felt pad under the support to level it but may just try to bend the arm to get it to level.its a strong unit , seems like it well up to the task , but come on sanus !!! get the basics right ! and fix the darned instructions why dont you !! NB - seems im the only one here that had the problem with the instructions stating to use a 1/4 ' drill ... did they supply the wrong size bolts with mine ?
 As plainly listed in Amazon.com 's main heading for this DVD player , it is not `` Top Loading . '' It has a front-loading door , which is vulnerable to accidental breakage , especially with kids.Also , even at full volume , the sound is very weak . Our previous Venturer/Durabrand player 's sound was much better.The picture is hard to see if the screen is not pointing directly at one 's eyes . This is even a problem for shorter or taller passengers seated directly in front of it in a car . The only way to adjust it up or down is to adjust the front car seat to which it 's mounted . Fortunately , we can still output the signal to our old DVD player for another passenger .
 Very disappointed with this item . It does n't hold a charge for more than 2 hours at a time . Once plugged in and charging , it gets unbelievably hot - my toddler picked it up and dropped it while hugging his hands to his body like he burned himself . I thought he must have overreacted when feeling the warmth ... but then * I * picked it up and thought - wow ! something is wrong here ! It would have burned his sensitive skin if he happened to have been watching it when propped on his belly/knees like usual - if he had sone so while plugged in . VERY disappointed . Would have requested a refund from Amazon , but in the Xmas rush we tossed the box , do n't have anything but the unit and accessories anymore . Will be contacting the company . - Mom to John , age 4
 Bought 3 for my kids at my local Toys R Us after seeing this online at Amazon . Luckily I tried them before Christmas morning -LRB- after reading a bad review posted here -RRB- . After fully charging , the first one started fine and played a movie for about 12 minutes , then the screen went black -LRB- and never came back -RRB- . The second one only played sound -LRB- no picture -RRB- , and the third worked great for the 30 minutes I tried it . I took all three back and got a refund -LRB- I could n't afford to take a chance on the good one going bad on the second movie -RRB- . My question
 We purchased this DVD player for use in our car . It worked fine -- once . The next time we tried to use it , it worked for 15 minutes then it stopped and just made a rattling noise . After fully re-charging it , it still did n't work . We returned it to Toys R Us and got another one . This second DVD player had the exact same problem . We will now buy a Sony or other name brand DVD player .
 Im very glad I didnt buy this item personally ... It was given to me as a a gift . . Worked allright for about 3 months or so ... It is a bit complicated to use , many buttons that seem really unneccesary . Why would you want to shut the screen off while its on ? BTW it does that by itself ... All of the sudden it stopped working and the on indicator light just flashes constantly ... The item price at the time of purchase was $ 199 , now its on sale for $ 119 I believe ... either way too much ... Stick with a brand name -LRB- Sony etc -RRB- portable Dvd player and buy it at a store in person , to facilitate easy returns , and get the extended warranty if kids will be handling it ... ANyone wan na buy a broken DVD player ?
 I charged this DVD player a week before Christmas , and then wrapped it . When my kids opened it , the battery was dead . I recharged it and then tried to put in a movie . The movie would not load without pushing down very hard on one spot on the top . I thought that the tablet feature was great , but I think this was what caused the loading trouble . As for holding a charge , after reading other reviews it sounds like this is a common problem .
 I purchased at Toys R Us for $ 119 which included a credit towards a $ 20 DVD . Read the reviews after I purchased it and was concerned . I opened up and charged for 10 + hrs and then watched a movie on it and it performed well . I have watched a few other movies on it and have not had any problems `` yet '' . Seems to be a hit or miss product . As of this time , I believe that mine is working the way it is supposed to .
 Unfortunately , I saw this on sale at Toys R Us and bought one without checking out reviews . I gave it to my son for Christmas and charged the unit for the whole day . The player worked fine for a couple short trips in the car , probably a total playing time of 1/2 -1 hour . Today my wife told me it was n't working anymore . When I plugged in the AC adapter , the red `` charging '' light came on and within 15 minutes , the green `` full '' indicator lit . When I turned the player on , the screen flashed briefly and immediately died . When the `` full '' light comes on , if I unplug the adapter and plug it back in , the `` charging '' light comes on again for a 10-15 minute period . This kind of tells me the -LRB- unreplaceable -RRB- battery pack is shot . It could be due to the car adapter since a couple reviewers mention car adapters not working . One item of interest ; the Craig website does not even list any DVD players in their products list .
 This is not even a toploading DVD player . The description is a lie . Not only that , but it did not work straight out of the box . Even the remote is different than the one we received . What we ordered an and what we received were two totally different things . The LCD is fried and no one at Craig -LRB- the manufacturer -RRB- could help .
 LESS THAT ONE STAR RATING !!!!!!!!!!! THIS IS JUNK-Toys R US does not stand behind their products ... DO NOT BUY !!!!!
 I bought 2 DVD players on sale at Toys R Us for $ 119 each for my children -LRB- ages 6 & 10 years -RRB- for Christmas -LRB- I thought it was a great deal because these machines usually sell for $ 199 , but it was not a great deal ! -RRB- . My son 's player stopped working before he finished his first movie and my daughter 's machine broke the day after Christmas as I was coming back from Toys R Us with my son 's replacement DVD player . The screen on the replacement machine fell apart in my hand as I was taking it out of the box . Toys R Us was great about giving me a full refund on both machines so that I could buy a name brand DVD player for my children . These DVD players are the worst and I feel bad for my children because the gifts that Santa gave them were crappy . DO NOT buy this product and please warn others .
 I got 2 of them for Christmas and one did n't work at all -LRB- dead on arrival -RRB- and the other one worked for a couple of days . I exchanged one and it was also dead on arrival . They all do n't work even with the A/C adaptor -LRB- No power -RRB- . Do not buy this item .
 Got this for my daughter just before christmas . Worked for about 1 day then the screen became scrambled . The sound works but the screen does not . This DVD player is NOT reliable . Spend you money elsewhere !!!
 I bought my first dvd and the picture was not working . I return it and got another one , used for 2 days , it was great , but then I lost the picture and voice , all what i hear is a hum . I 'm returning the second one and will be looking for another brand .
 We bought two . One for my son and one for my daughter for Christmas morning . I too - charged both as the directions stated so they would be ready Christmas morning . They neither one worked Christmas morning . I read the directions closer and realized that they needed to be charged up to five times and completely discharged up to five times before they would fully hold a charge . So almost a month later of fully discharging and charging , my son 's will hold a charge , but my daughter 's still will not hold a charge . I am also very disappointed at the carrying bag that is sold with this . I thought it was a bag . It is not . It is just a case that you put the DVD player into to strap it to the back of the car seat . It does not hold any of the accessories or any extra dvd 's . If I had it to do over , I would not purchase this product .
 We charged the battery per manufacturer manual . Turned it on Christmas Eve before setting under tree to make sure worked . Next morning , when my daughter got up , I turned it on again -LRB- she had n't even laid a finger on it -RRB- . The picture was so faint you could n't even see the movie or the settings screens . We could hear the movie , just not see it . Luckily , I distracted my daughter with other gifts & hid this one -LRB- returning it to Amazon that week -RRB- & bought a brand-name DVD at a local store to replace the one Santa brought . She did n't seem to notice the switch , but it was a big disappointment -LRB- it looked so nice on Amazon & did n't look cheap or flimsy out of the box . We tried charging it again , thinking maybe the battery was n't fully-charged , but still no luck on getting a picture . DO NOT BUY this DVD player . It 's also not top-loading , the screen pops up on a hinge and you put the DVD under the screen . I had expected a little slot at the top of DVD player that accepted DVDs like the car CD player , but I was mistaken .
 this is the 2nd one i have owned . both have been defective . i only used this item 1 time . the 2nd time the screen was black . very unhappy !!!!
 My daughter really loved this . Although some stations did not play she did enjoy it while it worked . About a month after the warrenty ran out the speakers stopped working .
 this deserves half a star . i bought it b/c it seemed to have everyhing i wanted . i returned it to the store within a week . it refused to recognise cds after the second day . its construction is terribly cheap . i thought i was getting a bargain , but i 'll spend a little more for a quality brand . will stay away from memorex in the future.worse cd player i 've ever bought . do n't waste your money !!!!
 I bought this CD player because i was looking for an affordable CD player with FM radio . This has to be the worst I 've ever bought . The battery power lasts maybe 4-5 hours total on 2 AAs . The radio frequencies suck so you 're lucky if you get one good station . There is n't a hold feature . No resume , and it fails after about a month of use . Waste of money thank God its been discontinued ! NO ONE BUY A MEMOREX PRODUCT AGAIN UNLESS ITS A BLACK CD-R BECAUSE THOSE ARE THE ONLY GOOD PRODUCTS FROM MEMOREX !
 I bought this software in Cosco . One interesting thing I found immediately in the first use is that some of the stores that have been closed for a long time still appear on the maps as valid locations . After that , new shopping malls that opened after 2001 can not be found on the maps . Also zip codes are not accurate . So I go to the maps directory of this software and looked at the creation date of the maps . It turns out that all the maps were created on August 31 , 2000 , which means they have never been updated after that date !!! Even though they claimed this software as the newest version.One interesting thing is that for the locations not being able to find by the software , you can find all of them on Rand Macnally website . It is perhaps their lousy attitude towards the customers that make these almost 4yr old maps as newest version . I feel cheated . However I still politely asked their support people for help . Guess what ? They just kicked me to Tele Atlas North America for update , which I find out to be a business level map service company that wo n't even listen to what I said.All in all , this is a bad bad bad software with worse worse worse service . DO N'T BUY or you just waste your money
 Well first let me say this software came with my Deluo USB GPS as part of the package . The GPS is great and worth every penny I paid , but the Street Finder software is not worth the CD it was burned on !! The maps are old and out dated , the user interface was written by someone who obviously really could care less about easy of use , and the trip routing was the worst I have ever had the displeasure of using . Please save yourself the brain aneurism that this will cause you while trying to configure and use for your next vacation or trip and get Microsoft Streets & Trips 04 . I ca n't stress enough how utterly horrible Rand McNally Street Finder is . Amazon has a great price on Microsoft Streets and Trips 04 and there 's a $ 10.00 MIR to boot .
 I expected more from Rand McNally . This product had potential but did n't make the grade . The maps are nicer to look at than MS Streets & Trips or DeLorme Street Atlas but they 're out of date . The interface is quirky and tedious to use . The search function wo n't look for ZIP codes and fails to find places that are on the map . This application does n't have much going for it . What a disappointment , I 'm sorry I wasted my money .
 I have been using streets & trips 2001 for a few years , but found it getting incresingly out of date , with the new construction going on around my locale , so I went out and bought this product . Unbelievably , though I bought it at least three years after microsoft streets & trips , it was even MORE out of date -- and the interface looks more dated . Worst of all , the very street I live on -- which has been here at least 10 years now , probably more -- was shown incorrectly , it is a through street , this program shows it as a dead end!In short - a way out of date competitors product you can buy on ebay for $ 3 is better than this piece of #### . It is n't even worth the time spent installing it -LRB- I had to swap the same CD in and out at least 5 times -- what 's with THAT ? -RRB- , let alone what3ever money you pay . I 'm deleting it off my drive & going back to S&T ; 2001 for now .
 Can find a lot of places . Ca n't find my work , school -LRB- University of North Florida ! -RRB- . Although GPS capabilities were okay . But what can I do with GPS if it ca n't find where I want to go !!!
 I had been using Microsoft Streets & Trips 2002 and wanted to upgrade to something more current . After hearing that streets & trips 2004 was not an improvement over 2002 , I decided to give Steetfinder & Tripmaker a try . What a waste ! I ca n't believe that Rand Mcnally would allow their name to be put on this thing . terriable interface , ca n't find streets that are shown on the programs map , map is cartoonish compared to the Microsoft product . In fairness I do n't use the gps feature so it could have some redeeming value in that area .
 i bought this program after the salesman told me it was the best one he had . What a joke . The search engine is the worst ! When you print out a map , it prints it in a color that does n't allow you to see the streets . b What good is that . I emailed the company and they said you can not change the default color of the map in this version . What a screw up that is ! I am so disappointed that I uninstalled it and just use mapquest now . I ca n't belive Rand McNally allowed a program this bad to be released . Someone must have been snoozin '
 Where do I start . . Hmm the fact that this program is the biggest waste of $ 45 i have ever spent on something in a long time.I purchased this program before heading out on a cross-country road trip this summer , in hopes of using it as a supplemental program for finding points of interest , dining , and lodging . Well , the Rand McNally CD 's made good coasters at the hotels we found using another program . . The GPS interface would not even work no matter what , and I currently own a new Garmin Vista Unit , so using this program for on the spot navigation was out of the question . Searching for local attractions to familiarize myself with the program only turned up places that have been closed for the past ten years , or a very limited listing.Worst of all , the store will not take this prog back because it has been opened , yada yada yada . So , now I am stuck with a $ 45 P.O.S. I would have more fun wasting the $ 45 in the slots in Vegas.DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM ! DO NOT BUY THIS PROGRAM ! .
 Had this camera for one hour ... took one picture and the thing stopped working . Their customer service is barely ever there & they do not answer inquiries or concerns in a timely manner.You 're better off saving your money ... it has a one year warranty but it 's really not worth the time and frustration of trying to figure out to use it & you have no support if you have a problem . Save your money and spend a little more for a better known name brand camera .
 THIS IS NOT EVEN A TOY CAMERA-ITS IS A FRAUD . ANY RETAILER WHO SELLS THIS PRODUCT OBVIOUSLY DID NOT TEST IT . IT DOES NOT WORK EVEN FOR A FEW PICTURES AND SHOULD BE PULLED FROM THE MARKET PLACE !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! AND THE DROPOUTS WHO DESIGNED IT SHOULDBE PUSHING MOPS !!!
 I bought this camera for my daughter 's birthday and it was a total waste of money . Like the other reviewers , I wish I had read their opinions first . You ca n't even see images on the camera 's screen , and it erases your pictures when you turn the camera off .
 I agree with everybody else . I got a replacement camera after the first quit working after about 3 pictures were taken -LRB- that were indeed bad quality anyway -RRB- . Sakar did send replacement but did the same thing exactly as the first one . Bad thing is my son who is on deployment ordered it over the internet thru Toys ' R Us for his little sister on HIS credit card so we do n't know how or if we can get his money back for it . I will GLADLY send the camera back if my son can get his money back .
 Why is Toys R Us still selling this piece of junk . The camera does not work . It takes forever for the camera to take a picture . The picture comes out to dark if you are not using the flash , or it is white-washed if you are using the flash . It burns through a set of batteries after a few flash photographs . My child got frustrated with it . Avoid at all costs !
 I wish I would have read these reviews before I purchased this camera . When it did work it took terrible pictures . The color and clarity of the photos were horrible . It does eat up batteries , but that does n't make any difference now because the camera does n't work.I entered a review earlier and would like to add to it . Though the camera is horrible , and stopped working after two days , I did recieve a new camera through Sakar even though I did n't have a reciept . Now I 'm stuck witht the same bad camera . Anybody want to buy one ?
 Like all the other reviews , we have had the same problems . It seems as if the batteries are not working after only one picture . The flash did not provide any additional light at all . A waste of money and very disappointing to the child who received it .
 This is a wan na be camera . First the picture quality was horrid . Second , it is a battery hog . It actually did not drain the battery , but after 4-5 pictures w / flash it thought the batteries were dead . The battery tester said otherwise . Another thing is that when the batteries are removed it loses all of is settings -LRB- i.e. size , jpeg quality , indoor/outdoor , ... -RRB- except for the date . The flash is a joke , it does n't freeze the picture at all . You get a lot of motionblur
 you take one picture and it breaks down . it gets so boring and you never use when it is working .
 I made the mistake of purchasing 2 of these since I believed US Robotics to be a quality brand . Both stopped working after about 7 days , would n't work on WinME , WinXP or Win2kPro . Could n't find anyone to contact and gave up .
 This little modem , was supposed to be jewel of the dial-up modem range . Capable of handling the new v. 92 standard among other things.Plugging in was not point and click , and drivers needed to be installed first . After which i unsuccessfully got the thing working with my isp.eventually after much sweat and altering of the myriad of settings - which makes it difficult to navigate , time consuming and unless you 're a techie , useless - got connected at 12 kb/s . I checked the line , and computer settings , but no luck at increasing the bandwidth.The hype of such a modem has gone to the heads of its maker - it does n't work properly , and needs to be corrected.All in all it was a shocking disappointment . On the positive side , the fax part of the modem works beautifully with no hassle whatsoever - how strange ?
 I purchased this modem in August 2003 . Installed it in a machine running WinXP . Modem worked , but performance was terrible . Best I could get was 33.6 K . This is compared to the Lucent internal Winmodem that came with my PC . The Lucent modem would get 50 - 52K easy . Finally in December 2003 I decided to call my ISP for help . They suggested that I first installed the updated drivers.I went to USR 's site and downloaded the latest drivers . Now the modem quits working altogether . Start getting the message , No Dial tone . Call tech support , and because the modem is over 90 days old , I have to pay $ 8 for help . After a bunch of useless tests , they conclude the modem is dead . I send it back to USR and they send me another one a week later.Uninstall my Lucent modem and drivers . Install the USR and then drivers . Same result , no dial tone message . Call tech support again . Claim , USB port may be underpowered and that I may need a powered USB port . This in spite of the spec , `` USB powered ` no external power supply required '' . I disagree , as nothing has changed in my system . I 've not added any components since adding the modem . But just to make sure , I remove all USB devices accept the modem . Same result . After two disconnects with tech support , I give up . Re-installed the Lucent modem and will be pitching the USR in the trash.Save your money and stay away from this piece of junk . I bought USR because I thought they had a good rep. Was I ever wrong !!!!! Now I will likely spend more money and buy what I should have in the first place , a Multi-tech .
 This item is NOT compatible with windows xp pro !!! After 3 hours of long distance charges calling tech support , the modem still does not work and thanks to their expert instructions , my registry is now damaged . Buy anything else , but do not buy this modem . The only reason I gave it one star was because it would not accept my comment without me selecting something .
 I bought the USR USB fax modem last week and I wish I had checked here first . I have called Tech support three times -LRB- long distance call 801 area code -RRB- and exchanged multiple emails without resolution . I am about to return this modem . Problems :1 -RRB- On my Win98SE computer
 This may be a fine modem , but it requires proprietary drivers that are not available for Linux .
 If you have a fast PC and fast -LRB- USB 2.0 -RRB- USB bus , then this ought to work just fine for you . I recommend a powered USB hub for this modem , as it requires a lot of power to hold its internal relays open and keep your phone line open . Some USB cards only have 100 mA available , and this device requires the full 250 mA allowable by the USB specification.It did not work at all for me
 The first warning of trouble was when Windows XP warned me that the drivers for this modem were not signed . The next sign of trouble was that when I established a connection , the speed was almost always inferior to what I 'd been getting on my old Creative Labs V90 external serial modem . The final straw was that after any period of use , the drivers would crash Windows XP.Maybe it 's just my USB 2.0 card ... Or maybe it 's just the way my machine is configured . But for whatever reason , I could n't get this modem to work without poor performance and crashes . I have no choice but to return it and either look for another modem or continue using my old one.For what it 's worth , I have had mixed results in the past with other USB powered devices . I 've been bitten several times by devices that draw power through the same cable they send and receive data through . I will be very reluctant to buy such a device again .
 I bought this modem based on reputation and it has been nothing but a pain -LRB- ... -RRB- . I 've gone from using 15 % processor usage to a steady 98 % . I 've fiddled and screwed with it till I 'm ready to scream , and it still does n't work properly . I get random power disconnection that freezes my computer . It works at a pretty steady 4.4 , which is good , but my old Creative Modem Blaster did that , and it still let me restart without having to go to safe mode . Tech support was remarkably unhelpful . I do not recommend this modem for anyone with an older PC .
 This was not a conclusive test but the modem only worked on my onboard USB 1.0 VIA 82C596B controller and not my NEC USB 2.0 PCI adapter.If you 're having problems , try a USB 1.0 port .
 The lens advertised for Sony A330 but it does not work . I sent the item back and a replacement item sent but later on found out that it does not work for the camera . Poor product knowledge from the seller worst customer service .
 Did a nice job of protecting the screen from scratches , but when I removed it , the screen started acting strange . The pen movement became very imprecise , jumpy . Had to send it in for service . Peeling it off puts a lot of upward pressure on the screen , and it wrecked mine . Do n't chance it . Spend your money on a better stylus and skip the WriteWrong .
 Could not objectively review this product because it was damaged upon receipt . There is a loose lens element within the lens barrel .
 This cartridge sold by Amazon and V4Ink was never tested during the remanufacturing process . The cartridge loaded properly and was recognized by my Canon Fax and proceeded to turn every page printed into a black piece of paper . No letters were visible , just black everywhere.Update
 I thought from the title the cartridge was remanufactured by Canon . NOT . It 's an after-market refill with non-Canon toner . Glad I read the description and before buying . Do n't be fooled by the title
 From third copy on print is very faint . Not equal to original maufacturer cartridge . Do not waste your money .
 Save your money . 1 month and a week after receiving the item , it broke inside my printer . I only had been using it occasionally during that time . Luckily , Amazon was nice enough to make an exception to their normal 30-day return limit and allowed me to return it . Seems you get what you pay for ...
 Bought two of these so that I would have a spare before the current one ran out . They both broke within a couple of weeks . Not returnable as past the return date !
 This is the 2nd time i have bought cartridges from a Amazon Co. I bought 3 Cartrides From InkersNot happy !!! 500 copies from each total Maybe 600 from # 2They were sold at 5000 at 5 % coverageI ended up at Office Max on a Saturday AM to buy 3 new onesI got what i paid for TRASHOh yea service was good BUTTTTTTodays Date 5/30/2010They say 3 strikes your OUTThey wont get another chance from me
 The item is defective . After only 5 pages , it printed all black lines ... product is NO GOOD !!!
 I had use this before it was great , not this time around . I guess different manufactures put their own version of toner and inconsistent . Very light , not dark . Bad Generic , Does not Meet Quality . Not recommended .
 Last Friday I went ahead and purchased a Vaio K35 from a BestBuy . The screen is really great , and they had 24 months no interest plan to pay the $ 1350 after rebates . That all sounded like a good deal back then ... The Vaio K35 froze on me the first day after sending the notebook to hibernation . Needless to say I started testing how it did with hibernation/standby . The freeze did n't happen always , but it happened close to half the times it came from hibernation , never from standby it seems . I made sure the BIOS was not doing any power management , just Windows . Even the VAIO Power Management was disabled inside windows power management control panel . Also , I had the lattest drivers from Vaio Update . Still , it was freezing some times after hibernation.Installed Windows XP Pro + Service Pack 2 + All the Vaio Drivers and Updates , and still the same thing . It did n't happen always , but yesterday night it froze again coming back from hibernation . Enough for me.This morning I took the notebook to Bestbuy in the frozen state actually , so they could see it . The technician 's verdict
 This is quite possibly the worlds worst laptop . Sure , it looks nice , but looks are deceiving in this case . Mine has broken 3 times in 9 months . First 2 times Sony fixed it under the 1-year warranty , then they stopped fixing it.I got it for Christmas 2004 . No later than March the AC adapter broke inside the laptop . So we sent it back to Sony under the warranty and they fixed it for free.About the end of May the screen want very dark , you had to use a flashlight to see what you were doing , like something had burnt out in the laptop . We called Sony , then sent it in and they fixed it.Over the next couple of months many things went wrong . The battery cover broke off , the CD drive would n't open and keys fell off , which is odd because I take VERY good care of this thing . We sent it to Sony again only to have them tell us it 'll cost over $ 1000 to repair , even though it was still under the 1-year warranty.For $ 1000 I could just get a HP or some other laptop . But I will NEVER purchase a Sony laptop ever again , and I 'll be careful when purchasing other sony products in the future.BEWARE OF THIS PRODUCT .
 i bought the vaio because all of my other electronics are from sony , and i 've been happy . but they have n't quite gotten laptops down yet . my comp is slower than i 'd expect , freezes at odd times and is generally unimpressive . also , like someone else pointed out , it is a bit hefty to be carrying around . i 'd reconsider buying this computer and i wish someone would have told me the same before i bought it ...
 Ok , first I think giving a single star to this one is a mistake . But i had no option as I had to choose some thing.The cons :1 . Extremely bulky ! At 8 lbs this one is one heavy laptop2 . Terrible battery life ! I am not exaggerating but the current life I get for this laptop -LRB- mind u. . its jus plain browsing -RRB- is around 15-20min . -LRB- I am not playing any songs ... videos or anything -RRB- 3 . Extrmely noisy - The fan gives out so much noise that it is really embarresing to take this one to a class or even a meeting ! 4 . Too much heat ! - put this on your lap for more than 15-20min and it surely is a pain ! 5 . Freezes often ! - The system just freezes out of no whr quite oftenPros :1 . It has one hell of a display ! U can just look at it for years without hurting ur eyes ! 2 . Cant think of anymorePlz dont go for this one ! It surely isnt worth anywhere near the $ 1500 you would end up paying.I just got pissed off with this and bought myself a Thinkpad t-43 and yeah I am really happy with it !
 I have had this computer for 2 years and from day 1 it 's been below average . I should have returned it when it only worked for an hour on battery and was overheating . I just ordered a new cpu which I cant wait for because I ca n't use this Sony because the overheating causes the computer to turn off at random ... and I am on my 2nd cooling dock . To be fair I will say that when it works it 's fine but it only works properly 15 % of the time , the remaining 85 % of the time I am waiting for a website to pull up staring at a blank screen.Please do not buy this computer , you will regret it ... and oh by the way all of the decals on the top and bottom of the computer have melted off so I do n't know the serial number or anything about the cpu !
 I bought this because I wanted a BT speakerphone that turned on and off with my car . I previously used a Motorola T305 that had to be manually turned on when entering the car , and wanted something automatic.The Scosche unit turns on automatically , but takes a long time to turn on after power is applied -LRB- even with the AC adaptor in-home -RRB- and does not reconnect automatically to my Blackberry 8100 . I must navigate to the Blackberry 's Bluetooth menu , select `` SCOSCHE '' and re-connect manually . Every other Bluetooth device I 've used with my Blackberry -LRB- several models of ear-headsets , the aforementioned T305 speaker-phone , and a Parrot speaker-phone , all re-pair automatically within SECONDS of being powered up.What a disappointment .
 2nd Blaupunkt unit we had . This unit had a great tuner but the SD media in put never worked and the time could n't be set in 12 hour mode . Seller quickly accepted return and refunded . over all great seller bad product .
 I had read a review for another Cowon product and thought that the A2 would be a better purchase . After purchasing I read that firmware upgrades were difficult . That is true . I downloaded the upgrades but have not been able to move them to the A2 . I also found their music source has a limited selection -LRB- do n't expect to download Bob Dylan music , for example -RRB- . I am sorry that I let my daughter take my Sony product to college .
 This machine is great and convenient when it is ON . Mine had a power problem from the time I got it . I thought I could fix it with some firmware updates and stuff , but I could n't . When I found out from online that it was n't just me having this issue , I decided to return it . Other than power problem , I really loved it . If I find a machine that works the same as this and does n't have any power problem , I would definitely buy it .
 My unit was working fine until about 6 months . There is definitely a power issue . It would just run out of juice even though it was turned off . Then I would hear the harddrive running but there was nothing on the LCD . Cowon has not been responsive so I would have to say do not buy this product . I got sick of Ipods too but this is not a better alternative . Not good . 380 bucks out the window . Plus its too big . Who wants to carry something that heavy and big anyway ?
 I bought this thing from Amazon - brand new.Arrived within 3 days and as soon as I try to use it - problem starts.First of all you can not record anything from TV , cable or satellite box.Do not believe what you read in manual , it does not work.It does have nice display and plays most of the known video formats as soon as you copy files from your computer into gadget.My item works for almost 5 days and then just died on my hands from unknown reason.It just died . I could not turn it on anymore.All attempt to communicate with the tech support of COWON -LRB- JETAUDIO -RRB- turn out complete waste of time . All what they did waited until my time to return item will be out but lucky me I bought it with Amazon . Little push from Amazon and I got return merch authorization.I do not know yet if they going to charge me re-stocking fee but I already lost double shipping fee.First to get item and second to send it back.If it did not work brand new what will it do as used/refurbished ????
 I gave the A2 a 1 simply because I there was n't a 0 . After waiting weeks to get the unit , I spent a week trying to get the A2 to play any video without completely locking up . The only way to get out of the lock was to hold the power key for several seconds to power it off . -LRB- I was never able to play more than 15 seconds of ANY video -LRB- including the samples supplied by COWON -RRB- with out it locking up . -RRB- These attempts included emails to support -LRB- with never better than 24 hour replies -RRB- , upgrading firmware several times and following all suggestions from support.It 's obvious to me that I was sent a `` lemon '' - I 'm sure that happens from time to time but it 's a little troublesome for something that costs $ 400-500 for it not to work at all . One other `` flaw '' I can think of is that rechargeable battery is not user-replaceable - that raises a question of support - some day the battery will have to be replaced and there evidently is no human support via phone - at least I have n't been able to find it . The only phone number that I was able to find for COWON started by thanking me for calling , directing me to their web site for everything , saying goodbye and disconnecting . Their web site is n't always available either - I 'm still trying to find a human to talk to at Cowon.I actually thought the unit was attractive , the controls were fairly easy to figure out and manuvering through the display was ok . That 's a good thing because the manual is VERY lacking in usuable information . If Cowon would solve some of the support problems I 'd probably give the thing another try . The only competition currently is the Archos AV500 and I do n't think it 's got as many good features as the A2 .
 Nice picture . Lots of features . Long battery life -LRB- sorta , see below -RRB- . Easy to use . Pushing down on the joystick to select items is a little hard . Sometimes the selecter would move to another item instead of selecting the item that I already had highlighted.My boyfriend and I bought these for each other for Christmas . We went ahead and started playing with them when they arrived two days ago . They got here about 7pm . We charged them until the light went out which indicated that they were full . Then we upgraded them per the instructions provided . We loaded them up with video/movies . Watched about an 1.5 hours of shows . Shut off the device . In the morning it had 4/4 bars on the battery . I watched 2.5 hrs of stuff . Battery was then at 2/4 . Turned it off and set it down . Came back 2 hours later and it was dead . So it died in less than 24hrs . After trying lots of stuff it is still a brick . I can not reach tech support as their phone number gives you a recording that says use their website . I was never able to get anyone on the `` Live Support Chat '' . I created a ticket on their site which has n't been addressed yet.I am very disappointed with this device and especially with their support . I do not like nor do I have time to sit at my computer for hours waiting for them to answer the live chat request . Atleast with phone support I can carry it around and do other things while I wait.DOAs do happen . I understand that . Its the support you receive afterwards that counts when it does .
 The first one of these I got from Amazon . It worked great for almost a week . One day it was just dead , no light , no life when connected to the power adaptor , no response over USB.Amazon were good enough to provide a complete refund - since they did n't have any more in stock.So I bought a replacement directly from Jet Audio . This one worked for two days before a pattern appeared on the screen - it was part of the displayed image ; only visible when the unit was turned on . It was far too big to ignore and , in fact , obscured the controls.I duly got an RMA and returned it to Jet Audio . They are claiming the fault was due to damage . Indeed , they claim there is physical damage to the case itself . They sent a very blurry photo but even then it was obviously different to the fault that I sent it in with . A third of the screen was completely white on the unit in the photo.At this stage they wo n't repair it until I pay $ 125 . I 'm just feeling like I 'm being cheated and blackmailed . If I pay them off , I have no idea whether I 'm going to get something that lasts more than a week anyway ... Any recommendations on the next best alternative player ?
 Where to start !! After carefull consideration I decided to purchase the Cowon A2 . The unit had everthing I needed FM radio , recording capabilities , 30gig HD etc. . When I rec 'd the unit , BOY was I disappointed . Here 's why , first when testing the radio function the built in speakers did n't put out sound . Second , the unit would n't play any of the installed video , so I was n't able to test that function . Third , the supplied software would n't reconize the unit when plugged into my PC . I was about ready to return the unit for a full refund . I then said to my self let me contact customer service maybe I 'm doing something wrong -LRB- note to all future buyers , the customer service is done by email or chat no person to person help this might be a turn off to some -RRB- I first made contact with the customer service unit via email they did respond within 24hrs . but was n't any help !!! I then decide to use the chat fucntion -LRB- which is only available Mon.-Fri . -RRB- The person on the other end -LRB- they did n't provide a name -RRB- recommended I up grade the firmware . The unit came with the 1.51 c firmware I went to the cowonamerica web site and downloaded the newest firmware from the site which was v1 .61 . After following the instruction I updated the firmware , which was easy . I tested my unit again , same problems . I again utilized the chat function , informed the unknown person , that the firmware update did n't correct the issues with my unit . Again I was told update the firmware , but was informed to get it from the iaduio web site . I was also instucted to reformat the HD in the unit . I obtained the newestfirmware 1.81 e , reformated the unit , installed the firware then reset the unit . The unit now functions as it should . In closing no one should have to go thru what I had to , with a brand new unit . Oh , by the way the installed software still dos n't pickup the unit when plugged in the usb port . I have to say the picture on the A2 is outstanding , the sound is very goodthe joggle stick take some getting use to but it would n't take you long . I hope this review helps !!! I will update it when I complete a full test of the unit .
 First of all , I wish I had done a little more testing of this unit before the 30 day Amazon return period was up . Tried it out and was very satisfied with the picture quality and sound through the demos . After owning it for about 5 weeks , finally loaded music on it and took a road bike trip for about 4 hours . Battery died at 3.5 hours . Fully charged it up and tried again , this time dead in an hour . Charged again and did a test playing only music , made it about 10 hours this time . Have n't found anyone else in the reviews who has had this problem . The spec says 18 hours of audio and this is due to the larger battery . Never tried the video . Tried contacting CowonAmerica through email , phone and signing up for their online help site . They have to verify your email address before you can enter the site . Got a email verification back and tried to logon , no luck , said email address was not verified even though the email I received from them said it was . I was not willing to take the risk of NO CUSTOMER SERVICE for a device I paid over 300.00 for . I loved the A2 when it worked , easy to load music , great sound , and the video demo was crystal clear . Sent it back to Amazon for a partial refund and will probably buy an Archos , as I was able to contact their service department by phone in about 30 seconds . Great machine bummer service .
 This product was great until it started freezing all the time , even during recording . All this in less than one month after purchase .
 Well , I was really hoping to love this like so many others have . I ordered it for a long trip to Asia , and looked forward to watching videos and listening to music during the 24 hours I 'd be spending on a plane.Unfortunately , the A2 was dead on arrival . It turned on only to show a big red `` X '' over a picture of the unit . It would n't connect with my computer , so a firmware update was n't even possible . I do n't know if that was even the problem -- I 'm thinking now that it was just shoddy construction , as I 've seen a few posters both here and on Cnet complain that they received DOA units.Not only that , but Cowon 's support was a joke . I was basically told `` too bad -- return it to Amazon . '' Wow , thanks . But since it was -- at this point -- three days before I was going to leave the country , I could n't send in the defective unit and get a new one in time.I will definitely always hold it against Cowon that they screwed me out of having entertainment for my long journey . I 've now purchased an Archos and it works beautifully . I highly recommend it , and I recommend you stay away from Cowon .
 The seller was extremely kind and willing to work with me on a change of delivery system . He was great.Unfortunately the product did not live up to the expectations , as it broke shortly after it was received and delivered to the person expecting this as a gift .
 Could not use it , arrived defective from vendor.Spent almost a month before Amazon finaly ussued refund but still no word from vendor/manufacturer
 It seems that Jet Audio may have spammed the jet audio reviews with `` quick delivery '' items . I 've been waiting 2 + weeks for the Cowon A2 after ordering from Jet . And getting through to customer service ... grab a snickers ... UPDATE
 after 2 weeks looking at every word written on the portable media players out there the COWON A2 is the most bang for the buck.I LOVE IT.this is the coolest little thing any media junkie could want.i have my favorite movies , music , pictures , auido books ... etc right in my hands , my car . . everywhere i go.this is hands down an ipod killer.there is other players out there with similar features . . namely the ARCHOS line of products . . the cowon in my opinion is made better ... has cooler features and is more versitile than the archos line.ive had no problems at all with this machine.it performs all tasks with no problem . . the firmware update is great and super easy to do.the jet shell software is great and very usefull for working with your files.if there was anything to say it would be that out of 1000 possible corrupted files maybe 1 or 2 agrivates the cowon -LRB- it may freeze -RRB- and you have to shut it off an put it back on , which in the big picture of electronics is pretty expectable.i bought the arkon car mount for it and now i have mobile video for those long trips or snail crawl traffic days.for the car i figured it would be great to get a bunch of music videos since you cant really watch a movie and drive this is a great option.anyone that see 's this thing is amazed by it . most people think all there is are ipods or rip offs of ipods out there.boy are they wrong . also i was worried that if i bought this somthing better would come out soon and make this look elementry , but this is not the case.its so far ahead that it will usable for years.its all you need.if somthing else comes out you wont worry because your already happy with your a2 . besides look at all the poor ipod sheep ... baaaaaa . make way for the lion called cowon
 I really wanted to like this product after reading the positive reviews found on Amazon , but to me the Cowon A2 left much to be desired . I 've been looking into purchasing a PVP for a long time but I 've held out because I was waiting for the one that had all the features that I wanted namely : - An excellent music player-A player with recording capabilities built in-An Intuitive user interface-Excellent screen qualityThe Cowon A2 achieved 1 out of 4 . Music quality is great on the Cowon , BUT , when I transferred songs over from my PC , there was a hiccup at the beginning of EVERY song . Also , this device is not Play for Sure compatible , which was not a deal breaker for me . It would have been a nice feature to have , however , and I 'm sure it will be a deal breaker for those who are suscribed to music services like Napster.The built in recording capabilities of the A2 were also subpar . Although they advertise they have a high quality mic built-in to the device , recordings tended to sound scratchy when played back . Recordings from a TV source were decent , but there are other devices like the Archos 604 that have the ability to record with s-video , and component cables , which I 'm sure make a huge difference in the quality of the recording itself.Navigating the A2 was a nightmare for me as most of it is controlled by the annoying little thumbstick . In order to make a selection , you have to click in the thumbstick . Most of the time I somehow ended up backing out . There 's a trick to it and you might eventually get it but it was still very annoying to me.The one place that the A2 shined for me was in screen quality . Videos that were transferred from my PC , -LRB- not recorded from a TV source -RRB- , looked awesome . Unfortunately , the very same video had horrific audio playback on the device . Although there was no problem with playback from my PC , the audio when playing the video on the Cowon constantly skipped , and for all intents and purposes , ruins the video.If you are planning on purchasing a PVP , do yourself a favor and look elsewhere . I personally think the Archos 604 would probably be better , but reading reviews on that product suggest music playback quality on that device is not that great . So that would leave the Creative Zen Vision W , but THAT device does not have direct line-in recording ... Sigh , I guess I 'll have to wait a little longer for the perfect PVP .
 I purchased the Cowon A2 a few months ago at Amazon for the purpose of viewing educational vidoes during the daily commute to/from work . Do n't get me wrong , this player has the best overall features in its category , and performed superbly the first week . Then the bottom half of the display turned into semi-transparent lines . Cowon 's website was no help . A firmware upgrade did n't help . Now today , less than 3 months after purchase , the unit died and will not reset . My usage was less than 1 hour a day 5 days a week . This is BS . $ 360 down the drain . I do NOT recommend this player .
 This is a wonderful media player with loads of features . The problemI have had is that it breaks after just a couple weeks of use . I havehad this model replaced three times and my thrid one broke the firstday I used it.Cowon A2 30 GB Portable Multimedia Player
 The unit is good looking and the LCD screen large clear and bright . I bought this unit to record videos w/camera attached . The toggle button used to navigate switches between icons easily but when you try and select one it jumps to another . The same way it does when selecting folders . When in record mode it fades out to a gray screen and turns to snow . Several times when powering up the top of the screen would appear in the middle of the display and the top part would be fuzzy . The most fustrating aspect was the customer service or lack of . There is no working phone number to reach the company . You can however submit a service ticket which is low priority and work in progress . After 2 Months of no contact I finally gave up and returned the unit to Amazon which replaced it . The new unit had all of the same faults plus a few more . Returned to Amazon for refund . If you are just going to use it for photos it is great if yo can get past the fustrating navagation process .
 Just until today , this product had been wonderful . Actually , I just deleted my old five-star review in order to write this one instead.What happened ? well , basically it got stuck . It would n't spin anymore for no apparent reason and I could n't get my CD/DVDs out . Nice ... This was n't the first time it got stuck but all the previous times the culprit was a CD halfway in through the opening.But today there was nothing preventing the unit from rotating yet it wo n't spin . It will only make some awful noise . I tried shaking it a little bit , still no luck.In the end I had to disassemble the unit getting several of my CD/DVDs scratched in the process and two of my fingers hurt.I regret having wasted my money and time with this product . Stay away from it for your own good .
 Like another reviewer mentioned , this product is great until it breaks . I was running it on Win 7 for about two weeks and suddenly it just stopped functioning . I understand the company has folded and support is seemingly nonexistent . I would spend a little extra and go with a product that is well supported . I 'm very disappointed in this machine .
 We had this for about half a year . It repeatedly would quit working and I would have to unplug it and reboot the computer about weekly . Then a message started appearing about a fatal error unable to retrieve file about every other day . There was NO support available for this . Finally at the end of its life , it completely quit working and we had to tear apart the case - this is NOT easy . There were disc casualties and injured hands involved.Now we have a Discgear manual retriever - it is very easy to organize and you do not have to worry about the computer file going bad , or having discs stuck where you can not retrieve them .
 We bought this knowing that it would help us organize the tons of dvds and cds we have in our house . We were extremely disappointed . First , there were NO INSTRUCTIONS ! My boyfriend works in an IT department and it took him an hour to figure out how the thing was supposed to work with sorry organizing software it came with . Honestly , we could deal with that . Then there was the device itself . The dvd/cd just `` rolls in '' as if you were rolling it across the floor ! Then , to expel the dvd/cd , a lever actually pops the side of the cd to make it come out of the slot.This is n't my idea of how to store my valuables . We will save our money and buy the way more expensive cd organizer also available on Amazon.com
 I had purchased serval of these units after reading some reviews on them . If you loaded them to their advertised limit all units eventually stopped operating . They just did not have enough power to rotate the drum . Also all were very slow to locate the disk . You might say you are not in a hurry , OK then go get a cup of coffee and maybe it will find the disk by then . Again this is only if you only fill the unit about half way . Sent them all back for a refund . Very disappointed .
 I had three of these stacked that worked -LRB- or stood fairly quietly -RRB- for about a year . Then I made two dire mistakes
 Never work ok , noisy , returned after a few days , very disapointed .
 I bought this a few years ago and had problems with it from the first . Discs would get stuck so it would n't turn . It was contantly haveing to be rebooted ... it would just suddenly not appear in the computer . Finally when it stopped working all together - after only 1 year - it was pure hell getting the discs back out of the thing.I have now bought a Discgear case that is manually operated and I LOVE it !
 AT FIRST I THOUGHT THIS ORGANIZER IS PERFECT FOR WHAT I NEED . THEN AS I BEGAN TO LOAD DISC AFTER DISC IT BEGAN TO HANG-UP AND NOT LET ME PUT MORE IN IT WITHOUT GETTING ERRORS . AS I BEGAN TO CHECK OUT THE PROBLEM DISC AND REINSTALL IT , IT HUNG-UP AGAIN AND BEGIN TO SMOKE IN THE BACK .
 this product is thing I have ever used it keeps spitting out the c ` ds I just loaded into it not to mention the fact that it causes all of my other carrages to screw up
 Buyers please beware if you think you may have questions about this item , or may happen to need any assitance if there is something wrong with your order . Please also note that what it tells you in the descritpion may not be what you are likely to receive.I ordered this product , but mine said in the description that it came with headphones that matched the skin as well as a lanyard . What I received was the Adrenaline skin alone . Do not get me wrong , it is a decent product by itself . I have , however made several or more inquiries to the company as to why my order was not the same as specified and have not gotten any feedback whatsoever and it has been several weeks . Very , very poor , in the realms of being NON-EXISTENT customer service . Please shop with caution .
 This version is VERY OLD ! The maps are from 1985 and do NOT include trail data . Get the Trails Illustrated maps instead , you 'll be MUCH better off !
 It has a great picture and good sound I really liked it , but I should have had a clue . Stamped on the front of the manual it says products sold as is . It lasted for about a month and that was that . I 'll try and contact Amazon to see if I can get it repaired . I should have know better . Amazon should have posted that they are AS IS !
 I just burn my twitter with it - just one minute ago . and I am mad . -LRB- This words are just for at least 20 word control . ^_^ -RRB- but this item S * uUu * ck 's
 This product didnt work at all . I should have trusted the other reviews . I received no signal through the cable at all . Just terrible .
 Do not buy this Cable 12IN DVI-D To DVI-D and HDMI it does not work ! Save your money . It does not work quite the way I thought It would . It is too clunky . The Sound does not convert so you have to use seaparate cables for sound .
 For one , the picture shown is not the actual item . Good thing I researched the part number listed . The part number is the actual item of two DVI and one HDMI . Well , I can say that the adapter did not really work right . It did not allow the computer signal out to my monitor on startup but it did work if I plugged it in after the computer already fully booted . But , the point of an adapter is not to have to keep unplugging and replugging delicate connectors right ?
 Not designed to repeat municipal or neighboring wifi without using a special protocol to associate the router allowing it to connect to the device.Not as flexible as open source DD-WRT flashed to a cheap wireless router . Yet , about the same cost . Lacks settings and flexibility in firmware . On a positive note , it can be used as a client bridge.Speed wise , wireless repeating is about unrealized even w / dd-wrt . But perhaps a wireless client-bridge coupled to AC wall-outlet wireless technology could accomplish the task .
 Very dissapointed with the Ipod selection screen . Im swapping this for the Fusion unit which has a scroll wheel and feels just like the Ipod . Also it wo n't take you two hours of clicking the next button to get to the T 's in the ipod ...
 I was n't expecting much , but am glad someone else paid for them . They are very flat sounding and uncomfortable for an extended period of time . Using iTunes to make a pretty sharp V pattern in the equalizer makes these very usable and helps alleviate the tin can sound . If I where spending $ 20 on headphones I would buy an entry pair of Sennheiser 's .
 Honestly , I was n't quite sure what I was getting into when I bought these headphones at a local music store on the cheap , but I was n't prepared fot the poor qulity of this product . The ear cups are designed to sit on top of the ear , instead of cupping it , and this leads to discomfort and sound leakage . The folding setup is too free-shifting and will constantly fold up as you try to put these on . The Cables leading to the earpieces are a bit on the fragile side , and the 6 ' cable is both a blessing and a curse . The sound comes through at a nice volume , but the treble is weak , and the bass is rather flatAll in all , i 'd recommend further research before deciding to purchase these .
 I wasnt expecting much . Just needed some headphones to save my Sony headphones from breaking so much . I wanted something to use at home while I let the Sony club phones rest . I knew for 18 bucks they would suck ... but I have headphone for my MP3 player better than these things ...
 Never worked - install software made winXP machine freeze , called customer service which was n't able to help ... gave up , opened up my computer and went with netgear instead
 I 've bought this blank audio cds from Costco . Try to burn them from my Itune music library , I 've burnt 12 cds , only 2 of them works , the rest 10 went bad , and no longer usuable.I 've burnt 1000 cds in the past before with several brands , few went bad , but not this ratio of failure like this Sony cds.One star is too much actually.Save your money , and buy other brands .
 The title says it all . Place one of these in a laptop tray , spin by hand , and see a spindle hole that is 1mm-2mm out of center . Burning at anything other than very slow speeds shakes the machine dangerously . Stick with Taiyo Yuden brand if you can -LRB- any `` Made in Japan '' discs as they are the only Japanese manufacturer left -RRB- . I subsequently purchasedMaxell CD-R -LRB- Photo -RRB- Pro Series With Spindle , 700MB/80 Minutes , Pack Of 25andMemorex 97998 100 Pack Cool Color 52X CD-R Spindle , and both work very well -LRB- both made in China -RRB- . Stick with `` Ships from and sold by Amazon.com . '' to make returns easy.I have written to the seller , and will post a follow up on how they handle the situation . Sold by J&R ; Music and Computer World dba NYC Electronics
 I am sitting here trying to use these in my burner to write a CD I just recorded . I am furious . Trust the people who write on here and tell you that these discs have a very high defect rate . I would say based on the experience of now having used 2 , 50 packs that the reject rate runs at about 30 percent . I have never seen anything like this and it is the last time I buy blank CD 's from Sony . This company should know better . Done with these blanks , they are mostly junk .
 I have a older audio component CD recorder that will only record disks with the CDDA logo . While these did have the logo , they would not record .
 I brought these CDs for my guitar lessons . My instructor records my lessons on to the CD . We could not get these CDs to record . My instructor had stated that another student had the same problem with the Sony CDs . These may work great on your computer but not in the application described above.I 'm going back to Memorex .
 I bought these blank cd 's because previous reviews stated the failure or unuseable rate was low . The first five I tried were rejected as unable to write to cd . The Memorex brand purchased at Best Buy work like a charm . Waste of money , really disappointed .
 So far since i received this 50 pack by mail i have burned 5 of them from my Itunes music library and honestly none of them play in my car stereo , the sound comes and go and jumps as if the CD was scratched . I never imagined Sony would make such coasters.I 've used the Sony CD-R before but the ones that came in a yellow pack and never had an issue with those.One star is too much actually.Buy a different brand.EDIT ****** EDITOk so just as i have the time to write a bad review i felt the need to say something positive , after 10 coasters i decided to burn musik at the lowest speed possible and so it worked , was it because this CD 's are different IDK but if you are having this same issue , try burning at a very slow speed and give it a second chance.Thanks
 I have been burning music cd 's in my 2 Sony CD recorders for several years now . Recently I bought a 50 pack of the Sony CD 's . They are a disaster . Sometimes 4 or 5 in a row will not burn . And sometimes after one is burned , it will not finalize because there is nothing on them . Id a `` Sony '' Music CD will not work in a Sony recorder , what is going on ? I have very few peoblems with Maxell and TDK music cd 's .
 I ordered these CD 's specifically for the `` digital audio '' capability . I have one of the Phillips CD Recorders from the early 2000 's ; I am using it to transfer cassette tapes to CD , and then the CD 's to mp3 's . However , the correct CD 's have been hard to find . I read the reviews , and thought that surely Sony was my best bet in being correctly advertised and a quality product . Not so . I have tried 15 of them , and NONE of them have worked . The worst part is , it seems as though they work ; you can record the full 79 minute capacity . However , when it comes time to finalize the disc reads `` 0 Tracks '' . It 's infuriating ! I used Verbatim CD 's and Imation Cd 's most recently -LRB- much cheaper too -RRB- ; however , technology has moved so far as to make these types of CD 's rare to find anymore . Guess the hunt goes on .
 I had Memorex CD-R and Sony CD-RW - both are supposed to work , but tech emphatically stated I must use Sony CD-R , so I 'm going to try ... the 5-n-1 will probably be returned . Nothing but trouble . It 's a new problem every time . My question is why there are so many ` types ' of cd 's and no glossary anywhere to explain what their ` letters ' mean . My vinyls and cassetts are dear to me and I would like to listen in my car which does not have a tape player , Newer model car only has CD . Very ticked off . !!! Do I need a PHd to find out about these crazy CD 's ??? I like cd 's from the bank much better . : -RRB-
 I 've used Sony blank cds before and did n't have any problems until I received this batch . So far two of the five cds that I ` verecorded have either blanked spaced or skipped for a moment or so ??? I do n't why , maybe I have a bad batch ? I 've cleaned my recorder seveal times with the same results , what can say . Since I have them I `` ll continue to record and hope for the best.Ed
 After using a 50pack of Memorex successfully , I decided to give Sony a try based on the rave reviews . I went through the first 15 discs off the top of the Sony stack before giving up . Every disc aborted the burn process with a `` Power Calibration Error '' . Never saw this error before with the Memorex discs I had used . I tried all the possible speeds -LRB- 8x , 16x , 32x without any luck -RRB- . It could be an incompatibility with my DVD drive -LRB- it is a Memorex drive , after all -RRB- , but I can find anything about the issue Googling , at least nothing that will fix it.Anyway , sounds like other folks have had better success so I would just avoid these if one is using a Memorex DVD 16X drive .
 I bought these to make CD 's from my iTunes playlists . I have thrown at least half the cd 's away because they fail to burn . It seems the first cd is always a fail the second cd is a 50/50 shot . I bought them because the price seemed reasonable , but the old saying `` You get what you pay for '' rings true here .
 Could n't get any sound but static . My ipod worked , but still had static . A `` no go '' with the Iphone . Do n't waste your money .
 I got these and the sound was so tinny and the highest volume level you could turn them up to was so low that I ended up throwing them away .
 I bought it for my wife over Christmas . She used is three times and then it shorted out . There is no base or treble . The product never worked after that . It cost us like five bucks , but it was a poor investment . I would not buy it again . It is not well made and it is designed to break easily .
 I 've had this tv for about 15 months . Up until about a week ago this tv was total greatness . BUT now I am beside myself I am so livid and doubt I 'll get another Sony anything !! It 's become almost impossible to watch because the tv loses picture and sound for about 30 seconds and then it comes back . The standby light blinks about 38-42 times while this is going on . Sony `` customer support '' was no help and it 's likely to fix it is going to cost an exhorbitant amount of money . This is the second Sony tv I 've had crap out on me like this .
 First let me say that the sound quality and the picture quality are above average for televisions made at this time . But it would be irresponsible for someone to sell you this television with telling you about the known issues associated with this model . First and foremost , the optical block will not last very long . This is the main image creating device for this model . To replace and/or fix the model will cost upwards of a thousand dollars . Also , the bulbs only last a few years if you 're lucky , and those run around 150-250 a piece , depending on whether you buy factor or after-market parts , and if there is service involved.Do a google search about the ` optical block ' and ` Sony Grand WEGA ' or ` kdf-55wf655 ' for yourself before buying this one . It 's a shame because when it does work , it really has a beautiful picture .
 Sony tvs have a design fault in the optical block that is uneconomical to repair . There was a big class action lawsuit . Sony showed itself to be a company with no real care for its customers . We are out $ 3500 after only 6 years of tv use . We also have 2 Sony cameras that failed prematurely . Sony does not equal the quality we all thought they were .
 this item is not a good eq to buy you it burn out after two days off used and now i can return it
 The device has a number of problems.First , it will not recognize large hard drives , though this problem can be ameliorated by creating a partition on the hard drive that is less than 32-34 GB in size -LRB- I made the first partition a 32-GB partition with FAT32 format on my Seagate 100 GB hard drive , and the Belkin bridge then recognized the portable hard drive -RRB- . I believe this problem may relate to the fact that most FAT32 drives are 34 GB or less -LRB- though many newer drives with FAT32 format , including my Seagate , was shipped with a 100 GB FAT32 partition -RRB- . Second , the device will not transfer large files -LRB- approx . 60 MB to 100 MB and larger , in my experience -RRB- . This is a problem if your camera takes video clips , which can be quite large . The file transfer simply stops when it hits a large file , and anything that has yet to be transferred on the source device -LRB- even small files -RRB- will not be transferred . This is an amazingly huge problem if a large video clip is one of the first few files on your flash memory card . If you only plan to transfer small files -LRB- e.g. , 5 MB -RRB- , this device still might work for you . However , while it the bridge is compatible with USB2 .0 devices , it only transfers at USB1 .1 speed -LRB- aka `` Full Speed '' USB , 12 Mbps max -RRB- , which is 40 times slower than USB2 .0 -LRB- `` High Speed '' USB , 480 Mbps max -RRB- . You could be waiting for some time for large batches of files to transfer.I originally thought my particular Belkin bridge might be defective , but Belkin sent me another one and I had the exact same problems . Given these rather basic problems in our current world of large files and storage devices , I 'd venture to guess that there may be other design defects with this device , so buy at your own risk . I also agree with the review below that this device -- given its USB1 .1 speed -- is already obsolete . -LRB- Fortunately , Amazon gave me a refund -RRB-
 This is a great little idea , but maybe not a great little device . It is n't compatible with NTFS USB devices -LRB- i.e. most modern USB external hard disks -RRB- , and apparently ca n't read some common USB accessories -LRB- for instance , my COWON mp3 player and some cameras -RRB- . It can read smaller/cheaper mp3 players and some USB cameras - but both source and target devices must be FAT32/vfat formatted , which makes those devices somewhat less useful with your computer . The documentation and packaging fails to mention this important limitation.Another thing the packaging does n't tell you is that this is a USB 1.1 device , thus the transfer rate is too slow for anything but small devices unless you have access to AC power and plenty of time.With USB-2 .0 and better compatibility -LRB- NTFS , and maybe some config software so you could choose the source and target directory/folder structure -RRB- this would be a great device at twice the price . In it 's current state it 's already obsolete .
 The Iaudio mp3 player did not recognize my cameras , so this was suppoed to bridge the gap . It recognized one camera , but not the mp3 player . I then bought the 20Gb FotoChute . It transfers from the cameras quickly , to the PC extremely fast , with no problems .
 This item does n't work at all . I tried it with 8 different combinations of devices and it worked just once . It is terribly slow just finding a device , and slower yet copying files . And then , it always has an error . Do not buy.I 'm sending my back for a refund .
 It took 2 hours to copy a 1gb of pictures from a 2-gb SD card connected to a USB reader to another 4-gb USB drive .
 Belkin Components USB Portable Bridge HubThe description on this item is wrong !! I called Belkin support to make sure this would work moving pictures from a digital camera to a Zune . They e-mailed that it would work . It did n't . I sent the Zune back . Belkin said it would work with an Ipod Classic . It did n't . I sent the Ipod back . After talking to support supervisors , and their supervisors , I called the company directly -LRB- in Compton , CA -RRB- The techie told me -LRB- in much better English -RRB- this ONLY works with portable hard drives , NOT with MP3 players .
 I never received my antenna mount . I paid for Priority Mail shipping , I was notified that is was due to be shipped out and that it should arrive Feb 6th . I never received it . After three weeks of calls and much arguing , I finally got them to do a refund with the promise that should the mount ever show up , I would return it to them . It still has never made it here . Personally , I believe that they screwed up and never shipped it out . I do NOT recommend Dog Star Radios .
 Unfortunately this item was not at all what I was expecting or wanted . Amazon did not have a pic , but I chekced other wesites and found the same pic on each one , none acturately represented the case.The exterior of the front is very feminine . It has stiching that makes in appear padded into diamond shapes .
 Ordered this product for a Chevy . AFTER it got here , I saw I needed another -LRB- no doubt very expensive -RRB- cable -LRB- not included -RRB- and the instructions said it was on their website . After a very frustrating and failed hunt for the cable , I emailed the vendor . I eventually got a message saying it was n't , in fact , on their site and to call to order . I could n't get them on the phone ! So . I contacted Amazon to send it back . Then the fun began . It cost me $ 5.00 to ship it back and , the company refunded only $ 66.40 of my $ 88.49 original purchase . Nice little profit for nothing . NOTE
 You should ask your self this question before you think about buying this Item . WHO is this Visual Land company ? This item worked wonderful until the 5th day . It did not work unless it was plugged in the wall . That could be the reason they give -- as they say a free wall charger.I emailed there co. and got a sorry but they left out the return confirmation number.Caution do no buy from this company no matter how attractive the price.Pay more money and buy from a name we all know is reputable .
 I really ca n't begin to describe how slow the transfer rate of the Lexar firefly is . The transfer rate makes it nearly unusable for anything but a few small files . It can take literally HOURS to transfer 500 MB if it is a bunch of small files you are transferring . It is a little bit faster with fewer larger files . However , I recommend looking for something else . I am very disappointed with my purchase .
 I loved this monitor , it had beautiful color and resolution every thing that I need for working on video editing . That is until it just went black in the middle of my project due in three days ! How could something held in such high respect be so lacking of quality . I took every step to ensure this monitor would n't burn out any time soon . It never sat on , never was left to burn the image , and always dusted and kept clean.Honestly , just to be fair I am sure I got one out of 500 that break . However I have to pay shipping to get it to Viewsonic for warranty repair/replacement ; that is not good service . Then after three seperate emails I am not told how long it will take to get it back and that if I want an express exchange to get one immediately , I am told they will have to put an authorization on my card for the retail amount of the monitor.Still no word from them on return time estimate . I would have to fear what the other person says about warranty service and hope that the $ 3000 computer I used this with does n't sit and waste in the time that it will take to be back at work again.We shall see , however I would not recommend this monitor nor would I buy another after my initial experience with it and the company .
 It 's probably a little late to say this now , but I found this , which was my first LCD monitor , to be very disappointing . At first I loved it , it was a state-of-the-art 17 '' LCD when I got it new , no dead pixels , just great . But after six months it started having random fritzing-out issues . Very likely a bad capacitor in the internal power supply . I was never satisfied with dealing with ViewSonic warranty service , and I have since moved on , but I just happened across the reviews here and wanted to give my two cents as another very disillusioned ViewSonic customer .
 Well , I purchased this monitor based on rave reviews for gaming purposes . Truly the monitor has been great with one exception
 Beware of Viewsonic Customer Service . I sent a LCD in for warranty repair , so far it 's been 7 weeks with no repair/replacement in sight . Check out Planar LCD 's if warranty service is important to you
 Since the beginning of the year , all monitors at the place where I work are being gradually replaced by Viewsonic VE710 units . It was my first experience using an LCD monitor on a daily basis , and after few weeks , I wanted to purchase one for myself . I decided on the model VP171B mostly for the DVI connector . After receiving it , I noticed bad pixels on the screen . I contacted Amazon and asked for a replacement . The new one arrived in three days -LRB- thank you Amazon , you rule ! -RRB- , and guess what ? Bad pixels again.I may not be the luckiest person but , what are the odds of getting two bad monitors in a row ? The only explanation I can find is poor quality control . Even though I liked the design and functionality of the monitor , I can not recommend it .
 I have two of these , thought they would go great in our office and Colo. . While it appears these should be good for a small office they lack usability . Here 's the issue , the Asa has 4 interfaces , I have three lans and the wan on each . I can not route from the 3 internal interfaces and have been on the phone with Cisco for almost a week now trying to get this working.My setup is - e/0 for servers 10.1.1.x net e/1 is for users , a 192.168.0.x net and a phones -LRB- ip -RRB- net . Then set each security level to 100 and check the box , `` Enable communication between interfaces with the same security level '' . Now one would think routing should work . but no . For whatever reason the device will not route as intended . I can get it to route for a few minutes then it dies.If you have a simple network this ASA may work for your office . But do n't expect it to work very easily . I even tried the setup in their easy setup guide provided with the unit . After overcoming the typo 's I still could not get this unit to work.I was able to get one unit working in very simple config , only have one LAN and one WAN connection with no internal routing or DMZ config .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM . PRODUCT BROKE AFTER 1-2 WEEKS . NEVER DROPPED , NEVER THROWN AGAINST THE WALL IN FRUSTRATION ... I 'VE CHANGED THE BATTERIES TOO . WISH I COULD RETURN IT !!! PROBLEM IS THE CLOCK STOPED TICK ` N , EVEN WITHOUT TAK 'N A LICK ` N. . . VERY BAD ... . TRY IT IF YOU WANT TO TAKE A CHANCE ... . BUT I DO N'T RECOMMEND THIS ITEM .
 My mistake , I did not look on dimensions of this clock before I bought it . It is bulky , would be very nice piece of equipment if would be much smaller . Besides , uses two batteries aa , first set was gone completely after one month , I was late to work because of that . Second set I have already two months looking forward to have another unexpected oversleeping -LRB- my last alarm clock was going on one battery 1 year -RRB-
 I did n't have time to return them and took it as a loss .
 Using a charger that is this fast will tend to exhaust your battery before its time .
 I purchased a new Sony KDE-37XS955 37 '' Widescreen HDTV from Amazon , at full price , on 3/21/05 . Amazon delivered the TV on 3/30/05 as promised in good packing condition . After unpacking and setting up the TV we turned the TV on . The sound was good but the picture was unrecognizable . Per Amazon policy I called Sony.Day 1
 You may want to consider another brand of point and shoot 35mm film camera . We purchased this camera a little over a year ago , suddenly last week it would no longer load film . Being just beyond the 1 year warranty , we contacted Canon Service for information on repair . We were instructed to send the camera to them for evaluation . We received a phone call from them indicating the camera could not be repaired as they did n't have the parts . They could n't even offer a replacement of the same camera . What they did offer was the 150U model for $ 88 with only a 6 month warranty . Based on the reviews here , it sounds like the 150 is not altogether great either . Up until the time the camera quit functioning it took good photos and was easy to use.I just think for $ 100 a camera should last more than 15 months and be serviceable . This just seems too much like planned obsolescence to me .
 I recieved this camera as a gift and while it worked alright for outside pitcures , in many of the indoor pictures , the flash caused the lighting to be drastically uneven .
 Why is n't the purchaser informed the camera comes without a battery ? It 's the first camera I have ever purchased which required a battery and was n't delivered with one . Because of this I am not able to rate this camera.I have tried to turn the camera on to no avail . My wife also was unable to turn the camera on . So , we have presumed the camera has no battery . Neither of us were able to open the battery compartment to verify the absence of a battery because evidently neither of us has the required strength to do this . I shall take this to a camera store sometime this week to check the camera out . I placed a roll of film in the camera but nothing happened when I closed the case . The film was not taken up . The number `` 1 '' did not appear on the screen indicating the camera was ready for action . What more can I say ???
 Save your money . This item may be cheap compared to the others on the market , but you DO get what you pay for.The battery charged up once , but will not take a second charge . I contacted the seller , Eforcity , via emailseeking a replacement , but have not received a response .
 This is an after market battery manufactured my whom I do n't know . It does not keep it 's charge very long and in fact just attached to the camera with all switches off the battery will still drain . It is OK when you first start using after a charge but them the charges dissipates very quickly . I did not get the same length of charge out of this battery that I get from the original Panasonic . On the other hand I paid a lot less for this battery . I think I 'll stick to a name brand the next time .
 Received battery in a timely manner . After charging through the night , the battery cut off every minute during taping . I was very disappointed as I missed most of my son 's soccer game and I threw the product in the trash .
 This battery is not compatible with the panasonic video camera hdc-sd9pwhen inserted and turned on the camera displays battery incompatible and shuts off
 This wrap is seriously flawed on a many levels.You would think it 's a pretty simple to design a wrap sheet , right ? The shuffle is essentially a rectangle with rounded corners - how hard would it have been to include a template that you can import into PhotoShop/Elements or any graphics app?Instead ... a -RRB- the software you need to create the wrap only works on a Windows machine.b -RRB- the wrap is so oddly and wonkily designed so that you can not even just use another software app - you have to use theirs ... which again only runs on a Windows machine!c -RRB- it 's NOT even a complete wrap - it only wraps around the middle portion ? WTH ? It 's not like they 're saving us any money since you throw away about 95 % of the sheet just to get at the middle 5 % that does n't even go all the way around the shuffle ?! Next time , they should wait to actually BUY a shuffle themselves and then design a wrap that goes all the way around instead of guessing at its dimensions and playing it safe by designing it so it only wraps around the middle of the shuffle.It 's unbelievable that they released this work-in-progress . They sell other wraps - I would judge them VERY carefully before buying again .
 Wish I had known that this would n't work in my printer . So much for that plan .
 I have purchased this camera and it stop of working after 3 months , -LRB- I wrote The first review on amazon for this camera -RRB- I have lost my money : -LRB-
 I have purchased this camera and it stop of working after 3 months , -LRB- I wrote The first review on amazon for this camera -RRB- I have lost my money : -LRB-
 I 've owned the Ti for two years . I 've taken many good photos over the past two years , and really enjoyed the quality of close up pictures with the included lens . I have been disappointed a few times with taking landscape night photos . Even when the camera is sitting still on a flat surface , its still hit and miss with a long exposure.Recently , the very tiny plastic piece that latches the film cover closed broke , rendering the camera useless . Once more it did n't break from a hard drop , or massive hit . It simply broke after I set it down on a table . Even though I 've had the camera for two years , I 'd say I 've only gone through less than two dozen rolls of film . So it ca n't have broken from excessive use either.Luckily I bought an extended warranty and will not be out $ 300 , but now I think I may make the move to digital . If you want to stick with 35mm , the Canon rebel series is good while it lasts , but be sure to protect your investment with an extended warranty .
 When I ordered this product , it was said to be 24pcs in the order . When only 1pc was delivered for the price , I was really upset . Guess that you have to lie in order to sell your product . Geeze !
 This package was shipped irresponsibly . It arrived in what amounted to a shoe box and had holes ripped in it . I had to return it .
 I did order my Dell Flat Monitor and was not according to the displayed as advertised , I reviewd the model and realize that I received a totally different model . I did send the dell monitor back to vendor and still waiting for my money reinbursment .
 Some three button combinations do n't work at all , particularly combinations of ctrl , shift , w , a , s , d. Issue is with the keyboard itself , same issue in Windows or any word processor .
 I bought this case three months ago and it has not proven to be that tough . Within a week , the top lid sides did not meet properly so that you had to spend a few minutes fiddling with it . Then , three weeks ago , one of the locking clasps fell off between leaving my plane and leaving the airport . So far the manufacturer has not stepped up with a new one or an offer to repair it FOC . I should add that it has been on THREE plane trips and has never been placed in the checked baggage section .
 I purchased my Minolta two years ago . After about 1 year the flash housing came apart , and now the camera 's EVF and LCD displays went completely black -LRB- no images displayed -RRB- . The same has happened to Mad Max 's camera - read his review . The charge to repair is in excess of $ 350.00 . I would dump the camera but do n't want to contaminate the land fill .
 Reasonable price , good flexibility but some focusing issues and a real killer-I get an `` error '' message frequently -LRB- perhaps 90 % of the time by simply turning it on -RRB- . The thermal circuit attempts to protect the camera-even when stable at room temperature . I have not cracked the code on getting support . This problem is difficult to work around . Bad enough not to recommend this product .
 When I purchased this camera 3 years ago -LRB- 2003 -RRB- , it was about as close as you could get to a dSLR without forking over $ 2000 to buy one . Given that context , I would have rated the camera 4.5 to 5 stars at the time.But now , with so many new , affordable dSLRs available , I could n't offer more than 2 stars.Some time in the last 6 months , after sitting unused for about 3-4 months , my CCD suddenly went out , causing all images to appear in an odd shade of purple . Needless to say , it will costs several hundred dollars to have it check out ... The autofocus is far too slow by current standards , and shooting moving objects with autofocus is next to impossible . Although the zoom is a true manual ring/gear mechanism , the manual focus ring is electronic , and therefore not as tactile or responsive as a true SLR.The camera is quite a battery hog , so I nearly always run off an AC adaptor or an external battery back.The good things : Great image quality -LRB- when using low ISO -RRB- . Convenient 7x optical zoom -LRB- 300mm equivalent -RRB- Easy to use , with many onboard image processing options.Built in Quicktime movies with audioDirect output to A/VFairly quick dumps to high-speed CF cardsBad : Evidently the CCD is not built to last -LRB- see previous two posts -RRB- Tripod mount not centered along axis of lensSlow autofocusBattery hogManual focus is not truly manualSummary , I 'm probably going to toss this in the back of the closet and buy a Canon Digital Rebel XT ... -LRB- For a bit over half of what I paid for my minolta ... -RRB-
 I purchased my Minolta Dimage 7Hi new 2 years ago . Performance was fine up until two weeks ago when the camera 's EVF and LCD displays went completely black -LRB- no images displayed -RRB- . Contacted Sony -LRB- where you now have to go for Minolta service -RRB- as instructed and found that the base flat rate for repair was $ 211 plus $ 22 shipping . They got me once , but they wo n't get me twice!MadMax
 I bought this camera based on positive reviews by other . The camera came defective right from the box -- the memory card can not be ejected from the camera . I called Minolta twice for this problem . The first time they said they would send me a form to fill up for repair and service . I waited for a week and nothing had happened . I then call again and the operator bluntly told me that they were not going to send me anything . But they would E-mail me a `` request for service '' form . Then I am supposed to find my own way to send the camera to their repair center . If I choose to ship the camera to repair center , they explicitly disclaim any cost nor any liability from shipping and handling.I am very frustuated that Minolta would take such an indifferent approach to their defective products . I find their attitude and product warranty policy totally unacceptable .
 I would warn anyone of buying any minolta digital camera if they are at all concerned about manufacturing quality and customer service . I bought a Dimage 7hi nine months ago and had several rubber pieces fall off within the 1st two months . One of these was the surface for the manual zoom function on the lens . When this came off and allowed dust into the underlying plastic mechanism -LRB- yes plastic ! -RRB- , the plastic piece broke rendering the zoom lens useless.When I sent this to Minolta , they told me they would not honor the warranty because the camera had been `` used a lot . '' In fact , they would n't even acknowledge poor workmanship for the rubber piece and charged me repair cost for the whole thing minus 30 % . Please let your readers know what they are getting into if they buy a minolta product ... as for me , I will never buy one again !
 This is a wonderful camera that produces extremely high-quality photographs -LSB- images -RSB- and is easy to use . The problem is that the quality control is inadequate . The USB connection on the camera was installed improperly and was wobbly and loose from the get-go . It functioned , so I worked with it , but it eventually failed completely after just over 30 days of use.Without that connection , the camera is useless . For this reason and even though the camera is a terrific unit , I would have to advise the purchase of something that provides a bit more reliability in everyday use . This is a $ $ $ item that functioned for just over one month . Not good .
 I love the features of the camera . However , after carefully following instructions about battery charging 4 times so that they would hold a charge , I have recharged them 6 times and they will not hold a charge . Even when they are fresh , they will not power the camera . It 's going back to the store tomorrow for a refund . I am not interested in getting a brand new camera fixed . It is one week old and is obviously defective .
 The item arrived with display spoiled . It is impossible to set it.I 'm really upset with this item . I was the firt bad experience buying eletronic equipment through Amazon web site .
 I own one of these , but , fortunately , I did not buy it at this outrageous price . First of all , it 's NOT an iPod Nano , just iPod Nano-sized . Therefore , it does not guarantee an Apple-like quality for videos , etc. . It 's sound quality sucked ! The video quality sucked ! And to add insult to injury , you ca n't change the earphones because its jacks are made specifically for the earphones provided ! Second of all , it crashes easily . I bought mine -LRB- for US $ 5 in Hong Kong -RRB- , and it broke after I loaded about ten songs on it . Also , after I uploaded a thirty minute lecture , it just crashed . It refused to reboot or restart . Thirdly , it does n't play certain videos . Most of us have . avi and . mov , but this only accepts . mp4 , so a conversion is required.In conclusion , do n't buy it . Save up for a real iPod nano or iRiver . Anything but this !
 Where do I start ? Sound quality is poor . The only movies it will pay are AMV , which is some obscure format that hardly anyone knows about . The manual says there is an AMV converter to play your movies on it but it is not on the CD . The AMV converter I downloaded for free does not format the video correctly , therefore , the video just stops playing or the sound is garbled . MP3 sound is noisy and unclear . They tried to do too much with this little player and none of it works well . The only good thing I can say is that it is inexpensive . I would only recommend this for a child as a toy and if they break or loose it , you 're not out IPod type of dollars !
 Okay , so I got this thing because it was a super cheap alternative to the iPod - I even called it my `` oPod '' -LRB- off-brand iPod -RRB- . I found , however , that I got what I paid for in this product . Though it sports a list of features including MP3 , MP4 player , FM radio , games , etc , the firmware on this product is junk . The GUI -LRB- graphical user interface -RRB- is cluttered , slow , and not at all intuitive . Also , I think the programmer was from Hong Kong because the quality of the english both in the manual and in the program was very low.I could 've gotten over all of this but for one problem - The battery refuses to charge . I let it charge for several hours before use , as was recommended , but found when I turned it on the battery was only half charged . I did my best to use the manual to find out what was wrong and found that to charge it has to be turned on . So I tried again with the unit on this time , and after several hours it was still not charged.On top of that , it uses a 1/16 '' jack instead of a standard 1/8 '' for headphones , meaning I had to use the amazingly low-quality buds it shipped with.Long story short - DO N'T BOTHER WITH THIS PRODUCT . There are plenty of cheaper alternatives to iPods , buy from a reputable brand .
 do n't waste your money on the Caddy for VHF radios . It 's a plastic holder that attaches by suction cup . That works great out in the ocean . Too bad it 's not worth the postage to ship back . Oh yeah , thanks for the sticker that says mayday means problem . Bad on me for not reviewing it closer , but why ???
 I had a great time with this camera for about 6 months . It has been in to be repaired once already - when zooming , the lens got stuck and would not close .10 months later , it is doing the same thing . It wo n't take pics anymore . I just checked the sony site to see how much it would cost to fix - one hundred and eighty-one dollars . ridiculous . I am all done with sony . we have a lot of sony products and none are of the quality we would expect .
 Geez you can buy a decent lens for that kind of money ... this is a filter with a diffraction grating . Must be hand made and signed by Clark Gable . -LRB- Hollywood -RRB- There is no description so how are we to know just how special this is?update ; they now have included a description , but have lumped all the sizes together . Now if they can only produce enough quantity to get the 58 mm + prices down . I 'm assuming that the 52mm at $ 40 is mass produced . Adding $ 60 for a 58mm -LRB- 6mm more for over $ 100 -RRB- ??? hence the comment `` must be hand made `` please no lectures on the definition of a review , -LRB- Ali -RRB- Take the comment for what its worth . I own over $ 5,000 worth of camera equipment and about $ 150 worth of that has been `` invested '' in 9 different star filters of varying sizes and effects . -LRB- they incidentally work just fine , and can be combined for different effects -RRB- Sometimes you can justify cost on a single item such as this , if it suits your needs and gives you a desirable/unique effect . Is this product worth the money ? I confess , I do n't know ... but it looks like no one else wants to spend the money to find out either .
 I purchased to waterproof case for my new iPod Classic a couple months ago , and it never came . I was really excited to get it , and I kept tracking it . When it still did n't come I decided to stop checking every second in hopes it would come soon , but I forgot about it . So I just remembered it today , and thought I would ask about it . I got it cheaper because I got it from a different seller than amazon , but I got it through amazon . I do n't remember who the seller was that I got it from and when I check my order status , it does n't show up unless I search for it . After searching for it , if I click on a link , it will go to a different order I placed . I suppose this does n't really count as an idem review , but i need to know how to contact the seller if it does n't say who i got it from . Thanks : -RRB-
 Pioneer has proved beyond a shadow of a doubt that their reputation for quality and good service has been replaced by shoddy craftsmanship , dishonest/incompetent support , and literally criminal treatment of their customers.In my case , I purchased a Pioneer internal DVD-RW drive , which proved to be defective within 2 months . The Pioneer website clearly stated that certain drive models had `` issues , '' and would be replaced immediately . My drive was one of these models , and I immediately sent it to the company for replacement . After two weeks without word of a replacement , I emailed Pioneer customer service , and got no reply . I then called the Pioneer support line . I was told first that my drive had not been received , to which I said that I would contact USPS and collect on my insurance for the drive . Suddenly the story changed
 ... and buy a GPS instead . I agree with previous reviewer -LRB- Dave57 -RRB- , I WOULD NEVER BUY A SUUNTO AGAIN . Worst than Dave , I simply got caught in heavy rain during a hike and my Vector was full of water , could n't even tell the time . I send it to Suunto Finland for repair and they say that it leaked from the housing and `` kindly '' offered a repair for 140 Euros .
 I had a Suunto for 10 months . The face scratched VERY easily which was disappointing . However the worst thing is after swimming in a pool that I could stand up in the watch FILLED with water and died . On returning to Suunto they refused to fix it under warrantee because swimming is not covered ! They say the forces created by swimming are to much for this watch and it was never designed for this purpose , despite the sales literature saying it is water proof to 100m . I WOULD NEVER BUY ANOTHER SUUNTO PRODUCT . Whatsmore the shop I bought it from say they have lots returned for the same reason and non of them were fixed under warranty either . It is also very difficult to use and you can not hear the alarm at all .
 I got a vector 3 years ago and was very pleased with it most of the time . The altimiter is not very useful because it is based off barometric pressure so your reading will vary wildly and you need to keep resetting it . The big flaw with this watch is that in 3 years the face has broken twice . The first time the bezel broke off . Luckly it was still under warranty and they replaced it . Now the faceplate has cracked and is letting moisture in . I do n't use the watch for any crazy sports , it 's just my everyday watch so the fact that it is broken astounds me . Sunnto have a minimum $ 85 repair charge , which could go up , so at this stage I 'm bowing out with two watch failures in 3 years .
 23 years of Army service and 4 Suunto watches . Cheap G-Shock watches have lasted much much longer ! I have had to replace 5 bands all in the period of 4 -5 months . I have had 3 of the 4 Suunto 's shut down in less the 30 feet of water . -LRB- Suunto claims they are water resistant to 80 meters on thier advertising however when you return them after they stop working in less then 10 meters they claim the warranty does not cover swimming . Hmmmmmmm swimmers and divers usually look at the water resitance of a watch to mean they are water resitant while swimming . Unless I am messed up and doing it wrong ... do most people wear the watch on thier wrist or do they just drop it down in the water and go back to check to see how deep it is or how much time they have spent in the water . Anyway , enough ranting on a cheaply made but exspensive watch that the company does not care enough about it 's customers to replace or fix it under warranty . Thanks Suunto........G-shock has won my service back.Suunto Core Wrist-Top Computer Watch with Altimeter , Barometer , Compass , and Depth Measurement
 I bought this watch with the HR monitor addition . I 'm in the Army and I thought this watch would be a great asset to have with me on the Medevac . I could n't be more wrong than if I went into war with empty mags . The heart rate sensor worked only once and that was indoors with no sweat involved . The day I got it was the last day it ever worked . The compass , now that 's an issue that that is unacceptable . It constantly quit regestering after walking only 10 feet . I was trying to be patient and give the piece of junk a minute to get it 's bearing . It did , I think , I did n't have a second compass to verify at the moment in my yard . I walked a few feet in a strait line and once again it went blank . I 'm too pissed off at this point to even consider trying any of the other functions . I now have a 400 dollar stopwatch that might be able to tell me if I 'm running up hill or down , who knows.That lens protector that they offer , and yes I bought it to `` protect my so-called do-it-all watch '' , is the dumbest crap I have ever seen . It 's a 1/4 '' thick piece of clear silicone that sets on top of the display . It 's hard to see the data being displayed on a good day when it is dry and clean . Everything can get under it and cause more damage to the crystal and makes it impossible to read anything on the watch.I have to say I 'm sorry that I bought into the hype and listened to my fellow soldiers who are also starting to have the same issues with their Sunto 's as well . Finland , you should be ashamed to have your name on this klind of performance .
 Terrible experience . The watch never worked and I HAD TO PAY TO RETURN IT !!! I wish I could comment on the actual product but since it was defective I ca n't . However , I can comment on the terrible customer service and way they conduct business by not accepting responsibility for their defective products.Great doing business with you !
 Honestly , for me , the watch is a disappointment . I should have paid more for a better model from a different company.Cheap construction and a bad sensor for the temp . They should put a crystal in the face , or atleast some higher quality material . I have had it for a month and it is already a mess.I have always had my eye on a Suunto and when I finally bought one it turned out to be a waste of money !
 I am pretty technical , but this watch is very very difficult to use . I just wanted to check my altitude for skiing , and even when I figure it out , I have to read the manual the next time I ski
 Since its been a month and the store has yet to send me the watch its a little hard to rate a non existent item . Im sure the watch is awesome , but the store sucks . Dont buy from it
 I have a Suunto t3c and like the watch so I thought I would like this 1 too . I was soo disappointed in the watch 's looks . I opened the sweet looking box and saw this lump of plastic looking at me , and I put it right back in the box . I knew I was going to return it next day . Well , as it sat on the table it kept saying `` dude come over here and at least try me on I will look better on your arm '' . My curiosity gave in , and I went and tried it on . Now it 's just a big lump of plastic on my arm . I went to print out the Amazon forms and saw I would eat a $ 5ish charge and I hate to waste money ! So I said maybe watch is n't so bad . I went over and looked at it again , and even took it to my chick and asked her about it . I told myself if she said it was ok I would keep it , and I figured it would grow on me . She agreed it sucked hard , so I ate the $ 5ish charge . But at least I do n't have an ugly watch on.If you were wondering what I expected from this watch , I expected a metal bezel . Even the back is plastic !
 Incredible that a manufacturer can produce a watch that is not backlight . That means at night the watch is not illuminated hence the watch can not be read . It requires you to push a button for 2 seconds and then the watch will illuminate for a whole five seconds before it goes dark again . I thought they invented this technology in the 80 's . The watch was a pain in the ass to use at night and almost worthless and I ended up sending it back .
 I bought this watch approx the end of May last year . At the first of January the numbers would fade away when I pressed the light button . I assumed the battery was going bad and replaced it . The problem was that I was home on leave , my last day . I returned to Afghanistan and the watch started to zero out . I would wear it for a few hours and the time would go to zero and flash . It will no longer keep time . I have not abused the watch as the price I paid for it is a little steep and I would not take the chance on destroying it.When I looked online to return the watch , I found that I have to send it to the nearest service center with the receipt for purchase . I am in Afghanistan , this is not an easy option for me . I loved the watch when it was working , but now it just sits in a footlocker . Way too much money for gear that you cant use !
 The watch generally works okay for backpacking and higher altitude hiking -LRB- my uses -RRB- until it fails . One quirk
 In my case , it was a total waste of money ... `` It does n't work '' After numerous calls to Command support and sending unit back for bench chk , problem was not rectified with no solution from manufacture ... It will not auto switch to fax when online , which is the main reason for purchase . `` Does n't work as advertised '' It went into the garbage .
 I istalled this product last March and it has since failed . When I try to connect to the internet , it makes the connection and wo n't give back the phone line when I disconnect unless I actually pull the power adapter . Also , when a fax comes in , it goes to answering machine and does n't make the connection to receive the fax . At least I can make a phone call . 8 months of service just is n't what I had in mind when I purchased it . In addition , I havent been able to find a link to contact ComSwitch to see if they 'll do something for me as far as repairs , replace , diagnostics , or what ? .
 This line switch is junk only had it a year and it is not compatible with caller id and absoutly no phone or emauil support from the manufacture . now it crackles when i talk on the phone and if i tap it it goes away SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY ANOTHER BRAND THE ONLY REASON I GAVE IT 1 STAR IS BECAUSE I HAD TO
 Warning ! When you buy this product you will no doubt receive as I did an `` Operator 's Guide '' inviting you to contact the manufacturer , Command Communications , in case of further difficulty . The only problem is that their website turns out to be a Spanish grocery store , their Customer Service phone was `` out of service '' -LRB- now it will offer you a loan if you call -RRB- , and emails get no response . I wanted to and thought I could get it working and persisted with the extraordinary help of my ISP . But to no avail . As a result of this -LRB- plus a new and unexpected diagnosis of a serious cardiac problem -RRB- left me requesting a return to Camsdigital 10 days late . They refused and it was upheld by Amazon and my appeal was denied almostly instantly . -LRB- Did they even take the time to read it ? . -RRB- Surely Amazon and their dealers are aware of the CS3 .0 problem by now but they continue to leave their prospective customers blissfully ignorant of the situation . This is a new low in Amazon service.This denial far more than the dollar worth of the claim has seriously eroded my confidence in Amazon and no doubt will do so with other customers once this behavior comes to light . This deservedly will impact Amazon 's bottom line negatively . Incidentally the price of the ComSwitch 3.0 is now $ 158.90 , compared to $ 88.76 -LRB- with tax -RRB- which I paid in March . Is this how they get rid of a diminishing inventory from a defunct manufacturer ?
 I order New and I got used with no plastick rap I trayed one see if it will work but unfortunatly did not so I trayed to contac the seller wit no luck , until I contact Amazon and then tehy answer back . I dont know if Ishould use Amazon again
 Biggest issue is that while we 're talking on the phone and another call comes in , the device interrupts the ongoing call with an overly loud busy signal . The call is n't ended but it 's very difficult to continue a conversation . Also had a problem answering calls from phones not directly connected to the device . The device did not detect that the phone had been answered and routed the call to the answering machine .
 This is probably the worst camera I ever had ! Not only was the screen dominantly an orange and red hue but it says it has a microphone ... and it does n't . Just trying to play the videos themselves is a very hard chore ! In fact , I was n't able to play them at all ! I could only take pictures but a not a real video . I 'm returning this item and I am going to find a better one than this !
 Not since Milton Sawyer accidentally uttered the imcomprehensible phrase `` web ... cam ... '' in 1812 has there been a more pathetic excuse for a webcam.Logitech should be ashamed for themselves . They should know better . I actually trusted this company based on speakers , keyboards , and mice ... until now .
 I am not very happy with this , according to the direcions , and the web sight , the gamins Quest should find addresses , and points of interrest like hotels , resturants ect . but it does not , almost like it it missing some of the programming . I tried to get help online , but none is availible . I would probebly like it for off road use , but for turn by turn in a car , it just sucks .
 Maps really are n't detailed enough to use . It just gives you the general idea of where in the area you are . It does not compare favorable with any other GPS I have seen . This product has been disscontinued by Garmin and now after all the money I have spent , I know why . Do n't buy it unless all you want to know is what city you are in .
 I 've had my Swurv5 now for 2 years and when I first got it , I loved it . Its very small , light weight and the fact that it doubles as a USB drive makes music transfer really easy -LRB- just plug in to USB port , computer recognizes it as another hard drive , and drop in your music -RRB- . The reason I only give it 2 stars is for 3 reasons . 1 . -RRB- It uses a proprietary cable . I lost it and could not find it anywhere , including on the support web site iclickdigital . 2 . -RRB- The slider control is now broken on my unit after using it to navigate from folder to folder . I 've been pretty light on the touch so to see that it is broken now is very discouraging . 3 . -RRB- The support for this device is virtually non-existent . There are some chat rooms on iclick 's website but no one could tell me where I could get a replacement cable . The bottom line is although out of the box , this is a great player , there are cheaper , more sturdy , and better supported mp3 players out there .
 This player is nice , but it 's probably not worth the time it could take to get a working one - it took me 6 weeks ! The first player would not turn off , and would not sync at all - not very useful . I asked iClick/McGowan to cross-ship a working player , and the rep lied to me saying they would , but then all I recieved was a return box . I returned it promptly , but they took weeks to do anything , and when I called , I found out that my returned item was `` sitting on -LSB- someone 's -RSB- desk '' . I then asked for next-day shipment , and they said they would `` try '' , instead they sent it cheap ` ol first-class USPS . That shipment got `` lost '' . Finally , they overnighted a replacement , but 3 weeks too late for me . I fear what will happen when this flimsily-built , but feature-packed , player goes bad under warranty .
 I purchased the iClick Swurv5 from Amazon for my wife 's birthday . I based my choice on the excellent reviews given by other users and its reasonable price.Basically , I wanted a player that was WMA compatible and would synch easily . My wife does n't do complicated . She loved the size and style of the Swurv5 . The USB connection was straight-forward enough . But when we tried to download songs from Windows Media Player the love affair ended . Of the twenty-two songs in her playlist , only two would download.I tried contacting iClick and they were very , very helpful . They suggested downloading only a few songs at a time . That did n't work . After going back-and-forth for a few days without progress , I thought I should tell them exactly where I was getting my WMAs -- iClick had never thought to ask . Once they found out that I was getting my WMAs directly from MSN Music , they seemed to know what the problem was.Apparently , there 's more than one kind of WMA and MSN Music sometimes uses DRM ? in their files . The Swurv5 ca n't handle DRM.iClick suggested downloading songs from another service . I wondered why `` WMA compatible '' did n't include MSN Music -- Microsoft 's standard from Microsoft 's store . Maybe the Swurv5 works great with MP3s but I 've never used them.Short story . My wife loves her new iPod . Her first synch downloaded one-hundred & thirty-eight songs without a hitch.Two stars for iClick 's customer service -LRB- they were really great -RRB- .
 First of all this is made of such cheap plastic it 's ridiculous . Second it says on the box it works with Windows 98 but the driver files do n't show up on 98 SE . Then their customer service is terrible . I 've e-mailed 6 times in the past 3 days and have n't recieved any usefull help . They just ask me over and over what version of Windows I 'm running.I had this rush shipped so I would have it for vacation . Well , I leave tomorrow and the darn thing still does n't work .
 It did n't work right and wanted to return for exchange , but I had to pay for return . Return postage was half the cost and what if the exchange had the same problem ? So i just kept it .
 I bought this because I wanted to add a second LCD monitor , and my five year old Dell computer 's onboard video only has one output . The original monitor looks and works great with the onboard video card , as does the new widescreen monitor , but both the original LCD monitor and an old Sony CRT monitor look blurry when connected to this card , even with the correct drivers for card and monitor , and running the monitor at its native -LRB- 1280x1024 -RRB- resolution.It 's a cheap outdated card that I thought would perform well enough for web browsing , but I 'd have a hard time recommending it even for that . I do n't know , and do n't have the motivation to find out , if it does n't like to coexist with another card , or with the latest Windows XP hotfix , or the moon phase when I installed it.I did n't spend enough money on the card for it to be worthwhile troubleshooting , so as soon as I find something that actually will work , this card is destined to join my collection of dead hard drives , motherboards , and other obsolete components in the cactus garden .
 I have not been able to use the video card . I installed the card and tried to retreive the drivers from the CD but windows xp sent a message saying `` no valid driver on the disk '' .
 I believe in dedicated video memory . This machine belongs to my brother and as a computer techie , I got to support it for him for I 'm guessing four years now . He has been using it with a wired network as a desktop replacement . No problems except the wired network adapter failed after all this time . I went to switch to the wireless network and it does n't work . Research shows it is supposed to have a wifi adapter built it , but the on-off switch does nothing and there is not `` on '' light as depicted in the manual . So either that is broken , or else he got screwed buying a machine that does n't have a wifi adapter like the labels say , or else it never worked.I gave it two stars for the lack of dedicated video memory and the networking problems . I 'll update this review later after I take the machine apart .
 Headphone jack was became defective within 1 week . Unit did n't come with any kind of clip , strap , or lanyard to hold it . Earbuds were the useless kind that wo n't stay in your ears . Not recommended .
 The picture shown is for a USB card with a dongle but that is not what you get . It is a standard CardBus to USB2 .0 adapter with the connectors fixed on the end of the card . This is a Amazon issue I have run into in the past where the add showed a 7.1 version of software but the actual store only carried version 7.0 . If you look closely you can see that the card pictured is for a Mac but what you get is the IBM compatible version . -LRB- no dongle -RRB-
 Bought this card to add USB 2.0 ports to my laptopso I would get higher data transfer rates from myexternal hard drives.Bottom line is that the card does n't work . The drive isrecognized , but Windows is not able to read from it.The drive works fine on the USB 1.1 ports of the samelaptop and on USB 2.0 ports of a different system.I also tried a USB stick with this card , and operationis flaky . Sometimes Windows can access the stick , sometimes not . Sometimes data transfer is fast , sometimes not . Very disappointing .
 This is not a good source for pictures . I have read the book numerous times , and tried every conceivable setting , to no avail . My pics are fuzzy beyond repair . I am now shopping for new camera before I lose more important memories of my kids.Video camera portion seems to function fine , although , it 's a lot of money for just that piece .
 I have Dynaudio BM15A studio monitors . They weigh 41 pounds which is well under the specified weight limit . My studio control room floor is carpet.The spiked feet OnStage provides for carpeted environments did not install easily and are not long enough to be effective on low pile shag . The lack of solid footing makes the triangular base precarious . The slightest bump into these stands will cause them to topple over under the weight of heavy monitors like the ones I own.They would probably work fine for smaller monitors or on solid floors . In my case , however , they are not working and downright dangerous .
 First of all I have to say that the stands shipped and arrived on time so that was great . Now for the issues . First of all the stands came with no set-up instructions in the box . Second they included several cord management clips made of cheap plastic that appeared to have snapped off the poles . These clips would never have lasted any type of movement during setup let alone being sloshed around in a box . Third the height adjustment mechanisms for the stands were good however when trying to make the necessary adjustments for each stand they were not even . Once the the height was set to say 38 '' on one stand , you could not set the other stand at the same height adjustment because the holes used to stable the poles were drilled incorrectly . I 'm sure I 'm not the only one who noticed this . WTF ... how am I supposed to set-up my studio monitors at ear level if the stands do n't have accurate height adjustments ? Just bad manufacturing is all I can say . And fourth , the carpet screws that were to keep the base of the stands in place could not be screwed into the holes provided -LRB- they did not fit -RRB- . I must say that the actual stands themselves were made of pretty hefty metal so they were difinately solid but once you tried putting all the pieces together that 's when the realization that what you purchased was n't quite right ? I would not recommend these stands to anyone.Update 3/5/12 - I 've had these stands for almost a week and just wanted to give an update . Although I stated that this was the worst purchase I 've ever made on Amazon.com I was able to work with these stands and get them to do what they are supposed to do -LRB- stand there and hold my speakers !! -RRB- which they do ! After making a few adjustments they work fine now . So if you are willing to live with some minor problems with these stands then by all means get them .
 The upper pole and plate are fine , but the base is way way too small . It should be either a standard PA tripod or twice as large and square on the base . For the price I paid , I could have bought two pair of pro tripod stands , two mounts , and bolted a piece of black painted plywood to the top ... and had four stands that worked instead of two that do n't . At the moment I simply took the top pole off and put it on a pair of pro tripods and it 's working fine , but that 's a lot of money for just a pole and a plate . I would only recommend considering this product for very light speakers -LRB- preferrably with a base smaller than 9 '' square -RRB- on very hard floors ... without anyone or anything around that might bump it .
 The Sonstage SMS6000 does NOT come with instructions and in my case one of the screw does not screw into the hole on the bottom after 1 turn . It 's threading is plastic , not metal , so I do n't want to crack it . It has alot of plastic pieces which hold the cables which also came smashed with the unit . With all the great stands out there I ca n't recommend this as it 's tilted with the cables showing .
 While I can not hold Amazon.com responsible , when the box containing the stands arrived , the box was crushed and torn - good thing these stands are made of pretty sturdy metal . What I got
 Studio monitors are usually over 20lbs . Heavier than a frozen turkey . If you did not know , a fall with this weight is enough to break the bones in your foot or do grievous harm to a loved one . You do n't want to live with these stands . I used 28lb JBLs on this stand with carpet spikes leveled out and they wobble at sitting height . It became painfully obvious that these are potentially dangerous . I would not put anything over 8lbs on these to be honest , they are `` rated at 100lb '' but this claim is ridiculous . I have also used Onstage 3-tier keyboard stand and it also wobbled . I will never buy from this company again . I thought I was getting a great product this time , but nothing they make seems good enough . I wasted all of my christmas money . I will caution you again , do n't put anything remotley heavy on these . If you have 6 or 8 inch studio monitors these will not be good for you and could hurt someone . Industrialized garbage .
 All the metal parts of the stand look sturdy , however , one of my stands was not welded correctly made the pole quite crooked.I did n't mind the plastic feet being broken when I got them , but these did n't even perform well as stands .
 This unit has several nice features however I was not impressed with the battery life . I spent about 21/2 hours learning how to use and loading this unit . The next day after playing for 11/2 hours the battery was dead . The second battery lasted 31/2 hours . Then I tried a rechargeable which lasted 21/2 hours . I do n't see how the manufacturer can say 12 hour battery life . Additionally , the manual was of little use .
 I purchased the unit and found that it eats batteries . I would use it one day for an hour return the next day and the battery is dead . The machine was off and the hold button on . I went through a few batteries before deciding I had to take the battery out after every use -LRB- that 's a pain -RRB- . I complained and was told to return the unit with an RMA . I did and two weeks later the same unit is returned to me with the statement they could not reporduce the problem . I can do it every single time so I could not believe that . The battery that they put in the unit to return it was dead and it was off with the hold on . Wonder why that is if there is not a problem ? -LRB- Sarcasm -RRB- I am returning it . I really like the features and would like one that works but they told me it was working correctly so I am frustrated . 1 battery per day is too expensive for me.Yours may work but I would hate to bet on the customer service resolving the problem if it does not work.Other problems included the unit turning off by itself -LRB- crashing -RRB- and then I had to find where it died to listen to the right song or right place in my book . Just a pain in the bottom . That problem would occur after listening for 10-20 minutes . Again maybe just a bad unit but I was told it is working correctly.Other things - nothing in the doc to tell me that you can only have one directory deep and up to max of 99 directories . While my Windows Media Player creates 2 directories deep for my albums the first one for artist and second for album . I had to find the problem on my own and that took a few hours.I like the idea of the unit and its features a lot , the size is nice too , I just want something that works .
 I like the model of this unit but the poor quality of it just get on my nerve ! This toy just turn off by itself while playing music . Very furstrated ! Amazon would n't replace their bad product because they said it has passed the return period -LRB- within 30 days -RRB- .
 I do n't know if you were supposed to get pads or not , because I never received any . The helmet is great though , and the jersey ifits perfectly , but i will grow out of it in a month . Overall its great but again where 's the pads ??????????????????
 I purchased this laptop in March 2007 . In less than two weeks time it crashed . After many hours on the phone with tech people in another part of the world , who were unable to fix it , HP told me to send it back to them , which I did . It was restored to factory , I lost everything , and started again . Approximately 3 weeks ago it crashed again . I spent more than 10 hours on the phone with HP tech people in another part of the world , who were unable to fix it . Again they told me to send it back . I stated that at this point I could never trust it again , and I wanted either a new laptop , or my money back . They will not give me an answer beyond that they do not replace the laptop after the first 15 days . I can pretty much guess this laptop will never make it past the warranty , and I 'll keep losing everything , at this point . I keep writing e-mails , and calling , and they keep promising someone will call me within 24 hours . No-one does . Not only am I asking -LRB- I think reasonably so -RRB- for my money back or a new laptop-but also that the warrant time be tolled , since I am completely without a working laptop . They keep playing these games . I even contacted US National headquarters in Palo Alto California by fax and phone . This customer service man from that office acknowledged to me that he has a Mac at home -LRB- which is my primary computer-but not one I can use for work training purposes -RRB- . He told me there was nothing he could do , but that those who could provide an answer would contact me within 24 hours . Of course , again , that was another lie . I would NEVER EVER buy this product or any other HP laptop . They clearly are unethical and could care less about their customers . I do n't want anyone else to be hurt .
 I would like to express my dissatisfaction w / my Compaq computer . Merely 3 months after I had purchased my laptop , it broke and would not even turn on . I sent the laptop back to Compaq for repairs and received it just in time to take my law school finals . I turned in on exactly three times since then . Once to download the test software , another time to check my external floppy drive , and a third time to take one of my tests.When I attempted to turn on my computer to take my second final exam , it would not turn on . It acted in the exact same way it acted the first time it broke . I had to handwrite a test that was worth 95 % of my grade , putting me at a significant disadvantage to the rest of my class . My laptop has been unreliable as has Compaq 's service in fixing it . After I sent it in , it took 3 weeks to fix and it still broke again . When spending such a significant amount of money on a product , I expect it to be functional as well as dependable . The first time my computer crashed , I was forced to buy a new ibook while this one was being fixed since law school requires that one has a computer . However , our exam requires Windows in order to run so I was forced to use my '' ` fixed '' Compaq.This time when it broke , I was unable to have access to another computer since this occurred during the test . I immediately had to pay $ 90 in overnight shipping to get another laptop to me so I could finish taking my exams . Anyone who finds their laptop to be a necessity in their life should not buy a Compaq because one can only wonder when it will crash and become completely inaccessible.Even when it was working , it would constantly freeze up or be extremely slow while running prgrams . I will never buy another Compaq or HP product again .
 Ok so I was on a budget , I quess I got what I paid for . This is a budget laptop and let me tell ya it shows . This thing is slow !!! It freezes . The DVD/CD player on this thing is a cacophony of studdering sounds . I do n't know if the audio driver needs to be updated , or I just got a malfunctioning laptop , but the sound on this thing is horendous ! Even when windows starts up the opening sound is jarring ! Ever watch a movie where you could only hear every other syllabe ? thats how this sounds . I kind of was hesitant to buy a compaq since I have had family members in the past who had bad experiences with a compaq . I should of listened to my gut . Compaq computers in my opinion are trash.So why 2 stars ? Well there are some great things about this laptop . The image quality of the DVD playback is superb , better than my Desktop ! I am quessing because this laptop is in widescreen format and since most my DVD 's are anomorphic , I get that extra visual enhancement from having a wide screen display . Also this comes with wireless network wich works out real nice . I also like the location of the USB ports on this computer . Video games play a lot better on this laptop then I thought , despite the obvious problems I have been having with the sound.I have only had this laptop a day and I am already thinking about returning it or exchanging it for something else , I hope I can fix the audio on this thing .
 I have had mine for a year and in that year , I have had to replace the hard drive , the card reader went out and the fan is so noisy.Sent it back to HP for repair and the card reader still does n't work , the fan is as noisy as ever.I have enjoyed the computer , but it should not fall apart so soon . Sorry , no more compaq 's , it 's apple from now on .
 Mine had a problem with jerky video within the first several weeks and it never was fully resolved . An okay machine for doing work . But unsuitable for applications that demand video performance . Last of all , AMD really fell behind in the chip wars here and the battery does n't last very long .
 I do n't want to rate this product , since I have n't used it . I had to , though ... I just wanted to share with everybody that this product still does not come with a charger . I received them , left them unopened upon not seeing a charger , called customer service -LRB- they did n't do anything about the posting -RRB- , and sent them back . A waste of time and effort and extra hassle and waiting to get the money back . Do not get mislead by pictures or descriptions .
 Does not compare with Motorola . The range was poor . Interestingly , when I pressed the call button , that was transmitted but the recipient could n't pick up my voice and vice versa . If they work for you , then you have a good deal . But not for me .
 These radios have good sound , some nice features , the usual fraction-of-listed range ; but the batteries are the real puzzle . I 'm using brand new hybrid rechargeable AAA 's ; on a full charge , after two or three hours of intermittent use , both radios were drained -- or so they said . But when I took the batteries out , and put them into two other Uniden radios -LRB- different model -RRB- -- they ran and worked for at least another two days ! This behavior is reproducible . Sometimes , if the `` drained '' batteries are removed and put back in , the radio goes back to working as if nothing had happened . Really mysterious ; I 'm going to have to discard them , because they 're not reliable ; a shame , really .
 The battery packs in these walkie talkies last for about an hour only - I am very disappointed in the quality . We need them for emergencies throughout the day - this is a farmed animal sanctuary - non-profit and we can not afford to purchase new batteries after paying for these already . I am willing to change my review if we get new batteries . They came on time - they are good quality - other than the batteries
 I bought these 2-way radios thinking they came with charging units.NOT !!!! Amazon should send everyone who bought these radios under false pretense 8 rechargeable batteries .
 I understand that the 15-mile range is based on GMRS and ideal conditions , but I have not been able to get more than 1 mile apart with reasonable communications . I did get just over a mile but the call function did n't work and the conversations were quite static-y and choppy.Otherwise , I guess they are fine , but do n't count on any kind of `` long-range '' use .
 Boy , are these radios useless ... I really should have checked here before I bought them . I live in Los Angeles , and the radios only worked within a two block radius . The battery , advertised with a 16 hour battery life , managed to last less than five minutes . Do n't waste your time and money on these !
 Item was advertised on Amazon as in stock . I placed order online and received confirmation from Amazon . A day or two later I inquired with `` Tiger Direct '' and they informed me that they do n't have that item in stock and probably will not get anymore . They said Amazon 's website was not up to date when I ordered and the item was not in fact not in stock at that time . Very poor service from Amazon.Amazon did credit my card after a complaint to Tiger Direct .
 I bought this is hopes that it would actually work , but guess what ? It does n't . At least it was cheap . Do n't bother .
 The product photos are very , very misleading . Anything bigger than a point-and-shoot , even my lightweight Sony NEX or a speedlight , will cause the top ball joint to tilt and the unit to topple over.The plastic links in the legs do n't fit tightly enough to make this as versatile as , say , a real Gorillapod .
 The head joint was n't sturdy , and could n't support my light . My cat walked by and tipped it over , breaking off two of the legs . Talk about fragile ! At least I did n't waste too much money on this thing !
 This tripod barely lives up to its name , and although it 's very affordable , you 'd still be wasting your money by purchasing it . The ball-and-socket design of the legs lack the rigidity that 's required to have a steady and stable shot . It 's difficult to position , and the boot that attaches to the camera easily unscrews itself . If you have anything larger than a point-and-shoot this is not the tripod for you . I wish I could return it .
 Wo n't even hold up my camera without a lens . Not worth the trouble to return though . Maybe I can use it to hold up a business card or something . Anything heavier causes it to fall .
 Legs do n't bend as well as they should . Screw came off inside my camera and had to use pliers to get it back out . Guess you get what you pay for . I bought this instead of the Gorillapod . Will probably buy one of those to see if its any better .
 I bought this item as just an add on to many other items . I have two problems with the first one I could live with and that is that the legs are a bit to flexible to hold a camera.The second one that is more serious is that the holder is very hard to make stick to the rest of the tripod , just a por fit , it slides out very easily , with the risk of dropping the whole camera ... It was cheap but not worth the money
 The connections between the individual pieces are way too loose . This will not hold up a camera of any size or weight .
 The joints on the legs are not tight enough to support the weight of an average camera and it wo n't stand up for more than a few seconds . However , the legs seem to work fine when grasping things and supporting the camera .
 If you want a gorrillapod ... get a gorillapod . do n't go cheap and get this , it 's absolutely horrible . got one , opened it , went to adjust the legs right out of the package and it broke . no camera , no stress , just broke.not worth it
 Though this product looks exactly the same as the more expensive gorillapod made by Joby , it is clearly inferior . This was evident as soon as I received it in the mail . The unit feels very light and seems to be made from a lower grade or thinner plastic . The joints are very weak and do not stay in place very well unless the camera 's weight is perfectly balanced by all three legs . I found myself readjusting the positioning constantly . The Joby 's joints are much stiffer.Having owned the original gorillapod I was looking for a cheap replacement when my Joby broke after 2 years of use . I thought I 'd save some money by ordering this `` flexpod '' instead . HUGE mistake . It broke after one day . I 'm not really sure what happened , I heard something snap while I was positioning my camera in portrait mode . Now the ball joint that connects to the three legs is no longer stiff enough to support the weight of my camera -LRB- a Lumix DMC-TZ5 -RRB- . Orientating my camera into landscape mode , it simply succumbs to gravity and then proceeds to fall over on its side . Luckily the tripod broke towards the end of my day so most of the shots that I needed it for had already been taken . Had it been any earlier in the day I would have been even more upset with myself for buying this piece of junk.I 'll save you the trouble of trying to rationalize this purchase . Currently its running around eight dollars including shipping . The original Gorillapod by Joby costs around eight dollars more , so twice as much . I bought this thinking , well if it 's crap then I 'm out eight bucks no big deal . Except for the fact that if it turns out to be crap then I 'm also out whatever amount I spend to replace it . I 'll likely want to get the REAL gorillapod and now I 've spent twenty-four dollars in total -LRB- 8 +16 = 24 -RRB- . If you 're a stubborn person -LRB- or a gambler -RRB- you may choose to purchase the same crap product again hoping not to get a lemon this time . But guess what ? You have now just spent the equivalent amount of money had you purchased the Joby in the first place -LRB- 8 +8 = 16 -RRB- . The only difference is that you now you have two crap tripods -LRB- one of them broken , and the other a ticking kodak moment ruining time bomb -RRB- instead of one fully functional tripod.Imagine the following scenario which actually happened to me this past weekend . You 're out in the middle of nowhere hours away from civilization , on a remote beach waiting to get a perfect shot of that glorious sunset you 've been waiting for all day . Your tripod suddenly fails . How much would you pay to preserve the priceless memory of that moment ? How much would you pay for a working tripod right then ? If the answer is `` more than eight dollars '' give yourself a pat on the back and move on . If your answer is `` less than eight dollars '' then my followup question to you is
 Bought it for my solo trip to Europe . Broke on the first day , during my layover , BIG FAIL . Do n't waste your money . I should have listened to those other unfavorable reviews .
 Total piece of junk . There 's not enough tension in the tripod for it to hold anywhere for any length of time . I actually wound up taping it to the handle of my golfkart but then the screwmount separated from the hinge ball it connected to.There may be a good flexible tripod out there , but this sure is n't it .
 The one of the legs of my particular Flexpod Flexible Tripod came off as soon as I started flexing it . I emailed my complaint and request for replacement but to no avail .
 After a few months the legs became loose and it was hard to get the camera in place . Eventually one of the legs broke off . Dont waste your money .
 This product works ok for small cameras . I put my camera on the Flexpod Tripod , smaller than the one shown , and it would not stand up . The legs are very flexible and would not hold up the camera .
 The tripod broke as soon as it was taken out of the box . Moreover , when I put it to hold my Canon T1i it just could n't handle the weight . Just returned it .
 I bought this for my Canon 6D and it will not hold the camera up . I bought this specifically because the pic shows it holding a SRL .
 It bends too easily when you put weight on it . You can only use it about an inch from the ground .
 It has no value . It ca n't carry my cannon sx50 , You can use it as decoration , there are n't other uses .
 This product is useless . Bought from Etekcity and it lasted 30 seconds before one the legs broke off . After reattaching the leg , it could n't hold the weight of a compact digital camera , let alone an SLR * with or without a lens * as displayed in the image . The plastic joints came already worn with white plastic stretches on * every * hinge . Hugely disappointing.DO NOT BUY .
 I bought this thinking it was a lot bigger . . It definitely ca n't hold an SLR . It can probably only hold a little point and shoot , but a tripod is n't really necessary for anything with a point and shoot.Waste of money .
 Got this tripod for a travel workation that I had coming up . First , although I paid for a 2-day delivery , it arrived after 8 days so I could n't take it on my trip . -LRB- The vendor , on complaining however , refunded the difference between the regular shipping and the standard shipping rates . -RRB- The tripod itself is very lightweight and so suitable for pocket digital cameras weighing maybe less than 200gm or about half a pound . Since the product description did not mention this limit I ordered it for my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ28 , a slightly heavier camera . The tripod had difficulty maintaining position - specially if the legs were wound around a pole or a banister . The head would just droop in a couple of seconds rendering it completely worthless for my use . I just wish the vendor would have clarified this in their product description so that I had n't wasted my time and money purchasing this product .
 I bought this product to use with a tiny little pocket camcorder , the Kodak ZX5.The product is made out of many many little balls that all click together . The issue is that none of these balls have any tension , so as soon as you put any weight on them they all collapse and the camera falls over . The screw which screws into your camera mount is also very short and never stays in . Not only does the camera bend and swing because the rotating ball is constant ; y loose , but it swings because the screw will not properly tighten.The only way to use the tripod is to lay all of the legs all the way down so they are spread out like a cat stretching in the afternoon sun -LRB- a 3-legged cat since this has 3 legs -RRB- and then be sure to film something far below where you place the tripod , since the weight of the camera will cause it to fall forward and will not stay up.This thing was absolutely useless . I figured because I had a tiny little camera that this would do a good job but that is NOT the case . I am now just going to buy a real tripod because at least aluminum legs are n't going to bend and fall over.Avoid the Flexpod Flexible Tripod .
 The image do n't represent the real product.It 's very tiny and it ca n't hold my speedlite , btw if you need it for a small point & shoot camera it 's ok .
 This tripod is really cheap , it does n't hold a regular DSLR camera -LRB- mine is Canon Ti3 -RRB- . The picture is misleading .
 Got this yesterday and could n't use it . I bought this because it was a cheap way for me to take long exposures with my little Panasonic point and shoot camera . This tripod is useless . Once the camera is mounted on the tripod , it tends to droop to one side or other . The pivot ball at the top of the tripod is n't stiff enough to hold the camera in place . If it were tighter , I think it would work fine . Waste of money .
 This product did not hold up to my needs . The clip broke the second time I used it ! Not good for holding on sideways , only on a level surface .
 The main downfall about this flexible tripod is that you can not adjust how tight you want the legs or head to be to prevent movement . Could not hold my D5100 to save its life . Stick to this for pocket cameras .
 I bought this for a Sony Bloggie , seeing how it 's a compact video camera . The screw is too short to hold the camera . It was a complete waste of money .
 it does not hold a camera like the pictures shows . they should write the weight limit in the description so you know if it will actually hold a camera like the one in the picture . it does n't ! :-LRB- it works with my little nikon cool pix but it wo n't work with my nikon d5000 since it weighs too much .
 I thought it was gon na be like the gorillapod ... I got a dissappointment ... not as stiff as it should be has come apart where the joints are connected ... sorry I bought it
 The title says it all . I do n't use my camera much , but I wanted something that would allow me to take pictures of my wife and I during our travels . This tripod broke after a very short time and my camera fell on the ground . Luckily the camera still works but do n't take that chance with yours !!!! The part that broke was were the mount for the camera -LRB- screw -RRB- and tripod meet . I even tried to super glue the piece back together just to see if it would work -LRB- without my camera attached of course -RRB- ... then another piece of plastic broke off ... wow !!!
 I thought is was going to be larger because of the picture of the large camera on it . I am very disappointed .
 Cleans floor ok but leaves a sticky film on the floor that everything sticks to , including tracks from walking on floor .
 As soon as I tried to slide the voltage switch upon unpacking , the plastic switch came apart and popped out . Cheap quality Monster product , with poor plastic manufacturing . They used to make good speaker wires as far as I know . I ca n't say much for this or any of the other products in the `` brand '' .
 I should have listened to other reviews from various sites , but I did n't . Shame on me . This cable started falling apart two weeks after I received it . It completely broke three weeks later . It 's not very durable at all . I would definitely recommend something else .
 I 've had this cable for a little under a year . It was connected to my PS3/Xbox 360 for a while . One day , out of the blue , it just stopped working . Since I had n't touched the cable in many months , I assumed it was my 360 . They 're notoriously unreliable anyway . I exchanged my 360 and the new one had the problem , too.Finally I tested the cable with my mac mini and it turned out that the cable was just dead . The odd thing was that the little red light was still coming from the cable , meaning it was getting * something * in but it was n't getting it out . Very disappointing . Avoid this product . There are higher quality * and * less expensive alternatives out there .
 Nice cable , but there are two problems with the adapter
 I purchased this item to use with my ipod to connect to my a/v receiver via optical . I qould have rated it better if it worked , but it has n't since . I will leave an update when I contact tech . support at Belkin or Amazon .
 I received the Aquapac yesterday and what a joke ! For that much money I expected something a little more substantial and I was actually embarassed to show it to my girlfriend -LRB- yes she laughed -RRB- It 's nothing more than a clear rubber bag with a nice waterproof seal . You stuff the camcorder into it and film through the rubber . Over time I would expect it to get scratched up to the point where the video quality would suffer even more . With proper care and feeding it should live longer though.I would pay $ 20 for this product and be happy with it , at it 's current price though it 's getting sent back . At this point I think my solution for a dust/splash shield will be to buy some good quality sandwich bags and a lense filter.The bottom line is if you need something waterproof , spend the extra money to get a good product that will last . You 'll be wasting your money with this expensive plastic bag !
 SAVE YOUR MONEY , DO N'T BUY IT , IT SUCKSI purchased this product and was very dissapointed with it , i found it to be absolutely useless.The handling of the binoculars are difficult , the focal view is limited and the camera sucks , meaning that you ca n't get a decent quality photo and what photo you do get ca n't be enlarged with any quality at all . What you see through the binoculars when you snap a picture is not what you get with the camera.This product is one of the worst that i have found so far and do n't recomend it to anyone that is in to photography.If one could rate this product LESS THAN ONE STAR it would be a plus for this product .
 First off , anyone with Windows XP should NOT buy this product . The driver on the installation CD is not for XP users . You must go to Bushnell 's site to download the most current driver . Once you follow the very detailed ` driver uninstallation ' steps , then you can install the new driver . However , after following those steps , the new driver still does not allow PhotoSuite 4.0 SE -LRB- the version shipped with the binoculars -RRB- to access the camera.I have spent hour upon hour on Roxio 's site , and discussion board , to attempt to find the resolution for this . There appears to be none . Bushnell does not offer any technical support for the PhotoSuite software , and Roxio does not offer any technical support for the binoculars . It 's a nasty Catch-22 , and it 's the reason I no longer own the binoculars.They were great to use as simple binoculars , but as a digital camera , I have no idea how good they were . I never saw the images after I snapped them!I would give this product ZERO STARS if I could .
 Excellent idea but Bushnell really fell down on the job with this one . My fiance bought this used for $ 10.00 and now I 'm glad she did n't pay anymore for them.It 's my job to figure out any new gadgets she gets so I went to Bushnell 's site first and after some browsing , I found the binoculars and there was a manual available in PDF -LRB- it shows the camera functions only -RRB- but no drivers to be found . Luckily the disc she got with the purchase worked !! She has Photoshop already so all I installed were the drivers from the CD onto her XP Pro computer . There is absolutely NO DOCUMENTATION on how to get the pictures off the camera so I opened Photoshop and used import and sure enough Bushnell was there . I clicked on it and the Bushnell software came up but it 's a `` by guess and by gosh '' process to figure out how to transfer the pictures from the camera into Photoshop.Once transferred , I checked image size and it was 640x480 at 1mp per inch , so scenery is visible but I have my doubts as to small animals etc.Another thing that irritated me was that I could n't get the 2 sides of the binoculars close enough together to get a good view , in other words I had to look through 1 lens at a time . I 've never had that problem with a pair of binoculars before.Bushnell has always been a good name but they sure could n't prove it with this product.Buyer BEWARE !!!!!!!
 I have a Dell computer with a 600 meg processor runnung Windows98 SE . After loading the Bushnell software , it tells me to insert my Windows98 SE disk for a needed driver but when I do this , it says that it can not find the required file . I contacted Bushnell tech support and they took about a month to e-mail me with advise , which unfortunately did not work . I can not comment on the quality of the photos , but can say that if you have WIndows98 SE , I recommend that you avoid this product .
 The driver disk that I have will not work anymore , so I figured that I could download it online . However , it is not available anywhere for download . Now I am stuck with a product that is useless to me . Do not waste your money on this or any other Bushnell product , customer support is non-existent !
 The camera with this unit was hardly worth it the low cost . The optics are fine for the price , but built in camera was useless . Unable to obtain a clean shot . I brought it to try this out in the back yard and take some pictures . I figured if I like it I would invest in a more expensive model . In hindsight I should have just saved my money and buy a better model . Buyer beware !!!
 I think the people that are giving this product 5 stars must work for Bushnell of the software company . It absolutely does n't work . Do n't buy this if you 're doing so for it 's digital camera .
 DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM ... you would do better just throwing you money out of the window . I was so excited to take some distance pics and tried to upload to my computer -LRB- XP -RRB- and then i got a message `` device not found '' even though I had loaded the software . Well , then I went to the bushnell site and went to the trouble shooters section where i found instructions on how to load the more updated drivers ... well that did n't work either ... i spent over 3 hours fooling around with this stupid set of binoculars ... now , i am ready to throw `` them '' out the window .
 Complete crap . The installation as mentioned in many other reviews was next to impossible . I bought my mother this before she went on a trip to Alaska , thinking she could bring some nice close up shots to complement her other digital camera shots . But that was not the case , after spending hours trying to get it installed on XP the files were not even the right format . The picture quality was horrible . This product is a joke , I wish I could get my money back , the only good thing about it is that the binoculars work . Better off just buying a pair of those , skip this product and save yourself a headache .
 Either I got a defective camera/binocular or they 're all horrible . Several of us tried using it to get a picture with any decent -LRB- even for email -RRB- resolution and were embarrassed by the horrible results . It 's a nice little binocular but a horrid camera . Hopefully others fared better than I did .
 The binoculars worked fine , but I have no idea how the cameral worked . We have 3 computers -LRB- laptops -RRB- with 3 different operating systems - windows 2000 , vista & windows 7 . The drivers provided on the CD would not work with any of these . I called Bushnell & was told that there were no available updates . So unless you have a very old computer , I would n't buy this model .
 This product was out of date ... camera did not work . Contacted the Bushnell company to speak with customer service and they said that this was a discontinued Binocular because of a defect in the camera . Seller DID return my money . Am VERY SATISFIED WITH SELLER AS FAR AS RETURNING MONEY but the PRODUCT itself DOES NOT need to still be available to buy .
 Got this as a present . Right off , the drivers would not install , the link to get updated drivers did not work . I emailed them requesting support , never heard from them . I am able to take `` pictures '' , but they are distorted and of poor quality . If you ca n't do anything with them , what is the point . Same your money .
 This will not be a long review , as it really is n't needed . The optics for the binoculars are fine - one can get to reasonable , mid-distance views through the viewers . However , this is an expensive price for binoculars that are merely okay . Those can be had at one-half to one-third the cost . Also , the housing for the camera and the battery is awkwardly placed ; I have difficulty bringing the binoculars fully to my eyes as the middle-piece battery/camera bumps my nose.The camera is not very good . The hope of course is to get reasonable quality images from a distance , and the pictures here are sub-par . I 'm not convinced that the focus control for the viewing element of the binoculars does anything to the camera 's focus , but rather that it is set at a one-size fits-all focus ability that really has difficulty with anything close or really far away.The software is clunky and unhelpful . The ability of the this binocular/camera set is supposed to allow it be useful for video feed and internet streaming video , but the focus is poor , and it is not very practical to sit 40 feet or further away from the computer.Not up to the expectations , I 'm afraid .
 When I saw a similar binocular/digital camera combo I knew I had to have one . When I got out to my local Best Buy , this was pretty much the only one they had in stock , so I bought it . It cost me about $ ... , a great deal I thought.When I got home I took some ` pictures ' of some potted plants in my backyard . When I loaded the software onto my computer , the problems began . There are basically no instructions on which piece of software included is the one you need to load . Having Windows XP I just tried to load the driver . This did not allow me to access the built in memory , however , as you can with most devices . So I loaded up the other 2 SW modules and went about trying to find the bushnell 's pictures . Again , there are zero instructions on actually using the software to offload pictures from the binoculars . Even once you learn how it is easy to see that the software seems like it 's from the 80 's , and would be more at home in windows 3.11 . Not to mention that when you get to preview the thumbnails the dang camera is streaming video into the software while you try to copy them over to your computer . I ca n't imagine a situation where you would need to stream binocular-image video while tethered to a computer via a USB cable . Oh , and all the pics are stored as BMP files . I mean , who uses BMP files for Pete 's sake ? Every digital camera I know of saves JPG or TIF images.It was daylight when I took this first set of pics , but all the pictures that I took came out very fuzzy . I had taken several where the binoculars were sitting on a table top when I carefully pressed the ` snap ' button . Even though I could see the plants clear as day , these pictures too came out too fuzzy to recognize anything.Ok , so I just figured I needed to adjust the focus a little because the camera was more sensitive than my eyes in terms of focus . In general , just get used to using the thing . No harm , no foul . I took it to a concert that night and took all 134 pictures I could on the higher quality setting . The 3-in-a-row picture feature was nice , and because you can be a little shaky pressing the button , it makes you feel like at least 2 out of 3 will be fairly stable pictures . I could n't wait to get home and review the pictures . Was I in for a shock , I did n't believe my eyes when the thumbnails loaded up , so I copied all the pics on over to my PC and went about opening them in batches of about 20 . Out of 134 I got 6 that were even recognizable , but they were again way to fuzzy to justify saving them . Now , although the performers on stage were well lit with bright spotlights , 98 % of the pictures taken came out as solid black frames with a smattering of colored pixels smeared across them . It 's as if I tried to use the thing in outer space or something . I was completely horrified that none of the pictures from that once in a lifetime event were anywhere near worth saving . What a bummer!So , in summation , the binoculars are decent and compact . And they produce a nice image when looking into them . But do n't even think of trying to take a picture . And again , I can not iterate enough how out-dated the software is . I also can not think of how these even made it to the market ` working ' like they do . After all , if you knew you could n't take a picture with them , you would just purchase binoculars right?Needless to say , I promptly returned mine for a cash refund the next day . I hope my tragedy of an experience saves a few of you from buying this product . Maybe there 's another one out there which works better . We shall see ...
 I love this idea . Take a picture of what you see thru a binocular . However , this camera has it 's limits . Not only could I not review the pix -LRB- til I got to my PC -RRB- , the image was NOT what I saw . The yellow bird in the tree , became the tree with a yellow leaf , maybe.The binocular is Great
 Was hoping to use this item to get some good shots of birds . Unfortunately , after trying 100 shots -LRB- and download to the PC -RRB- was not able to get a single decent clear picture . Too low a resolution ... too fuzzy ... Not sure if this is because I could n't keep that little unit still or whether the default highest resolution just is n't enough . We already have a 3x digital camera and several decent pairs of binoculars , so will try to return this unit since it just does n't work as a camera .
 I wanted a cheap pair of binoculars with nice magnification and got these because the image capture seemed like a bonus . The binocular quality is fine but the digital camera is another story . I was first skeptical when the instructions mentioned that the camera is infinite focus fixed beyond 49 yards . Therefore , you are not shooting exactly what you are viewing since you can go up to 10x with the lenses . In any case this is irrelevant because after taking some test shots I tried connecting to my PC . I 've done troubleshooting for a lot of devices in my day , I know what I 'm doing , and I like the relative ease of the USB standard . No such luck with this . The included driver did n't work , the updated driver from bushnell 's website did n't work -LRB- btw , I 'm using XP -RRB- . I always got an ` unable to connect to device ' error . After an hour of trying all the tricks to get it to work I decided to return it . I would strongly advise ignoring the digital camera aspect of this pair of binoculars and either get regular binoculars or a better pair that does n't require additional drivers in XP to dump images . I am returning these things today !!
 My wife purchased at Best Buys and gave the binoculars to me as a fathers day gift . I loved the concept and as an avid hiker and birder was anxious to use them . All pictures came out fuzzy and trees were a grayish green with all other colors a sickly sepia toned . I tried various ways of holding the camera to reduce the fuzziness and by holding it at chest level -LRB- box camera fashion -RRB- seemed to help - but obviously could n't focus on the subject . After trying it for 3 days I decided to return it to Best Buys . They would not refund but did provide store credit . If Bushnell can fix the camera I will definitely buy the next generation model .
 This router is touted as having wifi capability . It does n't support WiFi . It is being sold as an 1812W-ag-e , when in fact it is an 1812/K9 .
 The Fusion installation CD did n't detect the drive until I turned off my Windows Firewall . Of course , this was n't mentioned anywhere in the setup guide . Do n't try to load a directory with more than a few high resolution -LRB- 5 megapixel or more -RRB- photos , or it will take FOREVER to generate the thumbnails . The drag-and-drop popup Java applet file import is very slow to import -LRB- even over Gigabit ethernet -RRB- , and dropping a folder into it does n't create the folder with the files underneath it ; instead , it just puts all the files into the root directory . VERY DISAPPOINTED in what had the potential to be a useful product . If you have 1-2 Megapixel photos or small documents , in just a few small directories , maybe this will work for you , but for $ 700 ? You can do better .
 I will never buy a Seagate product again.The software is horrific . Once everything was setup , the drive failed out losing all the data that was copied over.I have nothing nice to say about this company -LRB- Seagate -RRB- and Philips.Both seem to rip off consumers regularly .
 The unit I received was a used unit even though I paid for a new unit.The infrared lens has a crack in it , most likely why the unit was returned in the first place . It 's not really a show stopper , once you get used to it being there.What goggle upgrade ? Never received that.Meade makes a much better product and is less costly.Good news is that shipping was very fast .
 On the Amazon site , the Aquapac AQP-410 is labeled as fitting `` large '' cameras . The camera shown in the picture is fairly large , and probably compares to the Canon SX-10 I wanted to fit into this bag . When I received the product , the outside of box was clearly labeled `` compact '' , and the bag would obviously not begin to fit a camera of the size pictured . The Aquapac AQP-445 may actually be bigger , but I 'm not going to the trouble of ordering it to find out.It does appear that the case is reasonably well-made , and would probably keep a camera acceptably dry for snorkeling-type use . But the flexible plastic does n't really inspire confidence . I would n't trust it for more than a low-end camera , worth less than $ 100 . Because of the hassle of shipping this back , I am just going to keep it to take my wallet with me diving . -LRB- Advisable if when diving off a beach , where there is even a slight potential of criminal activity . -RRB- After more checking , I discovered that there is a sudden jump in price to around $ 120 for an `` SLR '' size bag that would probably be large enough to fit my camera . I wound up ordering an Intova IC600 from `` another vendor '' for about $ 150 . This is a 6 Mp hard-case camera , with the camera removable from the box for above-water use . It is probably a `` low-end '' camera . But for about $ 30 more , I wo n't have to worry about trying to work the controls through the stiff bag or shooting through a flexible plastic window .
 My daughter and I love to study about animals together but we find this cd a little boring . However , it will come in handy for looking up specific information about birds , for school projects , or home study . It is worth $ -LSB- money -RSB- .
 I bought this last year . It lasted a week or two , I do n't remember . It 's unrecoverable and no computer recognized it , and I 've never found any driver software for it . It 's about to go into the trash . I bought a different Lexar yesterday , not remembering I had this piece of junk . I 'll found out if it 's a piece of garbage too , I hope not .
 This device is not compatible with OSX . So if you use that OS , this USB drive is not what you want . It does say on the package that it is compatible , however , so now I have to return it .
 I got this as a gift from a friend who should know better , but I could easily have been suckered by the weasel words the marketing department plastered on the package.The package says `` Hi Speed '' USB but I had 670 MB on a 1 GB Cruzer Mini that I wanted to transfer to the new Lexar JumpDrive FireFly . The upload to my laptop went smoothly - no more than 10 minutes . Then I took out the Cruzer and inserted the FireFly in the same USB port and copied the directory I had just uploaded to the FireFly via a simple `` paste '' . It took over an hour -LRB- I do n't know exactly how long since I had to leave before it finished -RRB- . When I got back , I decided to do a test copy of the data back to the Cruzer . The same data only took 10 minutes to download back to my 1 GB Cruzer.It seems clear that `` Hi Speed '' for Lexar means USB 1.0 -LRB- about 12 Mbps -RRB- and not USB 2.0 -LRB- about 480 Mbps -RRB- . I 'm sure the marketing department said `` Why confuse the poor stupid consumers with technichal specs . ? `` I searched their website to see if there was more information but the suits seem to have veto power over the web designers as well.If speed is important to you -LRB- and with a 4 GB drive it is logical to assume that you are going to have some large files to move -RRB- then steer clear of this product . 1 GB of data will take you on the order of an hour or more to move.Of course if speed is not important or if you only have 1.0 USB ports on your machine then the product is fine . It works as well as any other flash drive device on the market.My main complaint is that without testing , it is hard to know that this is only a 1.0 device .
 I really ca n't begin to describe how slow the transfer rate of the Lexar firefly is . The transfer rate makes it nearly unusable for anything but a few small files . It can take literally HOURS to transfer 500 MB if it is a bunch of small files you are transferring . It is a little bit faster with fewer larger files . However , I recommend looking for something else . I am very disappointed with my purchase .
 I bought this for my critical financial files and some other absolutely necessary data . It lasted about six months if that . I formatted it and tried to get it back in shape . Nothing worked.I 'm going to go back to Kingston DataTraveler Elite 4gb . I have a Kingston that has outlived every other flash drive I 've had and it 's still going strong . Just not enough storage . They cost more . But you get more . Long run , you can spend lots of money on flash drives if you have to buy them every six months or a year . I 'd rather spend more upfront and have something I can depend on.I sure do n't recommend this drive .
 I have used Lexar exclusively for years for flash media from jump drives to microSD memory in the cell phone , so I have been very partial to Lexar until now.Several months ago I purchased two 4gb FireFly usb jump drives . Occasionally I have encountered that large files -LRB- 200 gb -RRB- will not open once copied to the USB drives.I contacted Lexar tech support three times regarding this problem . The first time they had me reformat both drives , however the problem occurred again.The second time I contacted tech support they had me switch the drives to NTFS . This seem to correct the problem , but a few weeks later again a large file is corrupted.The third time I contacted tech support , they have no answer since there is not recall on the 4gb drives , only the 2gb and smaller.The corrupted file issue will not a problem , if you remember to check the files each time you use the drive . But when you forget and get somewhere else only to discover the file wo n't open , you just lost a bunch of time . So if you only need a drive to transfer files in your home or office , this drive may be okay . But if you use the drive to copy files to take with you some where else , look for something else from a vendor that will support their product.Lexar JumpDrive Firefly 4 GB USB 2.0 Flash Drive JDFF4GB-431
 Hello .1 star is too much for this product . This product , the Lexar LEJDF4GB JumpDrive FireFly - 4GB Capacity , worked for about 3 weeks before it failed completely with about $ 3,000 worth of data loaded on it . I had just enough time to load it with data before offloading . I paid $ 27.50 for this product and as you read on you 'll see it cost me alot more.Of course , I contacted the LEXAR company about their product many times to get assistance with the problem . Their online chat service just walked me through useless steps to confirm that their product was defective . Only one time , did they answer my numorous emails , claiming that their `` tool '' to respond to customers was not working before . The LEXAR company 's one time response suggested that I take their defective drive to a data recovery service -LRB- $ 300 minumum cost to me -RRB- and then after the data recovery -LRB- if possible -RRB- I should reformat their defective drive for reuse . Even with that `` disfunctional tool '' problem they had behind us , LEXAR has never responded again to my requests for assistance with their defective product.I have purchased a data recovery program at 3X the cost of the LEXAR jumpdrive to rescue my data . Everyone agrees , I would be insane to take LEXAR 's suggestion to reformat their defective drive so that I can relive this entire time-consuming and costly situation over again . The best and safest place for this product is to drop it in the closest trash can.Thank you for letting me share my shopping experience with you and let you know how dissatisfied I am with the LEXAR company and it 's worthless , time-consuming , and very expensive product . Did you notice that it has a 2-year limited warranty ? LEXAR makes no attempt to honor that . Buyer Beware!A Very Dissatisfied Customer , Flash Disk Professional User4GB Jumpdrive Firefly JDFF4GB-431 -LRB- Retail Package -RRB-
 STAY AWAY ... The battery could never come out of conditioning ... It does hold up charge but , does n't really charge well .
 The device sends and receives skype calls just fine but guess what . When you press the end call key on your phone . The skype software closes . Tried to resolve the problem at the company 's website and there are no support pages , just more crap for sale . Also when you try to dial a number with your phones keypad , the skype program open up and starts dialing but you still got to walk over to the computer and click dial .
 I tried to use this product with skype . The product technically `` works , '' however , when you hang up , it closes skype . I tried to trouble shoot this but think it is a design flaw . It really is n't worth it , even though you can use the product , if you have to reopen skype each time you want to make a call . The vendor refunded my money with no hassle .
 inconsistency is the word.only on 32 bit systems , use good part of your system capacity
 I was very disappointed with this case . The only way this case is good is if you plan on never using your palm and want it to stay in the case . The case is incredibly difficult to open and close . It 's a big hassel .
 I have owned two of these . Why I bought the second one is a good question , but I wanted a case that worked well with a belt clip and liked the fact that you can read the screen with it closed . both cases broke at the hinge within a few months.they also needed time to be able to open the case without using an incredible amount of force , but that went away after a day or two . The belt clip that it comes with is very cheap and not secure , but so are most of the provided belt clips with cases . I got my own clip from theclip.com - Ultra Swivel Clip , which seemed to be the best belt clips out there , and pasted it on using the adhesive they provide.I am going to try a leather case now -LRB- Designio seems to have good reviews but have n't seen it -RRB- , although if you want a hard case I would recommend RhinoSkin . the only issue with the RhinoSkin caseis that you have to do on your own fasten the back of the Palmto the back of the case , which you to easily do with a piece of Velcro , or else you will not be able to carry the Palm on a belt clip without it opening on its own .
 mine got really hot plugged into a surge protector and burned out the first day.tried to get help but there was none.be careful thats expensive education .
 thanks to amazon i got my money back but if not the seller would not give me a money back but he told he would once he got the item back he said i damaged it and it was suppose to new when i got it and was not in it 's proper packaging i would never buy anything from this seller again thanks again amazon :-RRB- for all your help.john clark
 Was very dissapointed when I tried it . Not worth the price the sell it for
 I have been using another devise like the one addressed . I have used it three times according to instructions . And for some reason it is not functioning right . I will give it a shot a couple of times and see what happens . Hopefully there is a one year warranty on it if there is a major problem.I f there is no year warranty then I will have to not buy again from the resaler amazon and not buy from them or you again.Thank you
 I ordered this for my son 's room . The fan is pretty quiet but the ocillating button does not work.I decided to keep the fan as it is more hassle to go through the return process . Lets see how long the blower lasts . I guess you get what you pay for .
 I thought I had researched DVD recorders carefully . Wow . Was I wrong . This machine has the following major flaws :1 . It can not record most ATSC Over-the-air TV stations in Los Angeles . We have more than a dozen channels , and this unit registers a FALSE positive for CPRM copy protection , such that you can not record all but two channels in los angeles . i even spoke to the chief engineer at the local PBS station , to confirm that they ARE NOT send the CPRM signal out . So , as a HD time-shifter -- USELESS ! 2 . The record quality is terrible , except at the XP -LRB- 1 hour speed -RRB- 3 . The menu system is extremely non-intuitive and cumbersome.The one positive is that the playback picture resolution is GREAT . -LRB- but the is the most EXPENSIVE player I 've ever used -RRB- . We 've been loyal to Toshiba for 8 years , but no more .
 After setting up a timer recording , the recording did n't start . There was a `` failed '' message in the recording set up . The manual said that was because there was either no disc or no space on the disc . After trying several properly formatted discs and getting the same `` failed '' message , I finally pushed the Record button on the front to see if the unit would record without the timer . A message popped up saying the content was protected and could n't be recorded . It was an ordinary prime-time network show tuned through an antenna - do n't have cable . I got the same results with several other shows ... and commercials ! I purchased a DVD recorder primarily to record shows to watch later , and this unit does n't allow that .
 We purchased a Toshiba DVR650KU about 6 months ago . We already had another Toshiba machine , a D-VKR3SU , which we had been using for several years to record over-the-air TV programs . When digital programs began to be broadcast , we wanted the capability of receiving digital programs and recording them to watch later at a more convenient time . For the most part , that is all we do with the DVR , nothing fancy or complicated . We were influenced to buy another Toshiba because our old one performed well and was easy to operate . Big mistake .1 -RRB- The remote
 I purchased this about three weeks ago and have been using it to convert VHS tapes to DVD , for which it works fine -LRB- although I agree with the other reviewers that the remote and the menus are clunky and a little slow -RRB- , and for some off-air recording , which is spotty at best . I should say that I get all my TV through rabbit ears , so I do n't know how this recorder works with cable or satellite.What I did n't know before I bought it is that this recorder -LRB- and , from what I 've been able to find out since , all DVD recorders with digital tuners -RRB- support CPRM -LRB- Content Protection for Recordable Media -RRB- . Digital broadcasts can be encrypted with a code that allows for either unlimited recording of it , `` copy-once '' recording -LRB- you can record to a hard-drive , RAM disk , or - RW CPRM disk in VR mode , but you ca n't dub that recording to anything else -RRB- , or `` copy-never '' recording . A few problems I 've found are first that RAM disks and - RW CPRM disks are hard to find . The only - RW CPRM disks -LRB- which are different from ordinary - RW disks -RRB- I could find are made by JVC and although I live in a major city , I was unable to locate them or any brand of RAM disk in any brick-and-mortar store , ultimately having to order them both online . The second problem is that even if you have the right type of disk , you will be unable to record what you want if the broadcast is `` copy-never , '' and there is no way of knowing what type of copy protection a broadcast contains until you try and fail to record it . Moreover , if any portion of the broadcast is copy-protected -LRB- for example , if a commercial or station identification in the middle of an otherwise recordable broadcast has copy-protection incompatible with the disk you 're using -RRB- then the recorder will stop recording it at that point . According to the manual , this recorder is supposed to simply pause at that point and then resume recording when the protected portion ends , but my experience has been that it stops recording entirely . Finally , even if you can manage to successfully record to RAM or - RW CPRM , you might not be able to play that disk on another machine , so these disks are n't good for archiving shows . This recorder will record non-copy protected broadcasts on any type of of disk.That 's how it works if everything is working properly . I have also found , though , that this recorder sometimes fails to record analog broadcasts and I get a `` copy protection '' error message , and since in theory analog broadcasts do n't have CPRM encryption , I 'm not sure what the deal is with that . I saw mentioned on a tech forum that Toshiba machines sometimes `` see '' copy-protection that does n't exist , but I have no idea if this is a problem specific to Toshiba recorders only . A couple of times it also failed to record and I got an error message saying that `` the input channel has changed , '' which ... what ? I have no idea what it means and the user 's manual says nothing about it . In any case , I have found recording TV broadcasts purely for the purpose of time-shifting to be unreliable , and if it 's something I really really want to watch , I use one of my old VCRs . This wo n't be an option next year when all broadcasters switch to digital , and if my experience with CPRM is typical -LRB- and from the little I 've been able to find about it online , it is -RRB- , then I think there are going to be a lot of really frustrated TV watchers . The unfortunate thing about CPRM is that it does nothing to stop video pirating . Pirates will always find a way to get around it ; in fact if you Google CPRM , you 'll see a bunch of hits for -LRB- probaly illegal -RRB- decryption devices and software . All CPRM does is get in the way of people like me who want to watch Survivor at 10:00 pm instead of 8:00 . I hope that as VCRs finally disappear , either DVDR manufacturers begin making recorders that do n't support CPRM or that broadcasters ease up on the encryptions that they 're currently using .
 Whoever designed this machine was a TOTAL IDIOT .1 -RRB- It often takes five to ten seconds before pressing a button actually makes the player do something .2 -RRB- When it starts up it takes a good 30 to 60 seconds to where you can actually tell it what to do . Often it will automatically start playing whatever is in the DVD player at the time no matter what before you can tell it to stop .3 -RRB- The recording interface is terrible . First , you have to program it , which is comparable to other players , but then you have to push this little button that `` enables '' the machine to record . And there 's no way to know you have to do it unless you read the instructions . I do n't know how many shows I 've missed because I forgot to set this .4 -RRB- Once the machine starts recording , and you discover you made a mistake , you CAN NOT STOP IT . Seriously , you ca n't even unplug the thing . If you do , IT REMEMBERS when you plug it back in . You have to wait until it stops recording or until the tape runs out -LRB- for example , if you messed up the AM/PM on the recording time -RRB- , which , given the length of most shows , is usually HOURS of time .5 -RRB- It wo n't remember where you were on a DVD if you remove it and put it back in.I have another DVD/VCR combo that I bought second-hand for $ 20 that works better than this piece of garbage . When I tell it to start , it start IMMEDIATELY . When I put in a DVD I was watching earlier , it REMEMBERS where I was . And honestly , the recording quality is better.This machine is awful , awful , awful , awful , AWFUL!Oh yeah , did I mention it 's awful ? AWFUL !!!
 Hi , I have had this VCR/DVD Recorder less than one year . Prior to software failure , I was concerned with the unit loading software and blocking the recording -LRB- failure message -RRB- of various shows . The DVD recorder started to freeze during recording ; no problem with VCR recording . Finally after 9 months of ownership , the unit locked up in DVD mode and was not recoverable.My first recorder analog VCR `` Panasonic '' lasted 7 years until the drive system stopped.I feel that programming bugs caused this failure . Toshiba should have just install EPROMs instead of trying live communication with transmissions to block VHF transmissions.Terrible Design !!
 I had 2 goals
 where to start?the worst part was when I started trying to copy old home videos over to DVD . A few did fine , most would suddenly stop with a weird error message about `` video input changing '' . No error code , nothing in manual . Called toshiba ... they knew the problem before I described it . Machine will react to any irregularity , stretch , fold , skip , in an old tape and think that its COPY PROTECTED !!!!!!! so it errors out and stops . Toshiba says of course since they are concerned manufacturers and worried about illegal copying , there is nothing they can do about it . I tried a work around by using a separate VCR , but same thing . Ca n't tell you how many blank DVDs i ruined that now having a bit of a tape recorded on it . Their suggestion ? Dub the old video tape onto a new video tape . -LRB- and lose a generation of quality -RRB- . Not what I had in mind . Do n't protect me from myself and my own tapes that play fine , and are totally legal!next , I agree with all the previous posts about it having a mind of its own . It powers up , down , changes channels , records , or not , and even opens/closes the tray when it darn well feels like it , and not a moment before . Really frustrating . A good case of new technology that goes slower than old technology.Plus this is the only DVD player I have ever encountered that does n't remember your playback position if you stop a movie , then turn off the power and then want to return to the place you left off previously in a movie . Nope ... back to the FBI warning you go every time!The final clincher is that I bought this based on the technical information , and I had just bought a toshiba HD TV -LRB- which actually I really like a lot ! -RRB- . One apparently stupid assumption I had was that the Toshiba TV remote would operate the Toshiba DVD player ... wrong . Not even stop , play and pause . I wasted a good 30 minutes twice trying every code they listed . And then another phone call . answer ? `` the engineers must have had a good reason '' ... run away ! I sold mine within 60 days .
 This unit has great features - but the features do not work consistently . The unit freezes up and also the recording quits randomly . Sometimes a program can be recorded fine and oter times the recording just stops with either no error message or a message stating the material is copy protected . The copy-protect error is not consistent -LRB- same show sometimes records OK and other times fails sometimes even an houtr or more into the recording -RRB- . The unit 's ability to record reliably is so bad that I have gone back to my VHS unit to record on tape .
 Pros
 I recently purchased this product from a big chain.I bought it to record digital over the air programs . I can only record 3 channels nbc , fox and pbs . What gives there is nothing in the manual saying it will do this . I didnt realize this would be an issue till it was toooooo late to return it !! The tuner is slow . Also alot of the channels freeze and pixelate . I change to the analog and the picture is fine . This is going to make a great doorstop when i purchase a working model if there is such a thing.It also has frozen up on me a few times as well . You have to unplug and wait about 2 minutes . Then the piece of junk will work again !!! AS JIM CRAMER would say `` DONT BUY DONTBUY !!! '' `` THE HOUSE OF PAIN !!!! ''
 I read somewhere that the more you work your brain , the more wrinkled it gets . If that 's true , this DVD/VCR has turned my brain into a prune . That 's less a complaint about the product than it is an admission of my incompetence . The unit is what it is and it 's up to the pilot to master the aircraft . I 'm getting the hang of it now but the learning curve was pretty steep there for a while . It 's pretty far above the simple VCR and DVD players it replaced in capability and features and that has to come with some extra complexity . The unit does everything I need it to do and has offered us no trouble . So far , we 've explored only about 20 percent of what this unit can do and when we have finally mastered all of it 's intricacies , we 'll be in a better position to judge it . So far , so good . My only caution would be to people like us ... those with little experience with such equipment . If you are n't willing or patient enough to climb that learning ladder , then perhaps a simpler unit is for you . As with the Toshiba TV we bought along with this unit , it was the Amazon deal that swung us away from the box stores and into an internet purchase . The TV and this DVD/VCR combo we bought at the same time were by far the biggest online purchase we 've ever made . Frankly , we were a bit nervous about that but it transpired seamlessly and we are lots more confident.Update , June 2011
 This DVD VHS Recorder is worthless . It performed haphazardly for the first year and will not perform at all now when it comes to recording . It will accept recording schedules and then either turn itself off long before the TV show occurs or just does n't bother recording . This is with either VHS or DVD . Do n't waste your money .
 This player is incompatible with recent Disney DVD releases like Sleeping Beauty and Pinocchio . I only found this out after trying and returning three different copies of Pinocchio!There is no guarantee that the coding will be adjusted for future Disney releases . Though both Disney nor Toshiba recognized the problem when I called , neither company is willing to take responsibility for a fix.I have also had problems that others have mentioned with the complicated steps in programming and unreliable timer recording.Save yourself the headache and avoid this player on the used market .
 i purchased this item to replace both old vcr and dvd player but i was soon to be disappointed . The cable image with the old jvc vcr was clearer , blacker . The image with this Toshiba is grey and at first i thought it was my connections or cables so i replaced them without any improvement . Another thing i hated is when i would change channel it is very very slow also it would n't play my recorded DVD 's from my Canon camcorder . Just too many issues and i am now returning it and getting a panasonic
 There is no way to delete channels completely . You can skip them when using channel up/down but kids can manually enter channels you do n't want them to see . Also the tuner takes 2 seconds to change channels . No way to correct these problems .
 I had a problem with this VCR it would not transfer some VCR tapes to DVD . Appears to be a commom problem with the machine . The seller promptly refunded my money .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I did quite a bit of research before buying this unit and I chose the Toshiba DVR650 because it seemed to offer everything I needed
 Was impressed with this units specifications and outward appearance . Seemed like a real well made and designed piece of equipment . The two stars are for just that . Unfortunately the heart of the machine just is n't up to the task of running it . The only operation that went flawlessly was setting the clock . Toshiba had to be called to help program the analog/digital channels . I was lead to believe there were `` problems '' in the programs . I worked with the manual and tried to get this unit to work as it should for the best part of a month , to no avail . It did record a timer program on DVD-RAM but could not access the time slip feature to watch as it recorded . The final straw was when it totally froze up after setting another timer program and would not clear , exit or cancel and the power cord was unplugged and the unit got sent back to Amazon for credit . Have always had excellent results with Panasonic VCR 's and DVD units and will probably go with the Panasonic DMR-EZ27K next time .
 The specifications for this unit look great , but the Toshiba does n't perform all that well . Potential buyers should note that the manual for the unit is not posted on the Toshiba web site , so all you can go by is the specs . Do n't assume anything about the unit if it is not in the specs . For example , the specs do n't say anything about double layer DVDs . There is a reason for this -- the unit does n't work with double layer DVDs.The manual also does n't say anything about recording or playing HD . The unit can tune HD stations and the channel autoset works quite well . However , I have been informed in a usenet forum that the Toshiba really does not play in HD ; it upconverts the images to 1080i . I ca n't prove things one way or the other.For converting VCRs to DVDs , this unit is poor . My conversion attempts failed four times with a cryptic `` DVD failed '' message . I tried both DVD-R and DVD+R DVDs.The price for all the features on this unit at Amazon is great , but you get what you pay for . In this case you are getting a cheap price for a cheap unit .
 I work in the engineering department for an over-the-air broadcast station . Our station has received a number of complaints from viewers who have this Toshiba DVR/VCR who indicated they are unable to record our DTV service using the built-in ATSC tuner on this unit . They get a message indicating that the content is copy-protected and can not be recorded . The viewers also reported that not all stations in a given market are affected . We soon discovered from other Amazon.com reviews for this same DVR that this is a common complaint from other locations throughout the country.Even though we have no intention of copy protecting our signal and we were n't aware of any copy protection signal we were broadcasting , we were concerned about the possibility that we were sending out some signal that could be interpreted by a DVR as copy protection . We decided to go ahead and purchase one of these Toshiba units to see if we could figure out what was going on.Once we hooked up the unit , we found we could only record off one DTV station in our market using the ATSC tuner -LRB- recording off the analog/NTSC tuner was not a problem -RRB- . Our next step was to find out what this station was doing differently in encoding their DTV signal than our station and the rest of the stations in the market.What we discovered is that it appears there is something in the audio descriptor that is sent as part of the DTV signal that is causing this Toshiba box to falsely come up with this copy protect message . The station that we were able to record is not sending the full audio descriptor , but the stations that are sending this information are not doing anything incorrectly and are in fact following standards set out by the ATSC standards committee.The bottom line is that it appears that there is an issue with this particular DVR that is falsely seeing DTV broadcasts as copy-protected even when they are not . In my opinion if you are looking for a unit that records over-the-air DTV broadcasts , consider a different machine.We did call Toshiba about this and they said they were unaware of this problem . However it did n't sound like they intend to address this problem in this DVR with any firmware update as they are busy developing the next generation of equipment that will replace this unit . Hopefully this problem will be addressed in their next generation of DVR 's . Please note that I am only rating this unit on the ability to record a DTV signal over-the-air . We have n't used the dubbing functions , etc. . This DVR does record analog over-the-air broadcasts -LRB- at least until most disappear February 2009 -RRB- . Also this unit should work fine on most cable and DBS systems , but this is something that we have not tested to confirm .
 Remember the first VCRs ? When one had to tune the tuner with a set of instructions writen by an engineer who did n't speak or write English so good . That is this product . Very complicated to use , I have it working but the response time to the remote is pitifully slow . Just to open the DVD drawer or eject a tape takes forever . On screen menu is pretty good is the best I can say for this product . Like going back to DOS .
 Last month , I bought this Toshiba D-VR650 for home entertainment . I liked the design and features specified in the unit . Regrettably , I had no choice but to return this unit to the store due to unit froze up repeatingly -LRB- not respond to any control button -RRB- , except to unplug the electrical power to reset the unit . I had a number of DVD players in the past and never experience with froze up issue before .
 This is the slowest responding VCR/DVD player I 've ever seen . It 's my first DVD recorder , so I ca n't compare there , but everything about the controlling of this player is slooooooow . It takes 2-3 seconds just to go up or down a channel . It takes 15-20 seconds after power on before you can change the channel.It 's also my first tuner that 's not just analog , so I ca n't compare to other digital/QAM tuners -LRB- maybe they 're all slow -RRB- . So many features do n't function as expected - eg
 I 'll agree with the previous reviewer before mine that whoever designed the software for this DVD recorder was a complete idiot.Many of the Cons : -- The timer rec button , why not just enable timer recordings when you turn off the machine ? Would have been easier . -- The fact that you ca n't put timer recordings back to back and HAVE to separate then by a minute is unacceptableThe tuner is really weak , will pixelate -LSB- for OTA -RSB- at any moment , where as other DVD recorders wont . -- BUT the biggest SIN this machine has is that after a firmware gave the ability to record digital ATSC programming -LSB- 16:9 format -RSB- it only displays the 4:3 content of the recorded disc and stretches it out over the 16:9 screen ... you 'll be like WTF?Yet if you take that same recorded disc and play it on another DVD player it will play just fine -LSB- ie
 If only I had been checking reviews back when I got this machine . I got it to replace a DVD/vcr recorder player by RCA that was new but no good . This one was no better . I was able to get a new replacement even after more than a year because I had not used it yet hardly at all . They were very nice about that . I still had the same troubles as mentioned by many others here . They sent me yet another unit that was upgraded -LRB- newer player -RRB- but I still have same trouble . Sometimes it does n't record . The button you have to remember to push before it will even record . . that 's a pain and sometimes fails even though you pushed it . Programming it is a royal PAIN ! Each time you push the remote button to choose something it does n't seem to sense your signal and then it does and moves ahead 2 jumps instead of 1 ! I hav n't used the thing but maybe 3 times in a year just because it 's difficult and fails so often that I do n't want to chance it . I would really like to get my money out of it , even half my money out of it ! I have since purchased another DVD player that came with our sound system but I ca n't record with it . I still use my old VCR to record .
 If you are a masichist this is your machine . Mine 's been to the repair depot twice and now I read all the reviews and see that ALL the flaws in this piece of junk are STANDARD . Call Toshiba and tell them what I did.They needed to lose the format war to maybe snap them into respecting their customers .
 After complete installation of this unit everthing seem okay until I tried to record a TV program . It started formating as required and then at completion it just stuck and would do nothing . I could not open tray turn off unit until I unplugged from electric . I can not give a favorable rating after that . I packed it up and sent it back . Now I am afraid to order another Toshiba , which has a good name for quality .
 I can not really give a fair rating as to convenience , performance , etc. , because the DVD portion of device did not work when we hooked it up two days ago . I have had people who are very good with these devices check to see that I had it connected properly , so that is not the problem . I will be returning the product in the next few days .
 This battery charged up once and that was it . It worked for about a half hour and needed charging . Placed in charger , it would not charge .
 i charged the battery after i received it in the mail . i then put it in the camcorder and it only worked for approx 15mins and the battery died again . I charged it yet again and it only lasted 15 mins - not worth the purchase . Try another brand .
 very dissapointing purchase . It 's made of canvas and rubber , like a pair of tennis sneakers , so it appears to be a very sturdy case . The casing also has good screen protection . But the stiff constructions makes it extremely difficult to remove the iPod from the case . I dock my iPod in speakers almost daily , so it 's important to me to have easy access to the iPod . To remove the iPod from the case , I am forced to push the iPod out of the case , through the back opening using the spinwheel access window - something tells me that pushing on the spin wheel repeatedly and forcebly is not a good thing to do to the ipod.Most important reason I 'm dissapointed in this purchase - the thick rubber casing around the lock switch makes it impossible to access the switch with your fingers . How would you feel about using a pen to lock and unlock your iPod ?
 I had to do some creative cutting on this case with a pair of scissors to make it functional . The plastic around the hold button was to narrow and to thick to get a finger into to flip the switch , and the earphone jack on some of my earphones would n't fit through the opening in the case enough to make a good connection . After cutting it a bit ... works , but looked bad . then had to apply a bit of white model paint to make it look like it is supposed to . If you let it sit in the sun or in your closed car the glued seams begin to separate which leaves sticky glue exposed on the canvas . If you do n't mind tinkering with it a bit it 's an OK case . Good screen cover and looks cool .
 I bought one of these and unboxed it and hooked it up . It worked fine for a couple of weeks , then stopped . It has a little external inline power transformer which failed , -LRB- I checked it with a voltmeter -RRB- and I called Office Depot , where I purchased it . They said they do n't repair them , and to contact Proview Tech Support , which I did.Proview Tech Support completely refused to replace the transformer until THEY received it and verified that it was n't working , at which time they would ship it back -LRB- by ground UPS only -RRB- . So I was faced with a two-week downtime on my computer . After some heated argument , I finally gave in , and I shipped it because I had no alternatives.It 's been a week , and they called today and told me it 's not the correct power adapter . I must have told the guy a dozen times that it 's what came in the box , and that I hooked it up immediately . -LRB- I do n't have any other power adapters in the house , except one for an old laptop that will not even fit in the monitor . -RRB- The box was new , with original tape seals on it , so I know it came from the factory this way.So , they refuse to replace it . They claim it 's supposed to be a 12 volt adapter , and this one that died is a 9 volt , so it 's not the right voltage , or the right brand . Now I have this expensive flat panel monitor and no power supply . -LRB- They did offer to ship it back to me , and to sell me the correct adapter !!!!!!! -RRB- So , I say to Proview
 I purchased two monitors from Best Buy during a Black Friday sale . They were labeled as `` MAG Innovision LT-456s '' though I later found out they are Proview PL456S . Being military I left for deployment , returned and relocated duty stations before I getting to hook these monitors up . Upon receiving my household goods I hooked up both monitors and found both with dead pixels in the center . When I contacted Proview customer support I was told that I did not have `` enough '' dead pixels for them to do anything about it . Each of my monitors had at least 8 dead pixels , and were located in the center , just enough to be annoying.From my experience with Proview 's customer support I can only recommend that you BE WARY of Proview and be sure to check your monitors for dead pixels and return them to your place of purchase as soon as possible for replacement or refund . `` signed `` an unhappy customer who is using a Proview monitor with dead pixels
 I came to buying this product bc i needed an RF modulator to connect a dvd player to an old television . I did not confide to Wal-Mart because of their cheap quality modulators . I found this one online and i was convinced that General Electric sells good products so i bought it.I have seen some pretty bad modulators before but this is by far the worst thing i 've come across . I was dissapointed from the moment i opened the package when i saw that the modulator was a small little thing that looked as cheap as something i see at Wal-Mart . The construction of the product is only the cheapest plastic ever used . To make things worse , i hooked it up to my television and dvd player and found out that the damn thing did n't work . When i plug it into the electric outlet , the power light flashes on but shuts off immediately . It seems like it does n't get enough electrical current to stay on . A small detail but still enough to piss someone off . So i took it apart and messed with it but could n't get it to work . I would have send the piece of crap right back if only i had n't lost my receipt . So now i 'm stuck with a cheap product and minus 20 . I did n't even bother to put it back together . I might as well would have bought the one at Wal-Mart and returned it if anything went wrong . I DO NOT recommend this product . It is not worth the risk even if you have to return it and pay additional shipping costs . I did not purchase this from Amazon to make things clear , rather from another seller . It does not matter becuase it is still the same product and amazon should discontinue it . I gave this product a 1-star rating only becuase its the lowest possible rating .
 When it is working , the picture quality is good for being an RF device . It is n't amazing clear or anything , just acceptable for RF . HOWEVER -LRB- and it is a very big however -RRB- , this device only works when it senses a video signal . Not uncommon in these types of devices , but this one can not tell the difference between black video and no signal . So , whenever the video signal fades to black , it cuts out . And it is pretty sensitive to it as well , so in the middle of a video that fades to black between scenes there is a loud pop and the video turns to snow . I would be using this device in a corporate environment to power a few TVs around our lobby , and this completely does not work for me .
 Stay far far away from this . I bought one , it did n't work , I returned it , they sent me a replacement . THAT did n't work . I checked reviews AFTER the fact . THEY ALL SUCK ! Spend a few more bucks and get one that wo n't make you want to gouge out your eyes with a teaspoon . Trust me .
 La verdad es que me arrepiento de esta compra . No estoy conforme con la calidad de los accesorios.La caja estaba en mal estado . Las pilas estaban da & ntilde ; adas.Aparentemente el vendedor tenia mucho tiempo con este producto guardado .
 The Peerless may be a good drive if you can get it to work . Software install went fine and my computer recognized the drive right away , except the unit had no power . Iomega technical support line hours are incorrectly published and I was unable to get help . I will think twice about every getting another Iomega product again .
 There 's a review of the Peerless system in the current Mac Home Journal -LRB- review 's not posted yet , though -RRB- . Gives it a 2 out of 5 rating . Basically , it says that the drive is far too costly to be economical , unless you 're using a lot of cartridges for backups/etc . Otherwise , you 'll be better served by self-contained external Firewire HDs than another proprietary format.That , Iomega 's disasterous customer service record , their continued problems with large-format external drives , and their recent financial woes , should all but obliterate the drive from anyone 's wish list.Sure it might work great . So did the SyJet from Syquest . And so did Betamax . Bottom line , keep it standardized -- CDs , DVDs , and hard drives are your best bet for backup and archiving , especially for off-site -LRB- I 'm talking external firewire HDs , obviously -RRB- .
 I have worked all afternoon trying to get the Iomega Peerless to work correctly . Numerous calls to tech support at Iomega were totally worthless . This product is worthless . It locked my computer up everytime I tried to use the Peerless drive . ReInstall of software , multiple Backup programs -LRB- including Iomega 's Quick Sync -RRB- were unsuccessful . Even the old drag and drop method of copying files ended up in the `` lockup '' of my computer - I mean a `` hit the kill switch and go thru the Scandisk each time event '' . I was very disappointed in this product . I had such high hopes that it would be my backup solution . Oh well back to the CD R method !!
 First , you can get a standard 40 Gig IDE hard drive for less money than Iomega 's 20 Gig disk . And you can get a combination USB/firewire -LRB- 911 chipset -RRB- drive enclosure -LRB- converts astandard IDE drive into a USB/firewire drive -RRB- for less thanthe Iomega peerless base unit . Why pay triple or quadruplethe cost -LRB- dollars per Gigabyte -RRB- for something less standard and less compatible ?
 So , I just bought this -LRB- ... -RRB- , and I managed to get the entire bundle -LRB- base station , 20g drive -RRB- for the price of the drive alone . -LRB- ... -RRB- Nonetheless , I was under the impression that I could slide the drive out of the base station , and with usb cable , plug into any other computer . WRONG . You need a new base station for every computer you intend to access the drive from . -LRB- ... -RRB- . I would advise that it is useful ONLY if you 're going to operate it from a single computer . Otherwise , there are other products out there for less , that are far more useful .
 I bought this tv from another retailer in Feb of 2006 . In October 2006 the remote died . Being still under a year I contacted the company . I expected the same response I get from other companies when there 's a problem . `` We are so sorry , we 'll get you a new remote right away . '' WRONG !!! These jokers kept me hanging on for 6 months . Every time I called it was another song and dance . Absolutely the worst customer service ever . I own a business and will make it sure that every customer I have will never buy from this company . You may have better luck buying through Amazon . They seem to want good customer relations . Avoid contacting seller directly . They are useless .
 Great monitor but I ordered one from Amazon , it had a bad pixel . I sent it back and the replacement had a bad pixel , too.Amazon has been good but my opinion of NEC/Mit . has plummeted . Where 's the quality control ?
 http://www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000DGDKR/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_titleI connect this monitor to my system and turn it on and the display only lasted a few seconds , I turned it off and back on and the same thing happen I tried it several times and the same thing , the display only lasted a few seconds
 I bought this one after looking forever after my first one died.The overall sound quality is great I have to admit , and nope ... is does n't skip either.Everything was going great until it just suddenly stopped working after one year of having it.I tried everything ! New batteries , another CD etc. . Nothing brought this walkman back to life.I was n't even rough with it.I do n't normally even work out with mine either.All in all , save your money.It might look appealing to the eye but , it really does n't last that 's for sure !
 Same as everyone else - the tv shuts itself off after a few minutes now . Used it for a few months with no problems , I thought maybe we had accidentally turned on the sleep timer but it appears that this is n't an isolated problem . The product should be recalled .
 Same issue here . . Continues to shut off after 20-30 seconds of use . Seems to occur more often when trying to watch a DVD . Purchased it at Sears and they no longer have it in stock . I purchased the replacement package from Sears as well ... so much for that money being well spent ... Our remote worked for about three months with hardly any use at all ... What a piece of garbage ! Shame on Disney !
 My sons got this for a Christmas present a year ago . The past couple of weeks we have had trouble with it shutting off by itself after about 5 seconds . After reading the other reviews I would not recommend this tv to anyone . I think I 'll go and buy a regular tv next time ... it 's cheaper and lasts longer . AVOID ! I had to give it one star ... would n't have given any if I could
 We bought this for Christmas for my son in early November . It was n't until Christmas Day that we realized the DVD player was not working . After exchanging , the new TV worked about 6 months and now it is broken . The DVD player wo n't work , same problem as the first one . What a mess of a TV . For $ 150 I expected a lot more .
 I bought 6 months ago and it 's been a hassle it turns off by it self after a couple of minutes and it wont stay on I think this tv was a lot for the quality of the tv I do n't recommend it
 Its a cute TV but thats all it is cute . The DVD stopped working 3 months after buying this . Its not children nor adult friendly . Disney should have recalled this TV . Other people I know that own one , has the same problem , DVD does not work . I was surprised Disney made such a bad quality product , and wo n't stand behind it . I will no longer buy disney electronics .
 My son 's TV shuts it self off within 2 seconds of turning it on ! This seems to be a common problem and Disney should be ashamed !
 I bought this tv to coordinate with my sons room . It worked for a total of two months when the DVD palyer went on the fritz . In the end the dvd player completly died and i ended up buying a $ 30 dvd player for my son to watcgh tv on . Thank goodness the screen is still working , but it is not worth the money they want for it .
 This TV was given to my grandson for his 3rd birthday and it stopped reading the dvd 's no picture no sound . He loves this gift . His room is in Car 's theme . . ca n't find a store that will help in getting it fixed . . any suggestions who to contact ??
 My son loves this tv ... until it just started to shut itself off after about 10 seconds . I am not going to pay $ 100 to fix this . It is going to the curb and I will NEVER buy Disney electronics again .
 My MIL bought this for our son for Christmas . Our son likes having his movies on in the background while he plays with his toys so I thought this would just be PERFECT because :1 . It 's darling2 . I would get `` my '' TV back in the living room.Even after reading the reviews I thought and hoped that just maybe we would be one of the lucky ones and it would work just fine . I even thought , hey , they seem to be going out after a year , so at least it will last that long ... '' NO SUCH LUCK.After only 3 weeks the DVD player is acting up . It ranges anywhere from `` freezing '' the movie -LRB- brand new dvd so I know it 's not because of scratches -RRB- to simply not playing and/or not being able to eject . It will spin and spin and spin it 's little heart out , you can hear it trying to work , but nothing happens.It 's still under warranty which I guess is good ... However , Disney , you are taking time away from my day to deal with something that :1 . Is brand new and should NOT be having issues2 . Is going to keep doing the same thing , new or not.Very Disappointed !
 Same problem here - had tv for couple years , no problem . A month or so ago , it started shutting off a minute or so after turning it on . When I 'd turn it on again , it 'd shut off after a few seconds , then would n't turn on at all . I 'd wait a few hours , try again , same result . I ca n't even remove a dvd inside , because tv wo n't stay on long enough for me to eject it , haha ! Finally decided to replace it , since the cost of repairing such a small tv makes no sense . What a waste though - it is a cute tv . Anyone know a way to gut it and make a display shelf out of it ? HAHA !
 I have seen this TV sold in Walmart , Toys R'Us , and the Disney online store . As adorable as it looks , all of the reviews I have read have been the same -- the TV cuts off . Therefore I will not be purchasing it . However , I 'm just curious about the price listed here on Amazon for over $ 400 . I 've seen it for less than half everywhere else . I 'm really surprised about the price here !
 It 's horrible , What a waste of money . I bought this TV from KMART , once I got home to set it up , the entire screen turned green and the DVD did not work . I exchanged the TV . All went well with the new one until about 2 months later . It would play for 10 minutes then shut off.The DVD 's kept shutting off 10 minutes into the movie . I purchased new DVD 's and the problem continued . The TV even started making a sizzling sound . Good thing I had purchased the smart plan . The TV was mailed back to the manufacturer and I received a full refund . It 's too bad , my son absolutely loves CARS and is very upset that I had to return it .
 I bought this tv for my son at Christmas and now all of a sudden it is shutting off all by itself . -LRB- i guess just like all the other reviews on here !! -RRB- I am VERY disappointed in this product and my son is very upset about his cars tv . Just called about it , the manufacturer went out of business . BIG SURPRISE !! I should have just flushed the $ 150.00 i spent on this tv down the toilet instead !!!!! Thank you very much Disney , you should be very ashamed of yourself !!!!!
 Length :
 We purchased this about 6 months ago . The DVD player died first , and would no longer read discs . Then the TV started shutting off after 10 to 15 minutes , then would not turn on at all . Warranty is only 90 days , where major brands are 1 year . STAY AWAY !!!!
 We 've only had this tv 6 months , & it 's only been on a handful of times . It started turning off by itself when my son was trying to watch a DVD . Now it comes on for a few seconds with a line-filled screen then turns off again . I would n't recommend this product to anyone !
 My son received this t.v. as a Christmas present . We have currently contacted the manufacturer as the t.v. has started to give off a strong burning plastic smell . It has given my son headaches . We also had some problems with the functionality of the t.v. Would not recommend .
 We bought this TV for our son last Christmas and have n't used it until about a month ago . Everything was going fine until last week when it started shutting off by itself after being on for only 20 seconds . I thought maybe it was something wrong with the wire that plugs into the wall . After unplugging it and plugging it back in , the TV would come on for a few seconds and then shut off again . I was planning on taking it to a repair center only to find out that they will not repair Disney TV 's and that I would have to go through Disney to get it repaired.Only after reading the other reviews have I since learned there is only a 90 day warranty which has expired , that it will cost $ 85 for Disney to fix it plus shipping , and that it has been happening to tons of other people . This TV should be recalled and I do not see how they can get away with ripping people off like this .
 I bought this tv for my son for Christmas . After only a few hours of use the DVD would not eject . Tried manually taking it out and there doesnt ' appear to be any way of manually removing the DVD . Wish I had read some of the reviews here prior to purchasing this piece of garbage . Now my son is disappointed because I 'll have to find another tv . All the other features seem to work ok but also is n't very `` kid '' friendly on the remote or tv functions . For instance to play a DVD you have to go to the input screen and press through the scroll to get to DVD . At least it happened early enough to take it back to get a refund . Still , my son is sad because his cars tv will have to go back.P.S . There is a technical support number which was n't much help because all you can do is try to leave a message but ironically the mailbox was FULL !
 This TV is garbage ... the warranty is ony valid for 90 days . my kids tv is barely 5 months old and it is all messed up . It turns off by itself after a few seconds . Disney Tech support will offer me a list of places to ship the thing to be fixed ... ALL AT MY COST . So now I have a nice $ 150 paper weight . Do not waste your money . the cuteness is not worth the hassle .
 I purchased this item for my son less than one year ago . Within three months from the date of purchase -LRB- almost exactly to the day the warranty ran out -RRB- the DVD began skipping and not playing DVDs . I had to buy a separate DVD player and hook it up to the AV jack in the back of the TV so my son could watch movies.So far the screen still works but it already has a greenish color beginning to cloud part of the left side of the screen.My son is very upset that his favorite TV is no longer working correctly . This year I will buy him another TV/DVD combo but it will not be this model.I recommend that you read all of these reviews before you decide to purchase this item , I wish I had done that . I learned a tough lesson the hard way , I did n't do the research .
 We bought this TV less than one year ago and my son can not even use it . It keeps turning off by itself . What a waste of $ 150 .
 We are on our second one of these the first one the DVD stopped working right after we got it and we returned it to the store . The second one has started doing the same thing within a few months . My grandson was so pleased when he got this and it is so cute in his room but at this point it is nothing more then a nik nak ! Disney should really take away their name from this product .
 Horrible . Worked for a little over a year and now it has started to turn itself off after being on for 5-10 minutes . Will cost me $ 85 to have Disney fix it -LRB- plus shipping -RRB- because it is no longer under warranty . What a waste of money . I will never buy a Disney Electronics product again .
 I purchased this TV last XMAS for my grandkids . I am having the same issues . Cuts on and off by its self . It is no longer working at all . I would not recommend this TV to anyone .
 Up until last night I would have given this TV a decent rating . My kids got this from their Grandmother for Christmas 2006 . It had been working fine but last night it switched to Video 2 while watching a channel . At first we could n't get it to do anything . At first I was more worried about the DVD that was now stuck inside of it -LRB- now I know not to be lazy and leave a DVD in a player anymore -RRB- . So my husband managed to get the DVD out but b/c of my tugging at the tray the DVD part is now unable to be used . I figured whats the big deal b/c it wo n't work now.Well ... we got it to turn back on and figured we would just keep it as a tv now . After about 20 minutes of my son watching a show , again , it switched to Video 2 on it 's own again and we are back to square 1 with it not coming back on!I agree the cuteness is not worth the $ my Mother In Law spent on this ! I did n't know it only had a 90 day warrenty . That is crazy ! I figured the standard 1 yr was it ! So even if she has the receipt it does us all NO GOOD !
 Product only has 90 day warranty -- go figure . Not made to last . DVD player barely lasted 6 months .
 We bought this tv 4 months ago and now it wo n't stay on . It just turns itself off after a couple minutes . The warranty was for 90 days and therefore , we 're 1 month out of warranty . Disney was no help , telling us the tv was no longer in production and we should take it to a repair shop . The repair shop said it would be about $ 150 to fix . Absolutely a ripoff !
 I bought this TV for my son and it is only 7 months old and the DVD player does n't read the disc anymore . . Not worth the money and even the TV places that I called to repair said it is probably the laser and it would cost about $ 150.00 to repiar it .
 Same as everyone else about 8 months old and will not run for more than 5 minutes what a waste of money I ca n't believe they are still selling these things ... If you want to hit them where it hurts stop buying all disney products . All these companies get away with selling defective products because like suckers we keep coming back . I will never buy any disney products again and I encorrage you to do the same .
 My son recieved this for his 2nd Christmas . He loves this TV , but the DVD player boke after 1 year . It kept spinning and then the TV started turning itsself off after 45 seconds . I am so upset with Disney . Repair shops wo n't repair it and I am very upset .
 What a disappointment . My nephews loved this TV when we bought it for them last Chirstmas . Like all the others the TV will play for a minute or so and just shut off , will not turn back on until some time has passed . Avoid the temptation and buy a small LCD flat panel with built in DVD for less .
 This tv/dvd is horrible ! We have had this tv for less than a year and it had already stopped working . The dvd player went out first and the tv a month later . This tv was used to watch one video at night . The customer service was absolutely NO help ! I am left with 2 upset little boys . PLEASE do not waste your money on something that is cute !
 I bought this Tv on 3/7/07 for my sons 3rd birthday his whole room is done in the cars , now almost exactly one year to the date it has started turning off on its own , my son now does n't want to sleep in his own room because he thinks someone is in there turning off his tv . He ca n't understand this is just a piece of junk tv . And after spending so much money on this room and tv and trips to Disney you would think they would stand behind there product .
 This TV / DVD Combo is an absolute piece of junk . I , too , have had the same problems as the other reviewers . Within 6 months the DVD player started not reading the DVD any more . I could hear it spinning in the DVD player , but nothing would show up on the screen . So we bought an external DVD player and hooked it up to the television . We thought things were going great until the TV started turning off by itself after just a few seconds.Also , my child 's best friend has this same TV / DVD combo a couple of weeks after us and they are having the same problems .
 After less than one year of use , very little use , my son 's Cars TV did what every one else has said . IT TURNS OFF SECONDS AFTER IT IS TURNED ON !!!!!!!!!!!!! It was a very low quality tv as far a clarity and fuction but it was Cars so we got it for my son . I wish the $ 250 we spent on it could have gone to a bigger , better quality set ! ! ! ! Live and learn , STAY AWAY FROM THIS TV !!!!!!!!!!!
 Got it for my kids for Chirstmas open it up plug it in turn it on stays on for 1-2 secs then turns off . That all it will do !!!! When I say worst then garbage I mean some garbage has a value !!
 Do NOT buy this TV . The manufacturer should offer a recall but has not . All these people have the same problem we did - the tv turns itself off . I thinkd this should be reported to consumer reports and I will pursue how to do it . Contact the Attorney General in your state if yours is turning off . This is an obvious component failure - glad they do n't make nuclear power companies or anything else with more serious consequences than unhappy children and grandchildren !!!
 Where should I start . Oh yeah , first problem ; Three months after deciding to purchase this TV from our local Target store , the DVD drawer would not open , therefore getting the DVD out was impossible . After unplugging the TV several times , the DVD drawer seemed to have gained just enough strength to push open it 's lttle mouth and spit the DVD out.Second problem ; Now , I think we 're on the right track and the DVD eject button is working fine , until one day , my son yell 's that his DVD 's not working . I walk over to the TV and can hear the DVD motor spinning up and then shutting down . Obviously it 's not reading the DVD . No picture , no sound , nothing . At this point , I 'm thinking , yup ------------- -LRB- flatlined -RRB- . After letting it rest a couple of days , it started working for all of 2 weeks.Third problem ; Unexplicably , one day the TV starting turning off by its self . I thought maybe it was possessed and started to sprinkle some holy water on it or something , but then I thought , if I do that it might void the warranty . Oh , I forgot the warranty was for only 90 days , and we were well past that , so it does n't matter . Well , I was able to contain myself and did n't sprinkle the water . I ca n't begin to tell you the frustation my son had while trying to watch a DVD and the TV would just turn off ?? I 've tried every little thing under the sun to get it to work right ... not happening ! Now it wo n't turn on at all after 6 months !! In life you learn lessons . For us this was a $ 150.00 lesson , which was well learned . Had we known about these issues we would ` nt have brought this one . I guess that 's what the 20/20 hindsight thing is all about ??
 Camera Armor by Made Products is an idea that does not work very wellAfter extensively using this product on a Central & South America adventure I encountered many problems . Some are as follows :1 . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE - MADE PRODUCTS refused to even acknowledge there are problems with the design of Camera Armor . or give a refund as requested2 . The auxillary battery pack is difficult to attach or even make connection/contact with the camera .3 . Body Armor attracks unwanted dirt , lint , etc to the camera that can get on the sensor when changing the lens4 . Body Armor will trap moisture against the camera that can get into the workings of the camera . This happened in the Tropics of Costa Rica .5 . Camera Armor often prevents the pop up flash from fully engaging EVEN WHEN PROPERLY fit on the camera body .6 . Camera Armor impeeds easy access to some camera functions .7 . Camera Armor is difficult to fit onto some tripods8 . The Protective lens covering does not really protect anything . It is a glorified lens hood.I reviewed in great detail these issues and more with representatives of a national Pro camera store and they agreed . In fact I was offered a refund even though Camera Armor was not purchased through them .
 I just got a Peerless drive ... worked for 2 hours . Just long enough to suck up a bunch of data ... and now it does n't work . Iomega tech support is pretty clueless since this is a NEW product . -LRB- You 'd think after going through phone-mail hell to get to the right place , the guys there would have had training or something . -RRB- Apparently , after reinstalling , downloading and restarting numerous times and such , the guy at Iomega said the drive was faulty . So how long will the new one the send me work ? Who knows . This is the FIFTH Iomega drive I 've been through in 6 months . Buy a DVD or CD burner instead . IOMEGA does n't make reliable technology .
 Where do I begin ? I really want to love this product , but URC does everything it can to make consumers that want this a nightmare . - If you do not buy from an authorized dealer , no software for you . Are you kidding me ? Its editor software , and I need the remote to use your software . URC is trying going to stay in the arena of custom home theater installers only unless they fix this bad policy . - Serial adapter ?? URC , 1995 says hi , but welcome to 2010 with USB . Heck we have USB 3.0 now . I had to buy three different cables , go through multiple Windows operating systems , etc just to even get the adapter to work . Wow , talk about a nightmare.All things considered , I spent a bunch of money and I feel like I got taken to the cleaners.Let me be clear
 I had this remote for a number of years . It performs great , but this is not a product for a non-professional unless an authorized dealer programs and continues to update it -LRB- normally at a pretty big charge -RRB- for you . This unit is not intended to be maintained by an end user . The manufacturer and dealer network make it extremely difficult to get updates without going through a currently authorized dealer . If your dealer looses authorization or goes out of business , URC refuses to help past possibly providing a link to an old copy of their software editor . Without paying another authorized dealer for things that were originally provided , the end user is SOL.Again , if you do n't mind paying an authorized dealer to maintain the remote -LRB- or you never need any changes - ie do n't add or change your components -RRB- , this is a great remote . Just realize there is an on going expense.If you do intend to program it yourself and have access to the software , there is a learning curve for the software . That 's why the professionals take classes.In summary , if you want to pay someone else to maintain the remote , this is a great product . If you want to maintain a remote yourself , get another brand .
 While the product seems sound , if you have a problem forget getting any help from the manufacturer . They will just tell you it is not in production and wo n't provide any help . They send you to where you bought it in the first place and often , they do n't provide any actual technical support.If you want a decent product with support , do n't buy this because you will be left on your own once you have it.Do some research and try calling the manufacturer of what ever device you are considering to be sure you can actually get customer support.Universal Remote , the maker of this has very long wait times then once they stop making a product they will no longer support yours either .
 I foolishly bought this remote when buying my home theater system . The salesman pushed this as a top option . I decided to spend the extra money required to not only buy the remote , but to pay the dealer money to program the remote for the components I owned . Since , buying my system 3 years ago , I have changed from a DVD player to a Blue Ray DVD player , and from a cable provider to a satellite provider . Both of these would require me to spend $ 300 for reprogramming the remote through a professional who has access to the software required to update this remote.If you do n't mind spending $ 300 every time you change a component , then go right ahead and buy this remote . But if you want to save a lot of money , find a remote that allows you to program it on your own and save many hundreds of dollars as you swap components in your overall system.Just my two cents , but I have a hard time hearing stores quote $ 300 to reprogram a remote that takes them 1/2 hour to do . This charge is more than a doctor or lawyer would ever charge . And that these dealers can quote this amount with a straight face tells me how little they value their customer and how focused they are on making a buck .
 Nice and versatile remote . But do n't count on any technical support . The maker of this control says it is not in production and refuses to offer support any more.Personally I believe that if you pay this much for a remote , tech support should always be available at lest for those who already purchased it . I called them today and was outright refused help and told to go back to where I bought it.That is a good example of what has gone wrong with American companies and their customer service attitudes .
 logitech 650 inteface for setting up so so much easier . if you are a computer programer and want to spend your hours and hours setting up buy this remote . overpriced for how dificult it is for average joe to set up .
 In addition to having to pay a ` professional ' to re-program it if you make a change to your entertainment system , be prepared to pay to have it repaired if it should happen to fall off of your coffee table . Inside the head of this unit is a radio transmitter circuit board and antenna . It is secured only by a piece foam rubber and eight very tiny solder joints . If your remote falls even a few feet and hits just right , the weight of the circuit board will break the tiny solder joints . You 'll have to try to find someone who is willing to fix it and then pay them $ 40 - $ 100 to have it repaired . It is clearly a bad design .
 i am a professional installer and had occassion to retrofit some equipment for a client . he had an URC mx 850 universal remote control that had been programmed by the professional he had purchased it from ... and it never worked . so i called URC and after 25 phone calls and begging and pleading they sent me the editor software that , while functional is pretty vague and badly set up . their '' largest IR database in the world '' is outdated by years and there is no home theatre equipment listed at all . '' just learn it '' they say . so ... you either have an IT degree and about 30 hours to do this or you pay some guy THEY trained 500 bucks to do it ... until you get another piece of equipment ... then you do it again . anyone that buys these things thinking it 's making life easier is crazy . and they ai n't cheap either . do n't waste your money
 I have downloaded and uploaded all the software for my MX-850 and it still does n't work . I haved pushed the -LRB- Main -RRB- and -LRB- Enter -RRB- button to try to get the Learn mode and select my Mitsubishi WD-57731 TV . But when I go through all the function buttons on my TV remote to get the MX-850 to learn it , nothing works ??? Am I doing something wrong or do I really to need a professional to set my MX-850 ? I like the great price that I got , but they did n't tell me about the additional cost of the $ 300 plus to have it set up by a professional Home Theater specialist . Now I realize why the MX-850 got such a poor review . I would really like to find out how he was able to set up his MX-850 so easily to give it such a great review?Other wise I may have to send it back .
 Do yourself a huge favor and buy ANYTHING but a URC programmable product.DO NOT purchase one like I did , only to find out that YOU CA N'T EVER reprogram it by yourself.Apparently URC thinks it 's ok for you to have to pay a professional programmer a huge fee every time you need to change your remote settings . Is that stupid or what?Be advised that it is almost cheaper to buy a whole new megabuck remote than it is to get your URC remote reprogrammed professionally.After reading all of the existing URC reviews on Amazon , I want you to know that the other reviewers are WAY too nice . Take my advice and just do n't buy URC stuff.Does URC make good remotes ? YES , does mine work as designed ? I 'll never know because I categorically refuse to hire someone less experienced than me to program it for me . I 've been programming for over 40 years , yeah , do the math , and I just do n't need help working my remote control , thanks . If I buy a new DVD player , it should n't cost me more than the DVD player to make my remote control it.It 's incredible that URC actually sells these things and intentionally witholds the programming software from the customer . Please do not encourage URC to continue this practice by purchasing their products.Since this is a product review , here it comes : The Universal Remote Control Inc product I purchased fails to meet any reasonable expectation of an average consumer . It can not be programmed by the purchaser without excessive cost and or effort . Therefore , my URC remote controller deserves the lowest rating possible for a consumer retail product .
 They can drop the price to $ 10 and it 's still not worth it unless the manufacturer offers the programming software to the owner , the end-user . Boycott this product till they come to their senses .
 It was great to get a replacement remote , yet it is impossible to reprogram to work with the television and therefore , a waste of $ $ $ .
 I have had this product for 3 years and now the volume control is gone . On top of the programming being a trial , do n't the engineers know that the volume control is the most used button on the control ? Apparently not . Now I have to use the tuner remote becuz I hate the idea of spending $ 400 just to increase the volume .
 I tried to replace my worn-out MX650 , but found it was no longer available . I bought the MX850 and quickly found out that the unit was only programmable by computer link - they even took out any possibility of doing it manually like the MX650 . In a bizarre Catch 22 , the company no longer provides the software that is needed to program it . Apparently only professional retailers are allowed to use the software . I gamely searched the web , read blogs , and actually downloaded an approximation to the correct software , but could n't get it to work . I gave up and returned the unit . I 'd strongly recommend against anyone buying this product who is n't in the business .
 Are you kidding me ? The people touting this remote must be professional programmers hoping you will unsuspectingly buy it -LRB- like I did -RRB- and then have to hire them to program it . I consider myself somewhat tech savvy , but this is ridiculous . If you want to do it yourself , start by downloading the 72 page programming manual -LRB- That 's right - 72 pages -RRB- . The programming manual for the MX-850 is intended for professionals -LRB- they actually talk about getting the client to approve the cost of reprogramming whenever the cable company makes channel lineup changes -RRB- . If you can figure out the programming manual , then you have to download the programming software -LRB- if you can get it on the internet -RRB- . Then you realize the device is not USB compatible -LRB- Is it 1998 all over again ? -RRB- . So then you have to go out and buy a $ 35 serial port to USB converter , install the software for the converter and hope it works . Then the fun really begins when you try to navigate the software and get it to communicate with the remote and do what you want it to do . I previously owned the MX-500 which was easily programmed from the remote itself . The product description for the MX-850 is deceiving in my opinion because it makes it sound as if the remote is easily programmable . It is not . Unless you do n't mind spending the money to hire a professional , I 'm with the other reviewers who say this remote is far more trouble than it 's worth.UPDATE
 Universal Remote has changed it policy to force you to spend lots of money to hire a professional installer to program the universal remote.They no longer provide the programming software or access to the codes for the latest equipment . Approved dealers have to supply software and remote codes . Amazon is not approved and a lot of approved dealers have no idea how to support the remote.Find a universal remote from some other company that is not hostile to consumers
 I have had a previous model -LRB- MX-700 -RRB- for about 10 years . It came with the necessary sofware -LRB- mx700editor.exe -RRB- and a programming manual . The MX-850 comes with no software and unless you are willing to pay an authorized dealer to program it for you , you may be in for quite a frustrating experience.First , I contacted URC and they told me that they only allow their dealers access to the software . I suggested that I would be willing to pay extra for the software and that I was very familiar with the programming environment . They again told me that only authorized dealers are allowed access to the program.Second , I contacted a local authorized dealer to see if I could get a copy of the program and even offered to buy another MX-850 from them -LRB- for my dad -RRB- and they not only said no , but treated me with a condescending attitude and reminded me that only they were trained and capable of programming the device.Third , I figured that I should be able to find it somewhere on the internet . After looking for some time and reading many blogs , I became desparate enough to give my credit card number to one of the more legitimate looking software download sites that indicated that they had the mx850editor.exe program from several servers . After paying the fee , they no longer could find it with there search ... Now I have to go to the trouble of canceling my card , reversing the charge , and paying the credit card company to expedite sending a new card to me.You may wonder why I have gone to this much trouble and why I just do n't send it back . It is partly because of the shipping cost and 20 % fee that Amazon charges for returning home electronics . I feel that giving them more than $ 40 for nothing would only encourage them to continue to profit from selling URC products . The other reason is that I already have a previous version that I use in another room and I want to use the same interface for my new theater system . URC sells a limited function home series , but they do n't have nearly the flexibility of the professional series.If you are interested in how difficult it is to program these devices , it took me about 8 hours to read the manual , layout the interface , download specific IR device codes , and program macros to switch between 5 sources with an av receiver . There is bit of trial and error to get something that works well for the entire family . After that , it took about a month of making small changes to add everyones desired features such as adding their favorite channels . I have a strong professional programming background using many programming languages and programming environments over the past 30 years . However , I would n't say that a great deal of experience is necessary to get favorable results . I would say that programming the MX series remotes is about as difficult as writing very simple Microsoft Visual Basic applications or writing macros for Microsoft Excel . If you do n't have the inclination to program and solve problems and/or what I just said does n't make any sense , you should add in the cost of the professional installer or consider another device . The only other brand I am familiar with is Logitech and friends have found that they are reliable devices . However , if customization is important to you -LRB- such as adding descrete on/off codes , dual function buttons based on press duration , adding variable delays to macros , scheduled events , etc. -RRB- , Logitech is not in the same league.Final thought
 Suppose a car company sold you a car but said you were not allowed to drive it . They had given the keys to a chauffeur whom you would pay every time you needed to go somewhere . That is , in effect what Universal Remote Control Inc has decided to do with the MX-850 and many other products they sell . You may purchase the remote control itself but , regardless of how skilled you may be at programming , the dealer is supposed to program the remote for you -LRB- for a charge , of course -RRB- . Every time you add or change a component of your system the chauffeur , that is the retail dealer , will have to come back to program the changes as well -LRB- for an additional charge -RRB- . This makes the MX-850 , potentially , the most expensive controller in the world . Most people who buy this product are probably unaware of this -LRB- or very rich -RRB- . If you ever bought B&K ; equipment you may know that they sell a branded version of this product , the SR10 .1 , but are kind enough to supply the software through their license agreement with URC . Should you happen to have that software DO NOT assume it will work with the generic model of the same controller -LRB- the MX-850 -RRB- because URC has rigged the process against you so that neither Uploads or Downloads of programming done using SR10 .1 software will work on the MX-850 . Granted , programming this remote may be too hard for some people and URC would be justified to decline to provide free technical support to these people . However , their approach does not appear simply to be aimed at avoiding unsustainable costs in the sale of this remote . It is a calculated move that allows them to sell a software license , at a high price , to their dealers but have the dealers be very happy to pay the license fees which they can easily recoup as your chauffeur . I would call this a SCAM.While some dealers may provide an alternative to this egregious approach and there may be ways to obtain unlicensed copies of the software , even if you are able to jump this hurdle , be aware there are more problems to overcome . First , you will need a COMM port . And if you have a laptop do not assume that the USB to DB9 type COMM ports will work . Most will not . Should you decide to use the ExpressCard slot of your laptop to create a COMM port be advised that you 'd better not be using a 64 bit version of windows since communications will only work on the 32 bit version.The above mentioned drawbacks of this remote control are , of course , more an issue of a very user hostile attitude by URC in its marketing than an indictment of the MX-850 . The fact is the MX-850 is one of the best remotes on the market . It is extremely flexible and there are only a few drawbacks in its design . One of them is that Macro coding is `` compiled '' rather than `` assembled '' at run time . So , if you get a new DVD player - even if the power on button is in the same place - any Macros that use its commands must be reprogrammed . Unlike VB , for example , they will not treat the new DVD player as a replacement subroutine with the same name . Rather , they will work like older mainframe programming languages that create a compiled version of code that includes all of the old components IR codes -LRB- like compilation of a subroutine -RRB- and be completely unaware of the new component . This is , quite frankly , old technology and perhaps URC made the marketing decision it did to disguise this . But old technology is not necessarily bad technology . We still have the zipper , even though it snags sometimes , do n't we ? And it 's unfortunate this product is now marketed as described above . I hope URC changes its mind . Perhaps enough internet chatter will encourage this . The product would otherwise have gotten a much better review .
 If you are a professional installer or plan to hire a professional installer then this might be for you.I originally paid someone to install a home entertainment system and everything including the remote was working fine ... until , I wanted to add a blu-ray dvd player . Getting something added to work with this remote is a major hassle . There is no online pdf available . To get the software , you have to register your remote and then wait ... and wait some more until they accept your registration.The apparent strategy of the company is to make this remote installer friendly . A regular joe is helpless with this . Therefore they gain the allegiance of installers to recommend and sell this product for them . Anyway , I had a guy out today to reprogram it , figured all of this out , and now will have to have him come back later in the week . Today is a Saturday so contacting the company was not an option as they were closed .
 This remote is absolutely the worst as their is no software , no support and you must have a professional come out to program and pay another $ 250 + dependent on other equipment involved .
 Universal Remote 's policy towards consumers is terrible . If you do n't have the software , good luck getting it . Nothing you can do with this remote unless you have the software . If you are lucky enough to find a copy , probably has n't been updated in 4 years and wo n't work with your equipment.I highly recommend you stay away from Universal Remotes unless you have hundreds of dollars lying around to have the thing reprogrammed every time you buy a new home theater item .
 If you orderd mx-850 . the remote control will come without the software . you have to contact the company in order to get the software !! . They will send you a fax form to fill in and send it back !!! . I 'm not kidding , imagine in these days you send a fax to get a temporary access to the software download . Yes , temporary because the link will soon expire . I got the software once then I lost it because of problem in my PC . I contacted the company and waiting for the download link . Right now no response . Imagine if you spent $ 238 for the remote and $ 160 for the mrf-350 and you can not use them because of the software . The bad thing that amazon does not mention anything about this in the product information . I think this is the modern way of stealing money !! . Very bad company . I wish if I can give no stars .
 URCs products are generally simple and easy to use . I own the MX-900 and MX-950 . I have no specific knowledge of the MX-850 but am writing as a review of URC the manufacturer . Both have functioned reasonably well since purchased in late 2006 ... until it 's time to modify your system or something goes wrong . URC 's customer service is atrocious . Well , perhaps I should say it would be atrocious if it existed in more than theory . Some time after the initial installation and programming of my system and remotes I wanted to add some components and reprogram the remotes accordingly . As my URC authorized distributor was no longer in business I attempted to secure the editing software from URC . After a month of increasingly frustrated emails and phone calls I was finally able to download the software . Problem solved I thought . But wait !! It gets better . The software for these units is ONLY compatible with Windows XP ! A version of Windows retired by Microsoft December 2006 . That 's more than 6 years ago for anyone keeping score . More frustrated calls and emails then and again January 2013 and it is clear that no software update will be forthcoming . You spend hundreds of dollars on a IR/RF programable universal remote and you 'd hope that the manufacturer would stand behind the product with prompt cheerful customer service and keeping software up to date . Not so URC . Do NOT patronize this company . You WILL regret it .
 I 've tried to contact them by phone 4 time and I 'm still waiting for a call back .
 Word of advice , the video board went out on this TV just after the 1 year warranty and Maxent would not help . They told me to bring the TV to an authorized service center . The repair center said it would be cheaper to buy a new TV . So I would highly recommend purchasing another brand as the components that make up this TV are poorly made and Maxent does n't stand behind their product .
 IT no longer works after 18 months - had a nice picture and was happy with the product , but very disappointed with the longevity of the internal components .
 After only 13 months , the LCD picture failed to display sharp colors , but instead would blink from bluish to greenish to red hues ... Neither Maxent of California nor Amazon would assist me with this problem ... Expensive lesson learned ... Do n't rely on reviews that have not stood `` the test of time . ''
 I am saddened that the item did not work for my dvd camrea when is said it would
 We never stop learning and , in my case , the more I learn , the stronger I believe we should get the broadest information about anything we buy , or want to.This particular filter I bought is no big deal , relly -LRB- + / - 50 $ -RRB- since it is the last ring of a chain that starts with a camera , and ends up with a underwater housing lens port . Anyhow , to cut a long story short , I had to add this filter to my lens , since it was impossible , otherwise , to get a subject focused for my underwater photos . Well , the result is poor contrast , vignetting , and overall disappointment . So much so that I decided to get rid of filter and lens , altogether , and buy a new -LRB- non original , though -RRB- macro lens for the job.My suggestion is :1 - do n't add anything to your lens -LRB- specially when it is an expensive Nikkor lens -RRB- that reduces light , or alterates , in any way its features2 - plan your system very carefully -LRB- read ! -RRB- , if you do n't want to end up changing lenses and accessories every too oftenA close up filter is not going to change your lens into a macro one : why should manufacturers waste their time , and money , studying and building macro lenses , otherwise?Guglielmo Farina
 For me , this cable did not work at all . It could never maintain a stable connection , no matter which device was hooked up or which computer it was attached to . This led to a constant loop of `` Your device is connected . Your device was disconnected . Your device is connected . Your device was disconnected ... `` Also , the female end does not have any protection over it , so it is just exposed metal . Very cheap.Skip this and buy a quality cable !
 I 've never owned any device that went from unboxing to back-of-the-drawer -LRB- and on to Goodwill today -RRB- . If you have the appallingly bad sense to consider one of these -LRB- except from Goodwill as a parts project ;--RRB- -RRB- then professional help is in order.It will take pictures , once in a while , after a fashion . And we 're not talking high fashion here . Poor light . Poor focus . You can do better with a $ 10 keychain camera from Walgreens.It will play music . But it plays them into a micro -LRB- 2.5 '' mm -RRB- socket , so nobody 's headphones fit . The sound quality is marginal at best.Webcam ? Yeah , I think I got that working once . Once . Never mind.So far as I can tell , the single use that this device has is to ferret out the shills in Amazon 's reviews . Look for anything over two stars .
 i bought one of these cameras last month , and sorry i did . first off the software did not load into my computer ... needed serial number which i couldnt find anywhere . the camera picture are not clear at all . so if you dont care about in focus picture than this camera for the price is for you.i sent an email to samsung and of course not reply ... then tried again ... again no reply ... so much for service . . the only thing good about this camera is it looks pretty ... i have been an amateur photographer for over 40 years . . so i know a little about camera 's anyway good luck if you choose to buy one of these camera 's .
 I recieved one of these things free from iwin.com . Although a cool idea , this thing is poor at everything it does . The pictures are blurry , the performance from the webcam is probably terrible , and the mp3 player is a joke . Here are my complaints :1 . Driver intstallation was a failure on the pc I intended to use this device on . It worked on a second PC no problem , but even downloading the latest drivers from samsung was no help on pc # 1.2 . 8MB compact flash is way too little . You 'll want to shell out $ 40 - $ 100 for a much more storage . Unless you want to listen to the same song over and over again , or only have the ability to take a few pictures .3 . Earphone plug is tiny -LRB- I think 1/16 '' plug -RRB- so forget about using your own earphones or car adapter . The included earphones are low quality .4 . MP3 controls are terrible on the device . You have to press mode several times to do anything .5 . Flash offers 2 modes `` auto '' and off . Using auto , the camera decides if it 's going to use the flash . If it 's not using it , the picture is taken on the first press of the button . If it is , you have to press the button once to charge the flash , and a second time to take the picture . This means when you press the button , you have to be ready for the picture to be taken right then , but the possibility remains that it may have to charge for awhile . Very annoying !! 6 . The video capture feature crashed my computer . Generally USB capture devices are low quality anyway , so do n't expect anything special from this assuming you can get it to work.So to sum up , this device attempts to perform 3 cool functions , but comes up short in all categories . Trust me . . I love gadgets , but not this one . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !! You have been warned .
 what is the point of making an mp3 player with some weird headphone connector that is unlike any connector on any other piece of equipment , and only fits the headphones that camne wiht the machine ? manufacturers as stupid as this deserve to be boycotted for all time .
 This camara looks cool , but it only took something like 10 pictures and it was full . The pictures would not load because there was something wrong with the software , try a better camara if you can .
 In August 2001 , I bought a Samsung Digimax 35 MP3 , the first Samsung product I bought , and I feel very disappointed about it . It certainly possesses a number of features making it attractive , such as a fancy design , portability , easiness of operation , easy-to-use software etc. . But when it comes to performance , it 's very disappointing for the following reasons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- EXTREMELY poor image quality , in what concerns range of colors . The images all look very much alike
 Recently received this camera as a gift . Had to buy 64 megs of ram to store some MP3 's . The 8 megs will hold about 1 or 2 songs . Found the camera to use batteries like they were going out of style . The camera processes the images very slowly , about every 10-12 seconds until you can take the next picture . Even longer when using the flash . Would n't recommend buying this camera if you want good quality pictures . Only about half of the pictures are somewhat clear . Compared to better camera 's , the price is about right for the items that come in the package . The Mp3 player should have a few more options . It plays music just fine . Very small camera . If it took good pictures , it would be a great camera for longer trips because of its portability . The web cam is adjustable to only 30 fps -LRB- frames per second -RRB- . The software must have a few bugs . It does n't always respond and freezes up once in a while . The additional software for making AVI 's , panoramic and 3-D pictures is pretty cool .
 I had a major problem with getting the pictures on the computer . It was either hit or miss . I 'd check the USB connection over and over again , it kept saying it coulnd ' t find the camera and stuff . The 8mb fit one song on it , which does n't help working out or walking so I would have to shell out for a 64 compact flash card , plus the pictures really were n't that clear . The real problem was the slowness of taking the picture to register as being taken , and the batteries were gone each time I used it . Not a good choice .
 The bag is great , the battery on the other hand is outdated for the new camcorder I also purchased and does not fit.Due to the fact it was inside the gear bag and I opened the box I now have been told I can not return for a refund . Could have purchased the battery locally for less than I now have in it and I still have to purchase a battery . Live and learn , last time I will use Amazon for a purchase .
 I am amazed by the number of positives reviews for the 880 ... and can conclude 2 things
 After 2 hears of removing the lens shade manually on my Nikon 880I will never buy another Nikon product again . Up to now , I have not found any reference to this irritating procedure in the Nikon manuals , specifications , or camera sale 's blurbs . The battery charger & rechargeable battery 's extra cost & time to recharge the battery negates owning a digital camera that should provide fast & easy use . The ready light does not go off when the battery is charged . Time between captures is more like 3 seconds , not 1 second as stated
 I bought this camera because I believed that the Nikon name insured that I would get a quality camera . I have owned a Kodak 1 megapixel camera , and have used it for over a year with excellent results . The Nikon , however , took a lot of tweaking to get average pictures . I took the camera in to a local camera shop , and tried it side by side versus some of the other 3 megapixel cameras -LRB- Canon , Olympus -RRB- . The results were pretty shocking . All cameras were set to their highest resolution and set to `` Auto , '' and the pictures were taken by camera professionals . They were disappointed in what they were selling . The biggest disappointment I have is that the reviews I found on-line -LRB- dpreview.com , et al. -RRB- were very favorable towards this camera . If you are looking at a 3 megapixel camera , find a store that will let you try out several cameras FIRST , then buy .
 I replaced a Canon Powershot S20 with the Coolpix . Even though I 've only taken a few pictures -LRB- maybe 25 -RRB- it clearly does n't produce the same image quality with comparable file sizes.In normal mode -LRB- ~ 700K JPGs -RRB- the Canon produced very sharp and balanced images . In comparison , the Nikon 's pictures are blurry and look like they came from a digital camera . I tried higher quality modes -LRB- e.g. fine & high -RRB- with mediocre results.Overall I am not satisfied with the purchase and switch . The nicest feature of the Coolpix over the S20 is that you can attach various lenses to customize shooting . Lastly , comparing the two bodies -LRB- the Canon is metallic while the Nikon is plastic -RRB- leaves me feeling like I have a cheaper solution in my hand .
 I just recently bought a Nikon Cool Pix 880 From Best Buy . I had nothing but trouble . The lense was locking up and causing system errors . The lcd screen was on an angle . I called Nikon and they said this was a problem . They said my batteries were no good and that i would have to wait for a system update for the camera . So 6 batteries latter I still had the same problem . Please becarefull when buying this one . However I did return this Camera for an Olympus 3040 all i can say is Incredible Pictures Wow . .
 I bought this mouse based on previous , positive reviews . I use my mice on a thin mat specially designed for optical mice . This mouse does not respond well , even when settings have been adjusted . It feels light and fragile . The base of the mouse does not glide flush with the mat and wobbles . I put up with it for 2 days before going back an old intellimouse.If you want a cheap mouse for office applications then this mouse will probably be fine for you . However , if you need a mouse that will be responsive for graphics or gaming then this probably is n't what you want.It was a waste of money as far as I 'm concerned .
 This GE wired optical mouse worked fine for a few months . It was much nicer than the old non-optical mouse it replaced , although it 's your basic mouse . The motion was good , and the wheel and buttons worked fine for a while.However , after three or four months , almost every click started registering as a double click in Windows . I found that if I held the button down for half a second , I could usually , but not always , get it to single-click . But it was too inconvenient to have to think about every click . I replaced the GE mouse with aMicrosoft optical mouse , and everything is happy again.This mouse is priced cheaply , but it is also made cheaply . I rate it two stars instead of one because it worked so nicely for a while and was priced right .
 Purchased last month at Target , and already the left button works inconsistently . If I hold it down the click goes through , but I nearly always have to hold the button down .
 You should only buy this thing if you only need a mouse for about a month or two . This thing actually works pretty awesome while it lasts . The scroll wheel is also very quiet , which is a bonus . However , there is a reason it costs so little . It stopped working today , only a month or so after the purchase . I found that by applying pressure where it plugs into the USB , the red light at the bottom lights up again and it works . Unfortunately we do n't care to hold and apply pressure to a USB port the entire time on the computer.You should especially avoid this mouse if you are someone who uses a mouse for a laptop and have to plug and unplug . We only plugged and unplugged several times and it died . I hope to actually find a mouse that is durable . If you know of one , let me know . I am not even sure if I can trust the expensive ones .
 I tried an assortment of PC-based NICs . Using CAT6 Ethernet cable , only one of two NICs was able to get an IP address from it using straight Windows XP Pro default TCP/IP settings . The DHCP client list on the router thinks there 's a client there but ipconfig on the PC shows no IP address , no DNS servers , and no default gateway . I 've tried everything and simply ca n't get a connection.Using wireless NICs , only one out of five -LRB- an 802.11 g with MIMO -RRB- was able to connect after lots of moving hardware around on both ends . None of the regular 802.11 b and 802.11 g NICs could connect , even with security turned off and SSID broadcast turned on . With WEP 64 turned on , NOTHING could connect.I think this is a direct result of time-to-market pressure . These companies are so desperate to get their newest box out on the retail shelf that quality simply goes out the window . If you buy one , you 're tossing a coin . Do n't lose anything that came in the box.BTW , I should mention that these have UPNP disabled by default and as far as port forwarding , you 're on your own . My last Belkin router had lots of `` virtual server '' presets and I think I 'm going to get the pre-N if there are any left .
 Summary of my experience : Wireless works great especially with the Lynksys SRX PCI Wireless card . But the router is n't letting my hard wired PC -LRB- connected directly to it -RRB- get it 's full speed.The Details : I have 2 computers using my internet onnection though the router . A Wireless Desktop PC and a Wired Media PC connected directly to the router.First , I had a D-Link 624 for a few years . Worked good . Great direct LAN speeds . With comcast I 'd get 4-5 Mbit download speeds . VERY FAST ! That 's with my media pc connected directly through the router to the cable modem , to the internet . Wireless has been good . But got worse recently since more and more people in my large apartment complex going wireless . So my wireless desktop would be dropping out often . So I decided it was time to get a better wireless router.First I got the Belkin Pre-N Router . Now the wireless on that this is the fastest I 've ever seen . Flawless . But the firewall on that SUCKED . If you 're a geek , you ca n't configure any fancy settings . If you plan on hosting an FTP , Web , VNC , VPN , or other type of server on your internal network in order to access it from the outside internet ... Fat Chance . It does n't work . Read the other reviews on that router and I 'm not the only onw who 's had that problem . But if you are just a plain average Joe user . It 's great . But I need to be able to access my internal network from the outside . So I returned this and decided to try this new Linksys SRS 200 Wireless Router.The problem is I ca n't max out my cable speed . As I mentioned before , I have been able to download at speeds of 4-5 Megabit on my D-Link . Also the Belkin . But for some reason , this Linksys only gives me an average of 1 Megabit . This is n't cool . And I 'm using a DIRECT hardwired connection . Not the wireless -LRB- which seems to be great -RRB- . So I thought `` Firmware '' ! Nope , I upgraded the routers firmware and still get the same slower speeds.I do n't know what 's with these newer routers . I 'm going to try the Netgear next . Hopefully that 's a good product ... Will have to wait and see tomorrow . Another trip to Fry 's . If not , I 'm going to have to use two routers . I need that fast reliable wireless . I need the fast Lan/Wan . And I need the advanced settings and capability to access my network from the outside internet . Worst case , I use my old D-Link as the WAN router ... and get the Belkin for the FAST and reliable wireless connection . Kind of silly to have a network setup like that ... But what can you do ? I 'll try the Netgear ... so I 'll probably post a review there soon . Till then ... -- UPDATE . I ended up getting the D-Link DGL-4300 Wireless Gaming Router . It 's not a Pre-N router , only a G router . But it is GREAT and even had Gigabit ports for a fast internal network . It 's the most configurable router I 've seen and it works FLAWLESSLY . Check out the reviews on here on Amazon . I ca n't wait till they come out with a new `` N '' Gaming router !
 I have a big house and my existing WAP was not covering all of it . Rather than try a range extender or antenna , I bough this , hoping that the new technology could `` curve '' around my house.The installation was simple and my one question was answered perfectly by tech support.But , after 3 days of using it , I am going to return it and replace my old wap.The problem is an interment latency . I know little about this new technology , but it seems like it goes down for a bit while it tries to find a new path . I use it primarily one room away ; my old WAP did fine to this room , but I have experienced a number of timeouts trying to access a webpage while it is down -LRB- low signal -RRB- for a few seconds . This is also a problem for streaming.Perhaps this is the 1.0 version of this product ; I defiantly want to get a more powerful WAP for my house because I want to start using wireless audio and other toys , but this did not work for me .
 Linksys Wireless-G Broadband Router -LRB- WRT54GX2 -RRB- - read the reviews referencing poor product quality but liked the form fit & function of this router , especially the wall mount option . Frankly , it fit better in the work space and looked better than the typical Linksys WRT54G product.Mistake - I spent about 5 hours setting up , troubleshooting with the online tools , holding and talking with Linksys tech support . The tech support folks were very courteous and seemed to know their stuff and ultimately concluded this router was a dud and I should return it -LRB- and have -RRB- . Rather than risk further frustration or cross the review gods again , I went out the next day and purchased aLinksys WRT54GS Wireless-G Broadband Router with SpeedBoosterand was up and running in an under an hour with 3 computers on the network . It may not look as nice and takes up more space but it sure does work ...
 I did own this router for almost 5 months , Linksys WRT54GX2 v1 . In the past , I did owned those routers for at least 6 months , Linksys BEFW11S4 v2 -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , Netgear MR814 v2 -LRB- 4 stars -RRB- , D-Link 524 revC -LRB- 3 stars -RRB- , Linksys WRT54G v6 -LRB- 5 stars -RRB- . I 've bought this router for couple reasons . I wanted to have a router with QoS feature and gives a good signal . It turned to be very disappointing -LRB- at least for Linksys WRT54GX2 v1 -RRB- , it never delivered a good connection speed . My wireless client 802.11 g speed was around 32Mbps sometimes and I was only a wall away and 10 ft. from the router , not mentioning some dead spots . It felt as if you were connected through a dial up . I have changed `` Advanced Wireless Settings '' , flashed to the latest firmware 1.01.18 , changed to different channel but it did not solve the problem . The device will lockup after 5 or 6 hours of activity but not every time . The WAP feature used to reject any client after `` Group Key Renewal '' expired but it was fixed with firmware 1.01.18 . I 've contacted Linksys customer support and they told me the router was faulty . I am very suspicious because a lot of people had the same issue . I am not sure if it has something related with Linksys WRT54GX2 v1 -LRB- there is a v2 -RRB- . I have n't tried with SRX wireless client device but regardless the case , I think it should work with standard 802.11 g client . Do not buy this device , not worth the investment . I 've bought Linksys WRT54G v6 and it works much better than this one . I think it 's a device where Linksys needs to work a lot before it becomes stable and usable .
 Although I 've had good success with other Linksys products in the past , the first WRT54GX2 I ordered had a dead Ethernet interface and had to be returned . Its replacement would freeze up 1-2 minutes after powering on . Read the other comments and you 'll see that my experience was not unique . This is outrageous `` quality control , '' -- beware .
 I wish I could give this NO stars at all.This unit failed after just one month of service . Shipping back to the reseller was not an option because of the lack of feedback from the reseller in the first place.Investigating this unit myself , I found that the wireless card was NOT PLUGGED IN PROPERLY ! I know it did n't shake loose , because it was actually secured with double sided tape ! That means it LEFT THE FACTORY IMPROPERLY ASSEMBLED!After reseating the card , it seems to be working so far . Only time will tell . I am not buying anything else Linksys . If it fails again , it will be replaced with an Apple Airport Extreme Base station . *** Update *** After two more weeks of poor performance from this unit , it was replaced by a USED Apple Airport Extreme base station . The Apple unit has been rock-solid , requiring no further interaction - it just works.I recommend NOT BUYING THIS UNIT AT ALL . Get the Apple AIrport Extreme instead .
 This sounded like a good product and I liked the appearance . The first unit crashed when I attempted to do a firmware upgrade wireless -LRB- blinking power light -RRB- . After several sessions with Chat support was allowed to send it in for warranty exchange . The second unit was working fine until I purchased a Linksys print server and chat support decided to upgrade the unit wireless -LRB- another blinking power light -RRB- None of the methods on the internet or with Linksys worked . I was allowed another warranty exchange . The third router dropped the wireless link over and over . It dropped power for no good reason . I tried reinstalling firmware with a wired connection which went well , but gave me a blinking power light again . I give up !! I just got a Netgear router and it seems to be functioning correctly . I suggest you purchase electronic items from a local store !! You can just take it back when it faults . I spent way to much time and to much money trying to get this brick to work . I 'm an advance tech user and have much more patience than the average person .
 It was not easy to connect , customer service was icky to deal with and then after all the work it didnt work , very very weak signal for the few minutes that it did work.NOT MAC compatible also , dont buy it either way ! ~
 I bought this Linksys router on the advice of a salesman at CompUSA . It was what I was looking for and I had had success with Linksys products in the past . Not this time . I could not get any of Linksys software to recognize the router . Could n't ping the router either . Tech support said it was defective so I returned it to CompUSA . Tried again with no success and called tech support -LRB- 4th actual call -RRB- . They said it was another defective router . Two off of the shelf defective ! Needless to say returned for a refund .
 I bought the SRX200 to replace a Linksys WRT54G v. 1 because my 54g died after 4 years of stellar wireless coverage . As of March 17 , 2006 the SRX200 does not work properly out-of-the-box . It came with the original release of the firmware , and when I tried to upgrade the firmware it resulted in a `` Failure '' message.After talking to a couple of Tech Support reps in India I had to decide that the product was defective . I was experiencing a massive amount of dropped packets and attenuation . One tech rep actually was trying to convince me that it was a problem with my ISP!I replaced it with a WRT54GS v. 5 and it works like a charm right out-of-the-box . Until Linksys -LRB- Cisco -RRB- works the kinks out of the new MIMO boxes you should stick with the Wireless products that have been around .
 Like others here I bought this wireless/router expecting faster performance and better coverage . Ok until I tried updating the firmware then no more working wireless router . I did their web chat with tech support for 2 plus hours with them asking the same dumb question over and over . Then I tried the phone which took forever to get some outsourced quasi-english speaking person reading an install script from the web . The Web install - bombed , the `` special '' reset provided by the American tech bombed so now I have a $ 99 paper weight or it does work as a wired switch -LRB- figure that -RRB- . So to get my money 's worth I have to return it to Linksys and wait for a new one.Since I work with Cisco gear every day and know the company this lousy product support and software is inexcusable . I hope Cisco/Linksys is saving a ton on money on their India call center.SignedSr . Network Engineer
 I bought this few days ago and it had minimal signal with my son 's mac laptop.I had to disconnect it in a hurry when my wife 's VPN connection did not work . VPN established but no communication.My VPN worked fine though which is to a different place than where my wife connects via VPN .
 The horror stories about this product are true . After running a WRT54GS with a third party firmware for a couple years without problems , I 'm not used to a router giving me fits . This guy has no improvement on wireless range . It enjoys nearly completely dropping connectivity while plugged in . Even after updating the firmware , I have troubles . I 'm stuck with hoping for a new firmware to come out . Do n't put yourself in the same situation .
 I was hoping that I would get lucky and not have the DOA problems that some have had with these routers . Sadly , the second one is now going back ; it has the same symptoms that Linksys Tech Support worked with me on the first one that went back -LRB- gets a good IP address , but you ca n't ping it and the Setup program says it 's not connected ; this is on 2 computers , with different cables , etc ! -RRB- I give up !
 I bought the original version of this router . It always had some problems with the wireless connections -LRB- dropped connections , would n't work at all with WPA , etc. -RRB- It had the latest firmware , and I spent quite some time trying to troubleshoot the problems.I recently exchanged it for a new unit . The new one was slightly different -LRB- same part number , but the status LEDs are now on the front -LRB- skinny side -RRB- of the unit -RRB- . The new one seems to work well , but it 's only been one day.We will just have to see how it is in the long haul .
 Router does not work with IPTelephony - do n't waste your time trying to make it work . Too many bugs in QOS , UPnP , DMZ mode.I replaced the above router with WRT54GL with Tomato -LRB- open-source -RRB- firmware , and that solved all the problems . The tomato firmware is superb .
 Looks good on paper . IF you can get it to work , it works great . If you ca n't then it will lose wireless signal every 15-20 minutes . After a few weeks of using it , I had to call linksys customer support . They tried a few setting changes , but signal strength was poor . Poor is not even the correct word for it . I was sitting within 6 inches of router and signal strength was 11 mbps . When the new settings did n't work , customer support asked me when I purchased it . It was less than a month old so the advice was to return it to amazon . No packing box forced them to replace the router with new one from linksys , not amazon . Good part is return to linksys is not as faulty as this router .
 ... but does n't work very well with an XBOX 360 . This router is not XBOX Live compatible . We have three XBOX 360s in our house and if we play online together , it lags badly . We bought a WRT54GS and it works just as well as this , plus it 's fifteen dollars cheaper . I would n't recommend buying this .
 Well , after spending 3 hours on the phone with idiots , one finally tells me the device is n't working ! NO S & # % , I could tell that ! Frankly I would have gave it 1 star , but there is such a thing as a lemon and my luck is lousy . ;-RRB- I have n't desided if I 'm going to try this product again or not ... at this point I 've desided to shop around a little more .
 Router seems fine for general use , however based on my experience , posts by numerous people , and Linksys support , a VPN pass through connection CAN NOT be made ... beware !
 Despite some of the negative reviews , I took my chances on this -- offering 6 times the speed and 2x the range . However , I 've since reverted back to my old wifi router as this POS has major problems :1 . The startup routine requires you to connect via phone line , rather than true plug-n-play . Is n't that why I have a cable modem to begin with ? 2 . After setting up , I got a decent connection to my computer , but no connection to the internet . Turns out Linksys had a firmware update issued in Dec. 05 , which you need to download from their website to solve my problem .3 . I downloaded the firmware update using my old dial-up -LRB- painfully slow -RRB- and followed the steps to install . However , the firmware is now `` corrupted '' , so I no longer can connect to the router via my computer . I 've followed all reset options and get no connection.I realize these things have to work with a variety of computers , connection types , etc. , but do n't think it 's unrealistic to expect a consumer-oriented product to work properly out of the box .
 I have asked about the power adapter spec to Linksys support . They have answered as follows . > Thank you for contacting Linksys Support . > I checked with our Product Management and got the following > information for the WRT54GX2 : > Model Number
 I spent a whole afternoon trying to get this product to work on a laptop and three PC 's . Three were running XP and the other windows 2000 . None of the machines with the exception of the the pc it was connected to could get a signal from the router . And forget about service ... the `` chat technicion '' did n't even ask what my problem was before trying to get me to download router configuration instructions . After I told him I was communicating through the router he began to slow his responses and gave me no help what so ever . This was the WORST product and service experience I have ever had . Again , do not buy this product if you want a good wireless network in your house ... go somewhere else and forget this one.Caveat Emptor !
 Had SRX200 for more than a year . Due to some specifics of my Internet connection , I thought it worked OK for a while until I did a firmware upgrade . From that point on I had to tinker with it nearly every day . I thought that the problem might be with my Internet Provider -LRB- I live on acreage and get my Internet through proprietary hardware and an antenna on top of my house from a relay that is 1 mile away -RRB- until I replaced it with a 29.00 wireless router with no external antenna and smaller than a pack of cigarettes -LRB- I am normally using it for getting wireless in hotel rooms that still have cable only -RRB- . This replacement removed many of the other performance problems I used to have and kept blaming on provider and computers in the house . This is what happens when a company invests more dedication in marketing than engineering -LRB- SRX was supposed to be , as written on the product , a `` speed and range eXpanison '' , it has two antennas and the size is double versus other similar products and priced higher -RRB- . Bad strategy Linksys/Cisco , you are not doing your part .
 I bought this router and since the first day it dit not work , dont buy this product .
 I have had pretty good success with Linksys products in the past and I would consider myself an above average user . So when I read some negative feedback about this product I figured it was just some user configuration issues . Was I wrong !!! It wireless fuction worked off and on for a couple of weeks before I exchanged the model at the store . The second model had the same problem . During my 2 months of dealing with this nightmare I must have spent 30 to 40 hours on the phone with tech support . The first time I was on hold for over 3 hours . I had to reexplain the issues to tech support each time -LRB- you would think they could just read the case notes !! -RRB- . EVERY time they asked if I was using a Linksys adapter card or if I was running WPA security . Each time I politely explanined that I did not have a Linksys card and that I would like to run WPA because the box , literature and website all said the device was backwards compatible with any b/g device and that it supported WPA . I finally gave up and turned off all security features and I still had the same problem.Do not buy this router !! The frustration that is involved if it does not work with an internal Intel wireless card is unbelievable . And the tech support is all done from India , which is fine , but there is a real language barrier sometimes .
 My older D-Link router stopped working , so it seemed like a good opportunity to upgrade to a newer technology . Well , the Linksys is not it.I have one desktop computer that has a wired NIC , and two laptops with wireless . My printer is attached to the printer port on the desktop . I use a peer-to-peer network to print from my laptops . Unfortunately , the Linksys does not permit this configuration . It keeps the wired and wireless computers on separate peer-to-peer networks with no way to bridge the networks.Secondly , the documentation you get with the Linksys is extremely poor . It looks like the marketing guy decided to include a PDF brochure on the CD and call it a manual . The manual was obviously not written by someone who understands computer networks.Thirdly , the router tends to lock up . I have only had the router installed for about 18 hours , and I have had to reset it twice . I am definitely returning this one .
 I have been using this router for a month but it has been nothing but problems . I contacted Linksys and they replaced it with a refurbished unit . The main issue I have is the latency on the device . Tonight I noticed that Linksys had a firmware update and tried it too but still it is worthless to me . When using VOIP or playing BF2 the latency causes interruptions and drops . I started pinging the interface with a directly attached PC and laptop . The response time goes from 1ms to 1000ms and timeouts at times . I would not recommend this device .
 I have had this SRX200 router for less than 2 years and it recently started becoming intermittent and it disconnects from the modem every few minutes . Very annoying , and should have never happened .
 i was hoping to replace my previous wrt54g from linksys with this router , it didnt happen ! i sent this thing back to the store because of setup problems at first and then overall signal quality just sucked , it dropped my wifi once every five minutes . tech support dunno what was going on so i just gave up on this piece of junk . right now im thinking twice about replacing ol' wrt54g its just a little old but its been the most reliable yet and im still using it right now , but this wrt54gx2 model should have never even been concieved of . i dunno who came up with it but its just another worthless piece of plastic and scrap metal sucking on ur electricity .
 Ordered this based on recommendation by someone in the Iriver Forum for transferring pictures from a digital camera to a portable hard drive mp3 device . I own the Nikon 4500 and an Iriver H340 and when I travel I want to download pictures from the SD card in the camera to the hard drive , then reuse the SD picture storage card - as opposed to carrying a bunch of the storage cards . In Oct. 2004 I confidently and foolishly purchased from Amazon this Syncbox . The Forum had stated the device as made by Macally and before purchase I phoned Macally in California and made inquiries . The company was in process of upgrading the device to one with a readable screen and had a picture of the future device on their webside -LRB- macally dot com -RRB- . I informed the tech staff person about my needs and equipment and was given the go ahead . Bought this device here , got it , read the manual , connected the Syncbox between the camera and hard drive as directed , and lo ! the Syncbox just did not function as expected . My camera contained numerous photos and the Syncbox just did not transfer the pictures . I finally got it to transfer folders from the camera to my HDD , however only the folder names transferred . Meaning the folders had nothing in them ! leaving the pics on the other side . What a waste of my time , cash and efforts . I promptly printed AMAZON 's RETURN LABEL - and lo ! again - Amazon send email of receipt of the device and CHARGED ME $ 13 -LRB- yes thirteen dollars -RRB- in postage . At the Post Office I could have returned the device for less than three dollars . Talk about double jeopardy . Burned twice . Oh well . I can take my own advice in the future . Beware items without excellent reviews and beware Amazon 's return labels . Happy holidays !
 This may be a good headset , but as one user noted , it uses a non standard jack which you have to buy separately , and it is not easy to find . Amazon does n't sell it , and Sennheiser wo n't sell direct . It does not work with the Andrea USB adapter either . For this kind of money , it ought to include the adapters for use on a computer ! Buy something else .
 BEWARE ! This headset comes with a non-standard quick-connect . I needed an adapter to go from quick-connect to 3.5 mm for my Blackberry . This adapter does n't exist . Even a call to Sennheiser failed to resolve this problem . If you are planning to connect to a Blackberry or other smart phone , pick a different headset .
 Made of very cheap plastic . Saw an ipod version of this at Target for $ 9.99 . I got ripped off .
 The haze filter worked well.The polarizing filter blurred my pictures.The defect appears to be in the polarizing film that is laminated between the glass lenses.I will spend the money and get a better quality polarizing filter next time .
 This product is a piece of junke , No wonder why there is not any store selling this product . It get frozeen when you are downlouding music , very annoying noises when you get the highest volumen , it turn off by itself sometimes without no reason , and the software is not friendly at all.If I were you , I would pay the same money for a shuffle IPod which is real quality and has 4GB istead of M25 motorola which is 2500MB
 I recommend NOT to purchase this item . Look for another one.The lens itself seems ok , although I ca n't really say , but the adapter which is built in to the lens is shoddy and cumbersome and ruins the the whole deal . The adapter is a quick release type where one end attaches to the camera and the lens simply snaps in , or is quickly released . This would be great , except for two very important things . One , the lens fits very loosely in the quick release adapter . This causes some MAJOR distortion , especially when moving . Two , the housing is made of thin plastic which does not seem very durable . In fact it is so cheaply thin that I am afraid to leave it in my car because the heat may distort the plastic . One drop , even a small one , and it is done for .
 It 's a nice attempt , but the Ximeta device is too limited to be useful . A network storage device where only one computer can write to the drive ?? What were they thinking ? I 'm also put off by the special drivers that must be loaded to access the drive . My user has Macs and PCs at home , and this drive is n't cutting it . We 're back on the hunt for a better solution . Hopefully one that uses standard TCP/IP and does n't need special drivers for basic operation .
 I do n't know what to think about their product right now . I purchased a 160 gig version in an older box type that did n't have the on/off switch . It was working excellent ! I then purchased a 250 gig version with the on/off switch . So far no problems with the newer one but the older one has just crashed after many many problems . I used it for a couple years and then started to have problems left and right . It was working good until I upgraded to the latest driver then it would n't work with two computers , but the newest driver fixed that . At times it would freeze up and I 'd have to unplug it and remount it to get it to work . Everytime I would try to back it up to the new netdisk I 'd get error messages . Stupid me kept all my pictures , movies , home videos , tax and financial records , and mp3 's on it . Then one day ... it stopped recognizing it so I installed it in my computer and it said I had to reformat it . I contacted tech support and they said that I could send it in to see if they could fix it . No way not with all those irreplaceable files . I recovered what I could with my erroneous backups and am now trying to see if I can recover the rest without paying over $ 100 dollars . This was supposed to be my backup , but you have to backup your backup !! I do n't think I 'm going to buy another one and am reluctant to try another network attached drive .
 I had purchased an 80gb version and within two months the power switch became very ` touchy ' . that is not wanting to stay on . Then the rear AC adaptor plug was also loose , while pulling out the plug and reinserting I got an arc and a small puff of smoke came out . I emailed their support and they asked that I send it in and see if they could salvage the hard drive . Ok I admit that I became impatient at this point and decided to get a second one from office depot . I opened both cases and swapped the internal hard drives thinking that is was only the power connection . I know not the best idea , but I was desperate for the information I stored on it . After adding the power to the second one it also shorted out , and both models are useless . I think the second part of the story is my fault , but defiantly not the first part . I would NOT recommend this product to anyone that needs a reliable storage device .
 I bought one of these about two years ago and could never get it to work with more than one computer at a time . Eventually I just used it with one computer ... moved years worth of photo files to it to free up space on my laptop . Then I did n't use it for quite a while . Just got a new laptop , new router to plug the disk into , and decided to recover my files . Downloaded the latest driver , went through re-registering the thing ... out of about 20 tries , maybe 3 times it indicated it was mounted . But when I tried to open the disk it would get disconnected . Finally hooked it up via USB just to see if I could copy my files and now it shows up as an unformatted disk . Ximeta web site is wholly unhelpful . Guess I 'll be taking it to a data recovery specialist ... will never buy Ximeta anything again .
 Have the same problems with the power switch crapping out . Lost over 400gigs of photos . Can not recommend .
 Unfortunately , I must agree with some of the other reviewers of this product . The drive works fine ... except when it does n't . I 've had my PC -LRB- which runs Windows XP Pro -RRB- lock up more than usual ever since I got this drive . Ximeta tech support is usually pretty responsive but their tech people give conflicting information . One will tell me that they 've never heard of my particular problem then another will email and tell me something like `` yeah , we know about this issue and we 're working on it ... '' And it always seems that the fix is to download and install new drivers which have yet to resolve my issues . I would recommend that people stay away from this at least until Ximeta can get all of the kinks worked out of their product . It 's a really great idea for shared network storage but it is not quite ready for prime time .
 I bought the Ximeta 160GB drive in hopes of creating shared network storage between 3 Mac 's - a 15 '' Powerbook , a 12 '' iBook and and a G5 Tower machine . The Ximeta has been somewhat of a disappointment in a Mac networked environment.First off , only one user can write to the drive at a time . The other users should -LRB- key word being should -RRB- have read only access . In reality , the Ximeta is quirky and wo n't mount up for the read-only users . You constantly have to play with enabling and disabling the drive through the Ximeta admin tool , shutting off and restarting the drive to enable the read only access . Should a second Mac enable read/write access , it will cause the first user 's session to unmount and cause the drive to disappear . The drive will also momentariy unmount causing the Mac 's -LRB- all on OSX 10.3.7 -RRB- to display `` improper disconnect and loss of data '' alerts when it happens , or to display error messages that the Mac cannout mount a drive with an unknown format , even though the drive ins formatted in Mac OS extended format.Secondly , the file transfer rate is extremely slow for the read/write users . I was intending this drive to be a central storage point for all my music so I could off-load the files to the Ximeta . iTunes will hang and freeze on trying to play files from the Ximeta . On the occasions it will play the file , it can take almost a minute or two for playback to begin when using one of the files on the Ximeta . Using the Ximeta with a wireless Mac is excruciating in how slow the performance works out to be.Ximeta 's support solutions for Mac users are pretty awful , mainly consisting of uninstalling and re-installing the Ximeta drivers , which I 've done more times then I can count , or advising to stop any firewall software , or the most extreme solution in purchasing alternate routers/switches to improve performance . I 've gone through 3 different brands of switches - Linksys , Netgear and D-Link - all producing the same poor performance.On the PC front , it seems to work as advertised . I have one WinXP PC I 've configured to run the Ximeta -LRB- after re-formatting to NTFS format -RRB- and it appear to run smoother with faster transfer rates . However , Mac users can only use the drive in a mixed network environment if the drive is formatted as FAT32 . The drive out of the box is formatted as NTFS , so to format as FAT32 you either have to use a 3rd party formatting tool like Partition Magic or format the drive using the Mac to create one 160GB partition as Windows will attempt to create 4 - 5 32GB FAT32 partitions on the drive.For Mac only users , I would recommend looking elsewhere for a NAS drive . The Ximeta is definitely not-ready-for-primetime in the Mac world .
 I was never able to set it up for my windows 2000 machine and I am trying to return it . Tried the latest drivers , etc. . The program crushed and even after I uninstalled it I am having some popup windows after rebooting complaining that some drives are missing .
 I purchased this external hard drive in a hurry because I needed a quick backup of my entire system . I did n't have the time -LRB- nor the patience -RRB- to scope out the entire market for external hard drives . At the time of purchase , I was only concerned about transferring some large files . However , once I completed my core task with this drive , I thought it could be useful for backup purposes in the future . Unfortunately , the hard drive has a series of upsetting problems associated with it . First , it overheats very easily . It heats up within a few minutes and does not cool down unless you turn it off . Second , the power switch does not work very well - it is already malfunctioning and I have had this device for only a few months and barely use it as is ! I 'm talking about an AC adaptor that is * very * loose and will lose power if the device is just barely tapped . Third , there are much better quality drives out there at a fraction of the cost . I found this out the hard way and that is why I am writing this review . While the drive still works , it does have its faults . I feel that before buying a Ximeta product , be sure to review all of your options first ! It seems like Ximeta is a newer company in the external hard drive market and while the product does offer an appealing exterior design , the inside -LRB- which is where it matters -RRB- just does n't stand up to powerhouses like Seagate and Maxtor.Update
 This product 's serious problem is that its driver is n't compatible with Windows XP 's standard power management features . Thus , whenever you turn off the computer , you have to shut off Windows so that it takes long time when you turn on the machine again . They are obviously aware of the problem and claim that their new 2.42 version NDAS driver solves the problem . NO . While the machine 's past driver made windows refuse to be shutdown with a warning message , the new driver makes the computer crash . What a crap ! Their NDAS approach has its own merit like fast speed but , imho , this machine will cause serious inconvenience regarding your office computers ' booting process .
 Unlike ordinary Network Attached Storage -LRB- NAS -RRB- devices , which use standard file sharing protocols such as NFS , SMB or AFP to make shared storage available on a network , the Ximeta NetDisk takes a novel approach dubbed NDAS for Network Direct Attached Storage , which consists in using a `` SCSI over IP '' protocol to simulate a SCSI hard drive locally attached to the client computer.Essentially , you install Ximeta 's software on your computer and configure it to virtually `` plug in '' your network drive to your computer , which will act as if a physical hard drive had been connected to it.There are two major problems with this approach
