 The description said NEW . Maybe it was new but it was an old version and was very poor at that . Much prefer my old version of Street Atlas or Mapquest .
 Title says it all . Watch out for suppliers that swap out to a lower performance battery .
 I 've had this battery for about 3-4 months and am highly disappointed in it . The first month or so it worked just fine , but after that , it started losing charge rapidly . I have missed many photo ops because my battery has died after just a short period of use . You clearly get what you pay for ; I did n't want to spend the extra to get the name brand Olympus battery , but I will be now after a lesson learned -- and a lot of photos missed !
 I can not get this cover to fit the new iPod Nano . Maybe it fits the old one ...
 I guess I should believe the reviewers . If I got 75 feet out of this 100 ' roll , I 'd be suprised . What a ripoff , stay away from this manufacturer .
 As many others have discovered , reels are significantly short of 100ft . In this day and age that is unacceptable - look elsewhere .
 Ordered this to build some speaker cables for our church monitors . Fairly good wire , good guage -LRB- fyi - it is very close to actually being 12 gauge , which surprised me -RRB- . Holds up to solder well . BUT ... it is NOT 100 ' of cable . As with others , we are 10 feet short of 100 ' . I had red the reviews , and took a chance because we needed clear cable that would `` hide '' well in the Sanctuary . Cable carries voltage well , little resistance change , pushing 4 ohm with no problem or heat buildup . Given all this - I have to ask ... why are you shorting us 10 feet in cable ? If you had advertized this as 90 ' - I would still have purcahsed it .
 I read some reviews before choosing this product . Some people mentioned that they received less feet on the roll . Sure enough , I bought 100 ' of cable and I got a 90 ' roll . What a crook company !!!! do n't buy this product .
 For some reason I expected them to have sorted this issue . As of April 2009 , still receiving short rolls - mine was 89 feet at best . Also be aware that one of the conductors is aluminum , not copper .
 I ordered the Metra label wire and was sent this , which I gather is also made by Metra . I can tell it 's cheap compared to the Monoprice wire I used for 3 HT speakers before running out of a 100 ft. spool . I ca n't strip away the plastic cover without breaking strands of wire - very thin and brittle . This was easy to do with the Monoprice . Clearly a difference in quality . Almost does n't look like 12 gauge . Surprised , because Amazon has high standards and I trust the brands they sell even when I 'm not familiar with them .
 The shipping is real quick . I got it in 4 days . Thanks for Amazon . But for the wire , I only can give 3 stars . This is not a 100 ' wire . 10ft shorter ! I do n't think that is acceptable . They cheat on customer . Now I have to buy another set . If you can avoid this product .
 thumbs down !!! the reason this wire is half the price of other brands , is because only half the wire is copper !!! stay away from this product !!!
 The product description indicates this is copper , and it is in fact aluminum . I 'm buying 12 guage speaker wire for a reason , and it is not to cut corners on copper . Also , I checked the length of the roll , and there are 90 ' and not 100 ' feet of wire . I `` m shocked with all these bad reviews and fraudulent description both in the quantity and quality , Amazon should rethink what it is selling .
 after review all of negative feed back about this company i thought give them i try if they improve their service but after got the cable today , i open and Measure right away , guess what ? it only 85ft instead of a 100 ft. Stay away from this company , they try to rip you off with this
 I 'll second all these previous reviews about these wires do n't come in 100 ft per spool . I ordered two 100 ft spools , one spool comes with only 80 ft , and the second one comes in two pieces :60 ft and 30 ft. I 've concluded the manufactuer do n't have the intention to fix the problem . If you can live with the quality control of the footage , these wires appear in good quality and the price is reasonable .
 Although seemingly inexpensive and of quality , this is actually only a 50 foot section of speaker wire as they are counting your + and - cables as each of 50 foot length -LRB- adding up to a supposed total of 100 foot -RRB- ... both + and - cables are indeed attached and thus you are only getting 50 feet of cable ... secondly , the shielding around the cable is about 1/3 that of competitors like Monster Cable -LRB- which I had bought earlier and returned because this looked like such a good deal -RRB- ... perhaps the MADE TO RAPTOR `` S RIGID SPECIFICATIONS IN CHINA should have been the dead give away ... after cutting the cables to length and going through the process of installing this cable , as well as now listening to the speakers compared to Monster Cable I have on a nearby other surround sound set of speakers , I get more static from these cables on any speaker I put on them ... furthermore , the first picture in the product images is decidely NOT what they sent , for what I received was half that size ... though the last image of the set is shot at an obscure angle , it MIGHT be the actual smaller size ... The only deal here is that the company selling these , misrepresented the product and is dealing you bad eggs ... Amazon should take this item off or change its description so other buyers do n't have to take all this out , go to BEST BUY , and get proper replacement cables !
 I used this to replace existing wire to extend the length . Parts of the wire reduced the sound . This is junk , poor quality . I would buy another brand .
 I bought this 100 ' wire two rolls one is 12 ' short & another one 13 ' short . So totally I lost 25 ' wires from both rolls , feels kind of cheating.Quality wise no problem .
 I ordered a 100 foot roll and only received 91 feet . I needed to make three pieces
 Both 100 ' spools of this wire came in TWO pieces.I discovered that I 'd have to splice it halfway through a difficult install . URHHHH !!!! Avoid these problems by buying other vendor 's products .
 This is the worst case of stealing from the consumer in a long time . The cable is not all copper , just one side and the length is 11 1/2 feet short of 100ft ! wow ! This product is shown on other sites -LSB- google search -RSB- as almost always short by huge amounts of feet not 2 inches , but eleven plus feet short.I had to drive 70 miles to pick up a cable after this lemon came . I could not finish the install that day . waste of time for this raptor wire.very poor of the china manufacture ... buy USA
 If you actually need 100 ' of cable do not use this . I needed to run about 90 ' and my my spool had about 82 ' on it which completely screwed me up . I did not listen to others here and now I have to pay for it .
 so I hire an electrican , get ready to install wiring for a home theatre system , and find out that my 3 runs are all 3 feet short . I pull them , and they are all 30 feet not 33 . Boy am I annoyed . Went back and found another reviewer with the same experience . Guess I should have been less trusting
 I thought maybe with all of the complaints about short rolls the supplier would have fixed the problem , but they have n't . The roll I bought was only 89 ft long . It would n't have bothered me if that would have been enough , but I really needed all 100 ft. I was only able to hook up 4 out of five speakers , and now I need to find another 10 ft of wire somewhere and wait a few more days to enjoy my surround sound system .
 I bought this cable to do my surround for a house I was building . I did all my calculation on how much I was going to need , put some contingency of about 10 % in terms or wire length , etc.well , pretty soon I realized they the 100ft they clame they sell you , its really only 87 ft. I bought 2 rolls and both were short by over 10 ft each.I call and they said I could return it and they will try to send me others back , I didnt have the luxury of time for doing all this since my builder was putting the drywall in the next few days . I can of course I just can not delay the contruction of an entire house just because this wire.So at the end I had to use whatever they send me and go buy some more cable at a local store -LRB- more expensive of course -RRB- . So bottom line is that I paid for 200 ft of cable and I only got 178 ft.so if you are buying this wire , buy a lot buy 50 % more of what you are going to need . based on other reviews it looks like I am not they only one with this problem .
 I got this because of the price and because I thought it was good enough . Bad decision ! I have WinXP . The software does n't really work on XP like the company website says it should . In face , WinDVR always crashed when I tried to timeshift it . -LRB- I have a Dell Inspiron 1100 , 2ghz celeron with 256 ddr sdram and 30 gb hd , i should be ok -RRB- . TV and radio reception are terrible . I have an 8-yr-old watchman that gets better reception on the same lenght antenna.The device does n't play sound from the mic in . I use a freeware program called funnyvoice.exe to play the audio.AVI capture is not very customizable and results in huge files . I use an excellent program called `` VirtualDub-1 .5.1 . zip '' to capture video and compress it with the newest DivX codec . Rather than recording a 3 minute video off the TV at 120 MB , I get it at maybe 20 MB . But all this software that I use to make it work has taken me a ridiculous amount of effort and the quality of the capture or TV is only so-so , even with cable input . Plus , the audio out of the thing does n't work so I just plug the audio from my TV directly into my computer.So , now with these two programs I have a decent video recording and tv-watching device , though the quality is still atrocious and the documentation and customer support at kworld is even worse.Don ' t get this if you want an easy ride . I 'm pretty good with computers and only recently has this purchase stopped driving me crazy -LRB- now that I 've found these two freeware software programs -RRB- . Bottom line
 Optics Planet advertised shipment in 3-5 weeks . After 30 days I emailed to see if it was in stock yet & Optics Planet replied stating that it will be at least 4 more months before they will have it in stock .
 Kworld is everywhere and its all junk i 've tried so many of there devices just to have to deal with crap software and strange delays
 I 've found this CD drive only in the cheapest , no-name PCs . It 's a low end CD burner which did n't work well with various burning softwares and tech support is non-existent . It 's simply more cost effective to buy a better product than to waste valuable time trying to get this thing to work .
 I 'm trying to back up movies that I took on vacation -LRB- JVC Camcorder -RRB- and loaded in the Everio Media Browser software by Pixela . I ca n't make these disks work . I suspect the slow speed -LRB- 8X -RRB- is a hang up , but Pixela ca n't help . Their program does n't offer a speed setting , so nothing to do but watch the error message come up . I 'm not a computer expert , but just a user , however , some hint that this could be a problem would have been nice .
 Two coasters right off the bad . Then one which gave up the ghost about half way through a burn . Used MAM-A CDs before with no problem.Burned a Verbatim right after the failures with no problem.Don ' t waste your $ $ or your time .
 Unfortunately I could not burn to a single one of these -LRB- nor to any of their CD versions -RRB- . I bought 10 of each -LRB- CD and DVD -RRB- . I 'm running a Dell PC using Win XP and Nero burning software -LRB- inCD -RRB- . I do not know the technical reasons why , but not a single one of these would work on my computer . I tried them on one other Dell PC computer which uses XP profesional and they would not burn either , so I just wanted to give a `` heads up '' .
 I purchased this unit and installed using the preamp outputs to run the speakers . There was lots of noticeable noise with the car sitting still and not running after several e-mails to pioneer I decided to move on to another unit . It was a comaparable model by another manufacture and it was perfect no noise . I might add the speaker outputs on the pioneer were noise free and yes I tried different amps and every type of connection cables with no change . I 'm in the process of running the pioneer .
 Avoid this product . I do some teaching with the deaf and needed a portable DVD player and I thought this rugged one would be up for the challenge . Well , it was n't . I was n't rough on it at all , in fact , I 'm quite delicate with all my tech . However , this product is just cheaply made . My first issue is that if you pause video for more than 30 seconds the DVD stops spinning which is to save power I assume which sounds good in theater but once you hit Play it goes into higher speed and moves so fast you ca n't comprehend anything . Yuck ! There was a workaround of hitting play and rewind and play again , who wants to do that ?! Later , the window that lets you see the DVD inside broke off falling in with the rapidly spinning DVD . Later the hinge that holds the WAY TOO HEAVY battery on the back broke . I bought two of these , one for me , one for my dad and we both had all these same issues . Stay away from this piece of junk . I would recommend any dvd player that has the battery as the full bottom , do n't get one that hangs off the back . It 's terrible design and causes the device to feel a lot more unbalanced .
 We purchased this DVD player after reading a good review about it in Outside magazine . Sounds like we were lucky and ours worked almost 5 months before it started to scratch the DVD 's and not play anything . I sent it back three months ago and have called every two weeks since to find out when we could expect what I thought is/was going to be a NEW player for a $ 90 service charge . I am continually told it will be another two weeks before they are in stock . After reading the other reviews I have resigned to the fact that I will probably never see a replacement . Fine by me ... I plan on buying another portable DVD player made by a company like Sony or Panasonic . Go Video 's customer service is horrid . You ca n't even get a human being on the phone at their corporate office .
 My player did n't work properly within the first 4 times using it . I sent it in for warranty repair and received AN EMPTY BOX back ! Can you believe that ? THEY SENT AN EMPTY BOX ! Now , I have been trying to get a replacement or even my original unit back but the Customer Service is HORRIBLE . It seems I am not alone on this issue and I wish GoVideo would get the pants sued off them for Fraud.If you have issues , call the Attorney General of the State of Arizona . I am doing that right now . 1-800-352-8431 . You can also call corporate and get EVERYONE 's voice mail -LRB- does anyone really work at GoVideo ? -RRB- I think they exist to rip people off . I would recommend Amazon.com and other retailers STOP SELLING THEIR PRODUCT . It makes them look bad .
 Although I purchased a different unit , the GoVideo 8440 Portable DVD Player , it played exactly 6 movies before dying . GoVideo replaced it with a refurbished model , which arrived in non-working condition . In addition , the original 90 day warranty is still in force , GoVideo refused to extend it to the refurbished unit . Sitting on hold now with customer service waiting for a answer ... I heartily recommend NOT BUYING any GoVideo products unless you are prepared for wasted money and time on hold with customer service .
 This product is a piece of garbage and the customer support from GoVideo is pathetic . I purchased this product last November for my child 's xmas present . Several times it just stopped playing , then resumed working a few minutes , hours or days later . Finally just before the warranty ran out it quit altogether . I contacted GoVideo for support , no easy feat as I waited on hold 45 minutes to 1 hour after no response by email -LRB- including 2nd and 3rd emails -RRB- for 1 month . They told me my only option was to send the unit back and pay $ 89.95 for a `` labor charge '' and they would send a new replacement . The replacement arrived yesterday , worked for about a minute and died . I am totally disgusted with this product and company . I would never purchase another product from them again .
 I had minimal expectations for this product
 I do n't have this particular device , but I intend this as a public service to anyone purchasing any `` GoVideo '' products . I 've owned two GoVideo products in my life ; one of the first dual VCRs they introduced and a portable DVD player . Within months of purchasing the DualDeck recorder , it developed a nasty habit of failing to eject tapes . I would literally have to remove the back panel of the deck to remove tapes . I kept it , and used it like that , at one point simply leaving the deck open , until it finally failed completely 10 years later , still 5 years short of the Quasar VCR I purchase 10 years before the GoVideo device . Do the math.More recently , and more inline with this forum , my dad gave my son a GoVideo portable DVD player , model GVP-5850 . Within 6-months of very , non-continuous use -LRB- we have a player in the van -RRB- , it no longer loads DVD 's . I think my son watched a grand total of four movies on it before it failed.Maybe others have had more luck with GoVideo products than I , and if so , congratulations . But for those considering a GoVideo purchase , keep your receipt , register the product , and pay close attention to the warranty period . You might also consider an extended warranty , if offered .
 I bought a GoVideo DP7240 player that quit playing DVD 's after three months of very limited use . Multiple calls to their pathatic customer service center only yielded fustration and a complete slap to the face by demanding a $ 90 replacement fee for a refurbished , replacement unit . Do not waste your money on any GoVideo products . GoVideo markets poor quality products only to rip-off consumers .
 I DO NOT HAVE A LOT OF EXPERIENCE WITH THIS TYPE OF EQUIPMENT . MINE WORKS JUST FINE . BUT , THE BATTERY DOES NOT WORK AT ALL . IF YOU WANT TO BUY IT TO KEEP IT CONNECTED IN YOUR CAR OR AT HOME , FINE , BUT DO NOT EVER BELIEVE YOU WILL BE ABLE TO USE IT TRAVELLING -LRB- BY PLANE , BUS FOR EXAMPLE -RRB- . BATTERY LIFE IS OF ABOUT 45MIN TO 1 HOUR . TOTALLY DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS EQUIPMENT BECAUSE OF THAT .
 I also read a positive review in CNET and bought this - it started being flaky after about 2 months , and it 's completely dead now at 4 months . I wish I read the Amazon customer reviews before buying it . Whoever gave this 5 stars either works for GoVideo or has n't used it for long before rating it.I will not buy another GoVideo product again .
 I purchased this item and gave it as a Christmas gift -LRB- 2005 -RRB- . It broke after only 5 days . Because I bought it on line , I ca n't just return it for a refund . I read a positive review of this item on the CNET website and ordered it . Then I read the negative reviews on this site . CNET should be held accountable for not giving truthful information about this product .
 This product does not work with windows 7 , the driver package will not install and logitech does not support this device . I really thought we were beyond the days of lame excuses for developers , but apparently we are not . If you own Windows 7 , DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I bought this based on the reviews from other users stating that it `` just worked '' with there macs . I have the same computer and it doesnt `` just work '' ive spent hours tracking down drivers , cant find any ... waste of money
 Things you should know about this monitor1 . Resolution and color depth is really poor . Watching DVD 's on this monitor are practically impossible , all the people are RED and black . Its obviously not the DVD as I have a DVD player at home hooked up to a TV . The issue is not the brightness and contrast on the monitor as I have tried that as well .2 . My monitor now has a wonderful WHITE line in the middle of the screen . The one issue is my monitor is 2 years old , but still this white line means I am going to have to throw this away . I initially paid 400.00 for it and now i really regret it .3 . Please read point # 1 . I love watching movies on my computer , but I ca n't because of color depth .
 I purchased the Westinghouse LCM-22w2 monitor 10 months ago for $ 315 from an Ebay reseller who purchased this monitor at Best Buy 4 days before I bought it . It came factory sealed . -LRB- Best Buy was sold out when I drove 2 hours to get one . -RRB- It has gone out after 10 months of use and Westinghouse will not honor the warranty nor give me any help with figuring out what is wrong with it to service it . I now have a 22-inch paper weight that was extremely costly considering it only lasted 10 months . I will never buy another Westinghouse product as long as I live .
 I have tried to get support from Westinghouse for a laptop and have been left for dead like the computer . It died one week after the warranty and there is no place to repair it even for $ . Be careful buying Westinghouse products .
 I picked up one for $ 167 during the Turkey Day sales to replace a very aged 17in tube monitor and am definitely impressed . I have held out for quite some time for a great deal on a LCD as this computer is primarily used for surfing , e-mail , etc. ... but so far , it was definitely worth the money and the wait . As mentioned in the other reviews , I also found the stand a bit `` cheap '' but where else can you get a 22 in LCD for this price ! Still unable to make the speakers work , but not a big concern . Anyhow , strongly recommend this one if you can get it for under $ 200 .
 I loved this monitor when I purchased it . However it died at 18 months and there was absolutely nothing to do but buy a new monitor . Basically spending $ 150 every year and a half for a monitor is ridiculous . I will not be purchasing any Westinghouse products again.It 's true you get what you pay for . Do n't save yourself money now - you 'll just have to shell out more later .
 I purchased 2 of these monitors 23 months ago . Both monitors died within 3 weeks of eachother . That is a short life in my opinion . Wo n't purchase Westinghouse again .
 I purchased this monitor and absolutely loved it , THAT IS UNTIL it died last week after 17 months , no more warranty . Very disappointed that the life span for this monitor was barely 1 1/2 years , will switch to another more reliable brand -LRB- possibly HP -RRB- for my next purchase . Absolutely sinful that I 'm tossing a a monitor which is almost brand new and cost me almost $ 300.00 at time of purchase . Buyers beware !!
 My husband bought out moniter after Christmas in 2008 . For the past several months it too has been taking forever to turn on . I did have problems with it randomly shutting off , but fixed that by telling my computer to never put it into sleep or standby . I researched if this was a common probem and lo and behold it is . I was able to find a fix for it , 8 of the capitors need to be replaced . I found this on a repair website . Apparently the capacitors will eventually not hold a charge and the moniter will die . Stinks seeing as my husband paid over $ 200 for it less than 2 years ago . you can buyt he parts for about $ 15 and looks like a fairly easy repair . Will post an update once we have received the parts and replaced the bad capacitors .
 For the price , it could n't be beat . BUT , in a few months , it started turning off . Turn it back on , and it blinked off . Next day worked fine , then started all over again . I checked all my settings and connections on my desktop . Wrote and called and emailed about this . The Dell people said it was the monitor , the Westinghouse people said it was the Dell.This is a never again review . A monitor should just WORK , regardless of the price !
 Less than a year after buying this monitor , it 's already dying . Takes forever now to get it to turn on . I expect it to completely stop working soon . I have to keep pressing the power button on and off for about 20 minutes for it to finally stay on .
 I bought this back about six months ago . At first the image was crisp and sharp , but after about five months the resolution became much less sharp . Read the instructions . No help . Contacted Westinghouse . No help . Contacted the store I bought it from . No help.Thought maybe the side touch controls were misadjusted as it is easy to bring them up when you go to turn the monitor off . No such easy solution . Basically the monitor is a headache giver if you use it too long.To go back to the controls . They are located on the side and they are touch controls . The buttons are slightly raised and when you do locate them there are no clicks to tell you whether they are on or off -- you only know when something appears on the screen . Unless you have memorized the order of the buttons then it is anyone 's guess as to what will appear for adjustment ! Once they appear it can be a guessing game to figure out the configuration.When this monitor 's resolution was at its peak before it decided to break down a bit -- the gaming was fantastic . Colors , graphics etc. were beautifully displayed on the widescreen . The monitor itself is sharp looking , light enough to move around , and also is great if you work with a couple of programs at a time in that you can display both by narrowing them . This saves on space if you do n't want to deal with a dual monitor system !
 Now I fried my power supply a year ago and switched to a laptop because my desktop computer was outdated anyway , so I tried to hook it up to my 15.4 inch laptop comp . and it is so pixelated that you cant look at it with crying , it is truly disgraceful . However , when it was hooked up to my desktop it worked well , and I had no problems with it considering the price -LRB- 180 -RRB- . Do not buy this if you plan to hook it up to a laptop . -LRB- mine has a 512mb dedicated video card , so there is no graphics problem -RRB-
 If Satan and the Marquis de Sade ever teamed up and went into the hardware business , this is the monitor they would make . In this case , Satan is Microsoft -LRB- the kings of mediocrity -RRB- and deSade is Westinghouse . Together they teamed up to bring you this huge interface fail.The item has just one , big -LRB- major -RRB- problem . It is impossible to turn on . This is because 10 or 12 years ago some jackass invented the ` soft ' power button . A power button that really does n't turn anything on unless the device is in the right mood , in an effort to protect you from god knows what . In my case all it does is protect me from ever turning my monitor on . You press the button , an LED turns green , then fades away because you are in the wrong mode ... the monitor never responds . Silly human ! Go stand in the corner , and think about what you 've done . Press the ` soft ' power button again ... Nothing . Unplug the power cord ... Replug it in ... Nothing . Unplug the signal cable ... and replug that in ... Nothing . Press 30 keys on the keyboard ... while clicking the mouse ... Nothing . Nothing will convince this monitor it is hooked up to a computer once it 's in sleep mode . Countless times , I 've spent up to 45 infuriating minutes trying to persuade this monitor to turn on ; at which point I can usually no longer recall w hat I even needed to do . Aggravating.You can press that tiny , concealed button -LRB- head of a pin ? -RRB- till the cows come home , and this obstinate product will neither turn on ; nor give any indication why it will not do so . There is not control on a pc that can overcome this damned button . Got an idea for something you want to write down fast ? Got a shopping urge you need the web for ? Forget it ! By the time this heinous monitor turns on , it 's an hour later & you 've gone to bed.Nothing will prepare you for the completely incompetent nightmare that is this product.I 've lost a month or two of my life waiting for this piece of ____ monitor to un-sleep . Just spent 45 minutes again tonight trying to get this Satanic piece of sh it to turn on . You could n't get this piece of garbage to turn on if you had a Westinghouse exec standing next to you , and his six figure bonus depended on it .
 This printer was not working so I returned it to see what was the problem . It was n't able to be fixed so I think the rest of themoney should be returned .
 I 've been using this printer for the past couple of weekends at a retail photo booth and have used a cartridge worth of ink . All that to say , I 've gotten to know the printer fairly well.I 've noticed the image displayed on the built in LCD screen does n't correspond to what gets printed . Specifically , there appears to be a very narrow range of tones that reproduce correctly.Typically , the prints come out MUCH darker than shown on screen and the colour balance is off . FYI
 I was very hopeful that this printer would meet my needs . The printer worked fine with my 1GB SD card , and also when I connected my PictBridge-compatible camera . -LRB- I should mention that the dark tones in the printer appeared very dark . -RRB- However I also just bought a couple of 2GB SanDisk Ultra II cards . The printer does n't recognize these cards when inserted into the appropriate slot - it gives an error message that the card could not be recognized . I contacted HP support and they verified indeed that the printer does not support SD cards larger than 1 GB . I 'm sorry that I 'll have to return the printer .
 I was mad once I found out that the usb flips sides on the other end . . I did n't want that - . -
 after having this drive for only a couple of months both firewire connection ports went dead . and the drive would not mount . I returned the drive , lost my data , and received a replacement.now , after having the second drive for a couple of months , again , both firewire connections are dead . drive will not mount ... all data unreachable.the drive was never dropped , was kept in a case ... and handled very gently.I am a cg student and need to travel daily with a large capacity drive.this is not a reliable drive ! do not look at it sideways or it may implode .
 Bought this to back up iTunes on Mac . Wo n't mount , no answers online , absolutely no tech support . Supreme waste of time and money .
 I would give it zero starts if they 'd let me ... I purchased this exact model . Never again . I had problems from the beginning . It worked ok for a while , then started making noises . Eventually , it stopped working altogether . Total drive failure . Techsupport is impossible . Dead links for tech or customer service . Waiting on the phone for 40 minutes only to be disconnected . I finally got an RMA to retrun the product . I paid $ 30 for fedex shipment , only to recieve the product , unfixed a week and a half later . No explanation . No reply . No paperwork . And still no satisfaction or reply from the company . Stay away . . stay very far away
 Bought the FlashTrax Media Player . After a power outage the hard drive was fine , but the main computer would not recognize the drive . We were only three months over the one year warranty , and even though we would pay for the repair they said they would n't touch it after it was out of warranty . POOR CUSTOMER SERVICE . Poor attention was given to detailed emails , had to keep repeating the same thing over and over.Their final response ... `` But it is the way that we have everything set up . We can not change things because you want us to . It would not be fair to every other customer who fellows the rules and saves their paper work . Good luck . '' Hello ? I had the paperwork .
 I have had this firelite for about 6 months and one day it just would n't mount on the desktop . I use this on a regular basis - back and forth to work in a Mac based platform . It would light up when plugged in , but would not mount . I 've searched google for answers - try it ... you 'll see I and many others have the same issue . Suggestions have been to change the USB cable to one with 2 ends because it uses too much power . It 's a tragedy when you loose valuable work to to cheap technology . I would not recommend this to anyone - well maybe an enemy .
 I have to keep changing the cartridges every 3months even while I use the machine sparingly . I have to compulsorily change the color cartridges , though the black ink cartridge is full . I rarely use color . To top it all , I get the lousy error message Error-41 . I bought this machine thinking I will have a fax machine for some occasional use . I repent buying this . I will never ever buy another Brother machine .
 I use my 3220C at home . My experience is if you do n't print every day the printer head drys out . I tried to clean the head with water , alcohol etc. and could not repair it . I contacted Brother support and they gave me a Service Center adress 50 miles away . I live in a large city ! I bought a new head for $ 40 . Guess what ! The head dried out again . I bought a complete new same machine for $ 99 , because thought I must just have gotten a bad one and I also had two spare cartridges sets . Guess what ! Man do I feel stupid.Also , when the cartridges are 2/3 empty . The machine displays the cartridge is emtpy and you ca n't do anything with the machine until you replace the cartridges . Most of the times you need to replace all cartridges at the same time . God knows why . I 'm not using much color ! How the heck do the color cartriges run empty all the time?This product stinks . My suggestion . Do not buy this product , no matter how cheap you can get it .
 Beautiful machine as far as cosmetics , but so is a mercedes.And of course the high cost of maintenance , namely printercartridges . No capability for extra high capacity ink storageresulting in frequent changes whether machine is used for heavyor little use . Any fault in system disables all functions.Sometimes problem can not be resolved with one color replacement , so better choice is to replace all colors at the same time whichincreases cost of operation.Disappointed !
 Buyers beware ! I purchased an MFC-3220 just 3 months ago and have used it only as a fax machine printing black only . With previous experience on Epson and HP machines , I thought that i 'd never have to replace the color cartridges . Well , it turns out Brother customer support says that air bubbles get into the cartridge and dry them out , even when you 're not using them , meaning a $ 100 cartridge replacement every 3-5 months!A Call to customer support provided no help whatsoever , but they offered to take my order for new cartridges ! Threw the MFC in the trash and picked up an HP.If you 're looking for an MFC , stick to HP . It may cost more , but you 'll save a ton of money on refillable cartridges .
 Even though I only ever print black type , the `` head cleaning '' process manages to empty ALL of the cartridges -LRB- including the 3 color ones -RRB- in only a few weeks . They run about $ 18 each so imagine how much fun that is . The great part is that the machine will not work at all if the color cartridges are empty . What a ripoff ! Also the `` transport '' thing that holds the ink is easily damaged if you move it by hand.I will probably take a baseball bat to it one of these days . Serenity now !
 THIS UNIT WORKS FINE EXCEPT , THERE ARE 3 CARTRIDGES BLACK , AND THE -LRB- 2 -RRB- COLOR CARTRIDGES.FOR SOME REASON AND YOU KNOW WHAT THAT REASON IS . WHEN EITHER CARTRIDGE GETS BELOW A CERTAIN POINT , THE NORMAL DISPLAY ON THE MFC3200C GOES OUT AND A WARNING IS CONSTANTLY DISPLAYED , AND CAN NOT BE REMOVED UNTIL IT IS REPLACE THE MODE DISPLAY THAT YOUR MACHINE IS IN FAX & TAD OR OTHER CHOICES REFUSES TO DISPLAY ONCE YOU GET THIS MESSAGE -LRB- YOU ARE GETTING NEAR EMPTY . -RRB- AND IF YOU DO N'T CHANGE THE CARTRIDGE NO MATER WHICH ONE THAT IS NEAR EMPTY ; THE WHOLE MACHINE DISFUNCTIONS & MALFUNCTIONS.THAT INCLUDES THE PRINTER WILL NOT PRINT , THE FAX WILL NOT RECEIVE FAXES AND THERE IS MALFUNCTION WHEN YOU TRY TO FAX . MOST OF ALL IF YOU DO N'T FAX , COPY OR PRINT BUT ONLY OCCASSIONALLY ; ALL -LRB- 3 -RRB- CARTRIDES DRY UP , AND SOON . I USE THE COLOR CARTRIDGES VERY OCCASSIONALLY AND I MEAN WITH VERY LITTLE USE ON INSCRIPTIONS & EDGINGS IN PRINT SOME TEXT AND A FEW COLOR PICTURES . AND I MEAN A FEW!BECAUSE OF THE WAY THIS BROTHER FAX SYSTEM IS UTILIZED AND I KNOW OF A FEW FAX MACHINES THAT ARE NOT THIS STRICK , I NOW WILL BUY DISCOUNT CARTRIDGES AND REFILL KITS ONLY , AND NEVER BUY BROTHER AGAIN .
 I got this unit to redue the clutter on my desktop after a HP K60 died on me a few months after the warranty expired . Also to scan my papers using the ADF to further reduce clutter.The stand alone functions fax , copier work great.However the PC based functions failed with the exception of the printer -LRB- I downloaded a separate driver from the site -RRB- , The drivers for the PC fac and scanner failed to install on XP and millenium the MFC-3200c keeps being detected as 1800 , tech support was unable to solve the problem at one point diabling my mouse.A good concept at a great price , if I had resloved the issues with driver installation I would have given it a 4 or 5 . With the issues I give it a 2 .
 I 've noticed a few positive reviews for the MFC5200C , and all I have to say is - we 'll talk in a few months and see if you still feel that way.The machine was good for me for several reasons - multi-function , fair print quality -LRB- if you do n't need photos -RRB- , and moderate printing speed . However , after 21 months of low volume usage -LRB- 5 print/copy per day -RRB- , I got the dreaded `` Machine Error 41 '' . That is essentially the death dirge -LRB- the printer head needs replacing -RRB- . The repair cost is $ 164 , which when compared to the cost of the machine is a `` no-brainer '' solution -- do n't ! I 've talked to a couple of technicians in my area , and they said that I am not alone in my Brother problem . If you want my opinion about this particular Brother product , I say buy if you have the expectation to replace it every two years . If you are planning on keeping it longer , then go elsewhere .
 Ok so here I was ready for my first multifunction printer . I did all the research , shopped around and decided on the Brother MFC-5200C , mainly because I previously had a brother fax machine that was a workhorse and lasted me years ! I loved that fax machine and when my research came down to a few that included a brother I thought I 'd go with what I knew but from day one I had problems with this printer . It was still under the manufacturers warranty so I called brother to fix it . They gave me such a run around and then finally sent out a replacement . The replacement lasted about 5 months and then the printer broke . We could n't receive faxes or do anything that involved printing . I ended up just giving up and buying a whole new multifunction printer by a different maker.All I can say about my whole Brother experience is I have never been so disappointed in a product or manufacturer before!Do yourself a favor and save your money !!!!
 This was a huge disappointment as this unit replaced a great model 9200c . The unit is tinny sound . . squeaky belts . . most difficult for single sheet feed , due to a rear entry where a compartment must be opened . . ends up jamming most of the time . Fax feature is also not very good as it disconnects transmission without reason , then redials . I would not recommend this model
 I have owned this MFC for 2 years and would NEVER purchase another Brother . . ever . I use my printer frequently but each time I use this `` piece '' I have to clean the ink heads or white lines appear in the print . Which of course , the cleaning uses an insane amount of ink.I do n't advise this product at all.After 10 years of Home Computers ... I have to say I think Epson is the best deal for your money.Thats what I will purchase soon .
 From the get-go , this printer caused me nothing but problems . I had printed about 10 sheets when the print quality fell through the floor . Ran through the print head cleaning process numerous times , per the manual , with only marginal improvement . After burning through several ink cartridges trying to clean the sorry printer , God-forbid , I bought non-OEM ink cartridges . Eventually , the printer displayed the printer equivalent of the `` Blue Screen of Death '' Machine Error , and I was directed to take the printer to the Authorized Repair Center . Three months and many phone calls later , they finally told me that the print head was shot , and that it was going to cost 25 % more to repair the printer than I paid for it . Additionally , it was n't going to be covered by the warranty because I used non-OEM ink ! I 've used non-OEM ink for my Epson and HP for years with NO problems , and now this is the cause of my problems with the Brother ?? I do n't think so . I 'll never own another Brother product again . Please contact me if you wish , for details . AVOID BROTHER LIKE THE PLAGUE !!!
 I own a MFC 5200C . I replaced the print heads in the 5200C last months -LRB- 2006 -RRB- after approx 3 months and now today my 5200C has the dreaded ERROR 41 message . I called Brother , their advice , you need new print heads again . I realize that the print heads on Brother MFC 's are only built to last two years of moderate use . In my opinion dont purchase this printer and save your money making another purchase .
 I own a MFC 5200C and an MFC 7160C . I replaced the print heads in the 7160C last year -LRB- 2005 -RRB- after approx 2 years and now today my 5200C has the dreaded ERROR 41 message . I called Brother , their advice , you need new print heads . After reading many reviews ; all stating they had the same problem -LRB- and all after approx 2 years of moderate use -RRB- , I realize that the print heads on Brother MFC 's are only built to last two years of moderate use . In my opinion save your money and research well before making your purchase . Spend a few bucks more and buy a better product , its cheaper in the long run .
 Follow the advice of the others who purchased from Brother . Do n't . It 's not worth the money as you 'll be replacing print heads and wasting time on the phone w / `` customer service . '' They 'll replace it the first time only to have it continually happen . Buy HP . It 's more expensive but more reliable . Do n't believe me , go here & read on
 I had a really hard time installing the ink cartridges in this printer , I called the 800 number that Brother provided and was told this is a very common problem ... defective machines ! I bought this printer after careful research -LRB- as I assume that you are doing -RRB- ... but all I can say is you 're wasting you time and money in buying this printer .
 The print quality is poor . Heads require constant cleaning . Error 41 every 6-18 months renders printer useless until heads are replaced . CAN NOT USE OTHER FUNCTIONS WHILE ERROR 41 is in effect.Worst printer I have ever used .
 My printer was a lemon . They said that they would replace it . I am now on hold for the SIXTH time . They tell me to fax proof of purchase . I do that and then they say they need a credit card # . I provide that and then they say I need to fax in proof of purchase . This has gone on literally six times . I am so frustrated . I ca n't believe customer service can be soooooo bad .
 I have had my brother for about 2 years and 6 months ago I had the same problem with the print head as some others have had . It stopped printing magenta so I kept using it as most of what I copy and receive as faxes are black ink now the black is gone . Not worth the money I spent . Aside from this problem the machine has always been slow and I had to clean the heads way to often .
 I bought this unit in the summer of '03 as a replacement for another Brother machine that seemed to be failing . By the time I received the MFC-5200 , the other machine was OK again so I 'm only now installing the new one -- or trying to . So far it has crashed my Windows XP Pro operating system twice . After the first crash , I went to the Brothers web site , looked around a bit , and found that this crashing problem was a known issue -- so much so that they have a download on-site to UNINSTALL the drivers that the installation CD automatically installed . -LRB- And BTW , according to their web site , this issue was KNOWN in January ' 03 , 6 months before I bought mine -- yet there was NOTHING in the package to let me know that if I used the installation CD in the package , it would crash my system . -RRB- Anyway , I downloaded the patch to uninstall the drivers , then went back to Brother 's web site to download the correct XP driver . What the instructions told me was supposed to happen , did n't happen -LRB- and yes , I followed their instructions to the letter -RRB- . Instead , it crashed my system again . I have completely erased the Brother files off my computer and have disconnected the unit pending a phone call to Brother tomorrow -- so right now I have a relatively expensive stand-alone color copier , since I ca n't use the printer or scanner or faxing options . I ca n't really say how the product will work since the * & ^ @ -LRB- $ thing keeps crashing my computer . I 'll update this review if the Brother techs can get the thing started .
 I am a systems ' engineer ... TRUST ME WHEN I TELL YOU BUY HP MFC DEVICE AND SPEND THE EXTRA $ if you can afford it on a 3 year exchange warranty . Brother truly makes inferior mfc devices . Do n't fall prey to the B.S. Ad slicks they spend more money on hype than invest in producing a high quality product .
 Within the first six months we had to replace it twice and it has been the worst experience . I asked them to substitude this product for something else but they said it is not their policy . My advice - get HP and stay away from this product .
 I should say up front that I 'm reviewing the Brother MFC-5440CN , which is very close to the MFC5200c , but it 's not quite the same model . However , there 's enough overlap that my comments are still germane.I 've been in the market for a multifunction scanner/FAX/copier / printer that can speak Ethernet on a heterogeneous LAN . My primary computer is an Apple Macintosh running Mac OS X 10.3.5 . So far I 've tried the Hewlett Packard HP PSC 2510 and the Brother MFC-5440CN . Neither is worth owning.I bought the Brother MFC-5440CN two days ago -LRB- 2004-10-10 -RRB- after returning a Hewlett Packard HP PSC 2510 . -LRB- After struggling with Hewlett Packard 's obsequious but useless technical support from March 2004 through September 2004 , I finally asked if I could return the unit directly to Hewlett Packard for a refund . In early October I returned the unit . The Hewlett Packard HP PSC 2510 is all but useless with Mac OS X because of a myriad of show-stopping bugs ranging from the bundled application software down to the broken wireless Ethernet implementation . -RRB- Right out of the box , the Brother MFC-5440CN seems to be a more `` serious '' unit than the HP PSC 2510 . It supports a finer-grained FAX resolution than the HP PSC 2510 , and it seems slightly less cheesy in construction , but I have no reliability or performance data to support that impression.I 've printed a couple of black-and-white pages so far . The print quality is less than ideal . You can see light horizontal lines in the otherwise black ink when you print a 2 `` x2 '' black square . Other than that , it seems all right for printing simple things like business letters with no graphics . I have n't tried to print pictures or anything especially colorful.The Brother MFC-5440CN has an automatic document feeder which produces scans that are almost as good as what the integrated flatbed scanner gives you . -LRB- It 's not _ quite _ as good . You can detect some `` choppiness '' in the document images generated via the automatic document feeder , reflecting the jerky movement of the paper transport . -RRB- The automatic document feeder employs a narrow scan window rather than the full flatbed scan area.The Brother MFC-5440CN is terrible at scanning anything other than plain old dark-text-on-white-background documents . For example , a yellow credit card receipt that showed up with no problems on the HP PSC 2510 would be virtually unreadable when scanned by the Brother MFC-5440CN . Playing around with the brightness and contrast controls only seemed to make it worse . Even getting dark-text-on-white-background documents to show up acceptably was a challenge
 I am a printer repair tech . I just stumbled across this reveiw on a search for brother printheads . Brother 's work fine untill the printheads clog up . Then it will cost more than the value of the printer to replace . My suggestion is to buy an HP product . Like every printer manufacturer HP makes some cheap printers , but at least they also make some good ones unlike Brother . When shopping for a printer just remember , what you pay for is what you get
 I 'm sure this cable is very high quality , but c'mon design guys , get a brain . I had to take a knife to it in order to get it to fit into the dvi port on my samsung 22 '' monitor . The plastic surrounding the metal dvi connector is too wide to fit past the available space on my monitor . Then , my fingers barely had room to turn the tightening screws ... it sure would have helped it they had n't gone for the fancy gold colored screws and had just used a simple plastic tightener that had slots in the ends for a screwdriver like most cable tighteners . Also , as usual with Monster products , hugely overpriced .
 This cable is stiff , stiff , stiff - very difficult to route in and around other wires and equipment ! Worse , the screw connectors are nearly impossible to tighten or loosen on a typical monitor where there is very little clearance - there is no screw slot , and the screw posts are fat and slippery . This was so bad I threw it away .
 it is a cable for transferring digital signal ... in the digital world , the smallest bit of information is either 0 or 1 . in terms of electricity , it is like , either 0 volt or 5 volt . So unless the cable is so lousy that the device can not tell 0 volt from 5 volt , in which case a gold or platinum plated digital cable is not going to do any good . it either works or does n't work . there is no `` in between '' . this is similar to DTV or HDTV -- either you get the picture or you do n't . If you do , it is going to be prestine . If you do n't , then there is no picture at all . Note that in this case , the analog -LRB- non-digital -RRB- portion of equipment still makes a difference , such as the antenna or the speaker cable that is non-digital . so a -LSB- $ $ $ $ $ -RSB- DVI cable should n't make any difference than a -LSB- $ $ -RSB- one .
 It is a cable for transferring digital signal ... in the digital world , the smallest bit of information is either 0 or 1 . In terms of electricity , it is like , either 0 volt or 5 volt . So unless the cable is so lousy that the device can not tell 0 volt from 5 volt , in which case a gold or platinum plated digital cable is not going to do any good . It either works or does n't work . There is no `` in between '' . This is similar to DTV or HDTV -- either you get the picture or you do n't . If you do , it is going to be prestine . If you do n't , then there is no picture at all . Note that in this case , the analog -LRB- non-digital -RRB- portion of equipment still makes a difference , such as the antenna or the speaker cable that is non-digital . So an extremely expensive DVI cable should n't make any difference than an inexpensive one .
 Monster Cable is a complete rip off . DVI is a digital -LRB- and lossless -RRB- transfer of information . You will get the exact same quality from a 20 dollar generic DVI cable . Buy the 6 foot Belkin DVI cable instead . You will pay 1/4 the price and get a 100 % identical picture .
 I wanted an extension cable for a new secondary monitor I 'd also ordered from Amazon , and normally I would n't pay the extra $ for the Monster name , I figured the price was pretty good for a 4 Meter cable.I 'm disappointed . I 've got an NVidia GeForce 295 graphics card , which -LRB- like many graphics cards -RRB- has two side-by-side DVI ports for multi-monitor use . Unfortunately , because of the flare of the plastic part of the base of the monster cable , it ca n't be plugged in when there 's an adjacent plug already plugged in . I tried other plugs , and they worked fine . At the price I ca n't be bothered to return it . I might be able to make it work if I spend a few minutes with my Dremel , but I really should n't have to.The build quality seems pretty good so I 'll give it two stars , but if you think you might ever use a second monitor you should n't get this cable .
 I purchaced the 4m cable and after 3 weeks it stopped giving mea signal . Just a blank screen . I decided to switch the cable ends and it worked again but I returned it because I did not want it to happpen again . I replaced it with a Monster componet -LRB- red , blue , green -RRB- cable and the picture is much better . For some reason I always had to adjust the screen size everytime I watched regular T.v. . The display on the bottom of the screen would not display on Fox News or CNN . With the componet I get a complete screen and no digital fuzzyness on the top of the screen . I am so much happier with componet cable . If you do n't have superman vision then you will find the picture is just as good if not better than DVI . After viewing both I would say Componet is much better !!!!!
 Stopped accepting DVDs in tray after 6 months , endless problems with sharp 's authorised dealer in Houston . Sharp is of little assistance it is going onto 1 year now . Do not recommend this player and will think twice about buying any Sharp product their service is extremly poor . Even for this low price not worth it .
 We were initially excited about this product since it seemed to fit our needs as a combination AM/FM radio , CD , and DVD player , in a very compact size that perfectly fit our entertainment center . After setting it up for the first time , we were surprised when the DVD tray would n't eject after the first week . Thinking that we would get it repaired , but still needing a mini-system , we ordered a second system , expecting to re-deploy the first to another room . The second system worked for about a month until , lo and behold , the same problem occurred ! Perhaps it was a coincidence , but fool me once , shame on you - fool me twice , shame on me . We wo n't be fooled again . The only reason I 've given it 2 stars instead of 1 is that the quality of the sound is quite good .
 Great price , great sound but died after about 3 months of use . Not a good investment . I ca n't even get it to open up to remove my CDs . A very big disappointment . I hope that my experience is the exception .
 I bought this product based on the sole glowing review . There is one major problem with the unit . When using the IPOD for wakeup , the Volume is blaringly loud . The lowest the volume will go to is 10 !!! When listening to the IPOD normally while its docked the Volume can be taken down to Zero.The only song I can wake up to is `` New Slang '' by the Shins because the song gradually gets louder from the start.I ca n't recommend this product .
 Based on the reviews I read , I bought this as a Christmas gift for my teenager . Unfortunately , the numerals on the clock would not display correctly and were barely visible . A trip back to the store confirmed the malfunction and I was given a new one which was checked to make sure the numerals displayed correctly . Regrettably , they did not check the contrast . The button for the contrast does not work at all , making the numerals invisible at night . My other complaint is the user 's manual . We had several questions about the operation that should have been addressed in the manual but were not . For example , we tested the alarm with the ipod and the first song came on . How do you set the clock to wake up to a particular song ? Can you even do that ? The manual did not address that . There was not even a parts list , leaving us wondering what two items were . Also , the radio was only able to receive 2-3 stations . I 'm taking it back to the store to get my money back .
 Most of the Canon cameras are too small for this case ; therefore , your camera will just wiggle and bounce around in the case ! If you want to scratch your camera then go ahead and buy it , otherwise I 'd look for a different case !
 This case is ok . I bought 2 and one came with the zipper not working properly . Also , the case is n't as big as I thought it would be . The camera fits in it but it is a tight fit . I was hoping it would be easier to get the camera in and out but its not the case . It 's not bad but it 's not a great .
 this camera case is too big for my camera.i have a CANON SD 500 , and this case is too big for the camera .
 I bought this for a Canon Powershot SD850 . Simply put , the case was n't what I thought it would be . The exterior is a hard shell and the interior is n't padded at all . There is a Velcro strap inside to keep your camera in place , as well as a netted pocket . The issue is that for my camera , and I 'm thinking most of the Canon Powershot models , the case is too big . It was too big for the camera , but too small to put an extra battery in the case with the camera . The thing was just too bulky and for all that bulk it did n't cradle the camera very well at all . It does n't come with an exterior string or strap either , and I do n't know what they expect you to do with that metal clip , hang the thing on your jeans ? Please . I ended up buying a much smaller soft shell case at Best Buy which came with a strap . Ironically , a friend of mine said she bought this same case and ended up getting something smaller as well .
 The case worked well for a few days then the cheap plastic zipper broke . The case body is so stiff that the flimsy zipper is overstressed when it is opened and closed , Oh well ...
 This was supposed to be a gift to my friend in Manila . She never received it . I tried contacting the seller but I never received any reply . I want my money back !
 No lanyard . Within a day the zipper broke and the camera fell out making this `` cool '' case a very expensive piece of junk . It is bigger than I expected -- much bigger than the camera -- and it is bulky . The green is VERY pale green , too , not the intense green pictured here . I was very disappointed . Avoid !
 The description says that the Eva Case comes with a lanyard to wear around your neck or shoulder -- but there is no lanyard with the case I received . Did anyone else get a lanyard with it ? The case is also bulkier than I expected .
 The case was too big for my Canon Powershot SD1000 camera . Inside has too much space for the camera . I do not feel safe with the camera having so much space inside for it to move around . Inside does not have much cushioning .
 I ordered a red nylon camera case to go with the camera I bought as a graduation gift . The case that was shipped to me was bright orange !! not even close to being called a red . I was disappointed but did n't have time to return the case for another one before graduation .
 I was disappointed by the cheap quality of this product . One of the velcro straps was already coming apart at the seams when I opened it , and it just appears to be made cheaply -LRB- the zipper and caribener , for instance -RRB- . The camera fits nicely in there , and it does the trick , I just would rather have been able to compare it firsthand with other products before making the purchase . If I had done so , I would have chosen something at Target or BestBuy over this product .
 I got this device at a really good price of $ 115 . The storage unit works fine if it is attached to the computer but if you want to really use it as NAS , look for another product.I have been trying to set this up with my windows network and I am able to connect at times and most of the time it would say storage not found , even though I can ping the device.Another caveat is if you try to use it as a print server , and printer is off , Windows will try to check for the printer and if its not found , programs like Word keep crashing , this happened to me several times , I just do n't use it as a print server anymore .
 As the other reviewers have said , this unit sounds great , but it is very erratic when it comes to playing CDs . Also no resumer capability for the CDs . If you press stop and start , it does not pick back up on the track you stopped on . It seens to play my mp3 CDs fine , but there is too long of a pause between tracks , and it wo n't play plain regular audio CDs at times . Then tonight , I tried repeatedly to eject disc 3 , and it kept opening the 4th tray . Then it would n't open disc 2 either . I had to shut the unit down . When I powered back up , it allowed my to eject my CDs , and this piece of junk player is going back into the box !
 This worked great for the first week and then the CD player stopped working and the remote never worked very well . The sound is great on the radio but it is a pretty expensive radio only ! I ca n't return it as it was a gift and I do n't have proof of purchase . Look elsewhere for a compact system !
 The 5 disc player is very slow . Also , when you try to create a mix , -LRB- random -RRB- it only plays about 4-5 songs over and over . I know it is supposed to be random but your odds of hitting the same song 3 times in a row in a 50-70 song playlist does n't strike me as very random . Sure , if it only happened once or twice , but everytime I make a playlist , that is the result .
 Do not buy this machine . I got my 1955-S803 for graphics and travel and have regretted it ever since . Although the screen is large , the resolution is less than many 15 '' screens . The keyboard feels nice , but it simply quit working after about 4 months of lower-than-average use . In addition , wireless networking died . When I took the machine to a Toshiba-authorized repair center , they replaced the motherboard and keyboard , but put the -LRB- previously working -RRB- mousepad in upside down and never got it to work again . After three weeks , I demanded my computer back . Three weeks after that , the keyboard died again . I took the machine to a different repair shop . They replaced the motherboard again , but the machine only lasted another couple of weeks before the keyboard went again . This time , I wiped the hard drive to eliminate any unseen driver conflicts . Unfortunately , the repair disks that Toshiba sent me were bad and , after 1/2 hour of babysitting a system install , I discovered the machine would n't boot at all . Toshiba made me pay $ 10 for another set of boot disks , then shipped them to the wrong address . Two weeks later , I got them and reinstalled the system , took the machine back to the repairshop , and had the keyboard itself replaced . At least this time , they figured out the mouse pad . After just a week now , the keyboard is again dead . -LRB- I 'm writing this on a Mac . -RRB- Do not buy this machine . I 'm looking at four repair tickets on a machine that frankly gets light use . And did I mention that Toshiba support is chiefly stonewalling ? Two months of non-productivity from a machine I bought for work . The 1955 a lemon . Shame on Toshiba for deceiving consumers with it . Shame on magazine reviewers for blindly reciting specs without noting the many , many unhapy user reports like this one .
 Very disappointing . And their online support sux . The webpage with frequently asked questions would n't come up .
 Although I purchased a different unit , the GoVideo 8440 Portable DVD Player , it played exactly 6 movies before dying . GoVideo replaced it with a refurbished model , which arrived in non-working condition . I received a THIRD replacement unit -LRB- new -RRB- from GoVideo , which failed within minutes out of the box . Please note that I have since discovered that GoVideo Inc. is NOT a member of the Better Business Bureau of Central/Northern Arizona and has MULTIPLE complaints against the company . Purchase at your own risk !!
 DO NOT BUY ! GOVIDEO portabld DVD player breaks after limited use and this company should be called NOGOVIDEO . You will have absolutely no customer service , you might receive a reply by e-mail if the feel like it and no one answers the phone unless you are willing to be on hold for 15 to 20 minutes or more . STAY AWAY FROM NOGOVIDEO !
 I actually had no problems with this unit for a year . I REALLY liked it , until one day I grabbed the wrong AC adapter -LRB- of LOWER voltage -RRB- and plugged it in for like 15 seconds . After that the AC power never worked again . The battery , like other reviews state , only works for about 15 - 20 minutes when fully charged.I wrote an e-mail to the GoVideo customer service and after a week , no reply . Then I called GoVideo and waited 20 - 30 minutes for someone to answer . They told me they would fix it for $ 90 - IF I STILL HAD A RECEIPT ! Who keeps a receipt for a year ?? Oh yeah , the customer service was not only a long wait , but kinda rude.It was completely my fault that the AC outlet no longer works . I guess if the price was right I buy another one of these DVD Players . I never really used the battery , I preferred just plugging it into my car 's AC outlet , so the extemely short battery power span did n't bother me.Due to the poor customer sevice by GoVideo , I just went down to Wal-Mart and got a new player for less that came with a warranty that covers any & all damages .
 I purchased this unit for an airplane trip with the kids . While I had tested it briefly at home to make sure it worked , I had n't tested the battery . Within one minute of using it on the plane , the unit went dead . While it would work off the AC adapter , the battery would not take nor hold a charge . I researched portable DVDs extensively before this purchase and was not sold on any unit in the $ 200 price range . Due to my concerns , I made sure to buy from a local , reputable dealer so that I could return it if I had problems . I am glad I did . The day after my trip , I returned it . I can not recommend buying a unit from Go Video nor any portable DVD player at this price . I plan to wait a year and then look to buy again .
 This mouse quit working after about a month . -LRB- New batteries did n't work . -RRB- Please forward instructions for return .
 I bought this printer 2 weeks ago.I though it would be nice to print on my cds.While it does a great job printing , it is more trouble to keep running than any printer I have owned -LRB- 50 + -RRB- . I have to run a head cleaning each day , since without doing so I have NO black ! ... Take a word of advice , go with -LSB- brand -RSB- !
 This is a printer that I would avoid . I was very disappointed in the print quality of this printer . There were vertical lines in the printout and overall print quality was poor . . I tried all of the maintenance techniques recommended , but the printout was still very poor . This seems to be a problem with many Epson printers . I returned the Epson , bought a Canon and am very pleased with the results .
 I have almost always bought Epson printers for use with my Mac because I felt that the quality of the prints were great when the printer worked properly . The problems are unfortunately , numerous . First and formost with the 960 is the fact that local stores do not carry ink cartridges for it and when the printer runs out of ink , it wo n't print . In this regard , Epson forces you to keep a big stock of cartridges so you do n't get stuck . This is problematic when all you want to print is a fax that uses only black ink but because your Light Cyan cartridge is out you ca n't print anything . The cartridges are insanely expensive as well and they do n't last long . I might add that printing on CDs and DVDs is a hit and miss affair . Registration is haphazard . And try printing on the silver printable discs . Impossible . The ink just bleeds . And the ink sometimes `` wrinkles up '' on the white printable discs when it dries . Epson just does n't have the bugs worked out on this one . Also , the printer drivers do n't get updated soon enough to keep up with Macintosh OS upgrades . Epson software also often conflicts with just about everything from scanners to Photoshop to MS Word . After reading other people 's comments on Epson products , I 'm considering moving to another brand of printer . Epson printers are just too high maintenence .
 I bought this printerr in Dec. 2002 and have had few good pictures since . The printer leaves ink blobs on 2 out of 5 prints . I have to run the Clean Heads utility every other time I print and that does n't always solve the problem . This makes printing expensive when one considers the wasted ink and paper . Also in addition to the ink blobs on pictures I am unable to buy replacement ink cartridges locally or on-line . I 'm at my wits end , it really takes the fun out of printing photos ... . When I do get a clean picture , it is beautiful , but not worth the effort . This printer is also incrediably slow , much slower than I expected , but I could live with that if the finished product was blob-free . I have tried to contact Epson without any luck , they do n't respond to my e-mails to their tec-support address .
 This printer prints very well.Thats the good news.Bad news is the ink cartridges , which are very expensive , seem todry out on their own as well as reportback falsely that they are empty.I am looking at two cartidges here which youcan see ink inside but are reportingthat they are empty . If they are empty theprinter will not work even if you areprinting black.This problem is so serious and reoccursthrough the entire Epson line of printersthat I can not recommend Epson nor willI buy Epson again.Yes its that bad !
 I deleted my original , 5-star review . I know this particular model is no longer available , but if my experience is any indication , you should think hard before buying a Toshiba laptop , especially a lower-end model . I had the Satellite 1415-S173 for three years -- during the first year I had it , it blew a hard drive -LRB- thankfully under warranty -RRB- . I had it fixed and less than a week later , it blew another hard drive . This time it went back to Toshiba to be fixed . All was more or less well for the next two years , when a Windows problem shut the thing down completely . I took my data out of it and switched back to a Mac . I am sick of Windows ' unreliability , susceptibility to viruses and other problems , and the masking-tape-and-chewing-gum nature of patching together Windows machines just in order to make them function . BUT -- more to the point , the computer had inherent problems , first and foremost being the cheap desktop processor Toshiba uses -LRB- or used -RRB- in their lower-end laptops . This machine got incredibly hot and I was told this is probably what killed my first 2 hard drives . If you have one of these machines , I highly recommend a cooling platform which is probably the only thing that kept my laptop running for an additional 2 years . It 's a shame , because aside from being very heavy and having a weak battery charge -LRB- 1.5 hours at best -RRB- , this laptop was attractive and easy to use with a nice bright display . But ultimately -- not a good value -- at $ 1,200 I do n't consider it a `` cheap '' machine by any means , and certainly not when compared to my -LRB- less expensive -RRB- iBook .
 I always liked Toshiba laptops . This is my 3rd one . However , I was disappointed to discover the intermittent annoying clicking noises originating from the Hard Drive area . I have replaced the unit once thinking it was a problem , which was unique to one machine . Unfortunately , I discovered that the second unit had the same problem . So , if you do not mind the intermittent ticking noises from the hard drive it is a good affordable laptop . However , if you are picky and would like a smooth running machine , choose another laptop .
 When waking the computer after hibernation mode , the built in mouse no longer works unless the computer is rebooted , which is tricky to do without a mouse .
 I had to come back and correct my review of this laptop . After using it for 1 week it died . I exchanged it for a new one -LRB- same model -RRB- and that one had a bad power supply . I went back again and exchanged it again , and the replacement had a defective screen . All three were purchased new . I do n't know if someone dropped a crate or something , but these laptops were cursed . I exchanged the last one for a comparable HP and have had no troubles since . . Buyer Beware !
 I always liked Toshiba laptops . This is my 3rd one . However , I was disappointed to discover the intermittent annoying clicking noises originating from the Hard Drive area . I have replaced the unit once thinking it was a problem , which was unique to one machine . Unfortunately , I discovered that the second unit had the same problem . So , if you do not mind the intermittent ticking noises from the hard drive it is a good affordable laptop . However , if you are picky and would like a smooth running machine , choose another laptop .
 I 'll admit this review is a little dated since this product is n't in the market anymore , but I was shocked to see how many GOOD reviews it had . I 've had this laptop for a little over three years now , and since then , I 've gone through two hard-drives with another about to die , and the cd-burner/dvd-rom has n't worked well since about the second month of purchase . I 've never gotten any games -LRB- even the low-end graphics ones -RRB- to work on here . It also seems like this system is highly vulnerable to viruses . I do n't think that is just due to windows because I have other windows systems that have not had near as many viruses as this one . I think the only thing that 's had me keeping this system is the floppy drive , since the newer computers do n't have those.If for some reason you are thinking of buying this product
 You will not get the Cat6 throughput you are expecting from this product.The MHz is only 250 ! Cat6 is rated at 500MHz and higher !
 Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course , I hope your experience would differ , if you were to buy Kingston product -LRB- s -RRB- , but mine was terrible.I bought a Kingston CompactFlash card that offered a $ 50 mail-in rebate . I promptly -LRB- as in , the day AFTER I received the item delivery -RRB- went to photocopy my rebate certificate and UPC code and sales receipt ; then sent it all on its merry way . Yes , I was well within the rebate period , both for the purchase AND for the postmark date . My purchase was a valid retailer -LRB- think HUGE online e-tailer -RRB- . The rebate REQUIRED sending THE ENTIRE ORIGINAL UPC label , which was like the entire outside package for my CF card , about the size of 1 business cards when flattened . No problem.About TWO MONTHS later , I get a letter saying `` your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate ORIGINAL UPC code as required by the rebate offer . `` Well , now WHAT ? I ca n't RE-SEND the original -LRB- it was already in their possession -RRB- . I called , and they insisted on repeating what the letter said . I re-sent my PHOTOCOPIES and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase.After another 6 weeks of pursuing this , I figured this is their scam . They simply would n't honor the rebate . And without the ORIGINAL UPC in my possession , I could n't really submit to their requirements.If you 're looking for a RAM upgrade , I 'd suggest you look at a quality company like OCZ -LRB- the BEST ! -RRB- , or Patriot , Geil , or Corsair . If you 're looking for a value Flash Memory Card , I might suggest SanDisk.For one , Kingston does NOT make the best products , they are VALUE-driven products.Two , there are competitors to Kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices.Three , Kingston will not stand behind their customer as I have experienced.I urge you to , please , be cautious of Kingston and their rebate scams .
 I got this ink cartridge with the free gateway package . I print about 1000 copies per month . The cartridge dried out the first day . I am a teacher and I printed out about six worksheets for 20 students . ... Then I needed to find a replacement cartridge . I checked Staples , Office Max , and Office Depot in Los Angeles -LRB- 5 different stores -RRB- and none had this model in stock . So I had to order a new printer and search the internet for cartridges . It will be at least a week before I can use the printers . Gateway should advise customers to get an upgrade . -LRB- I certainly would have if I had know of the limited amount of prints I would get from this printer -RRB- . ... My advice .
 I stocked up on Epson ink for my Epson C42UX printer . Just after installing a new cartridge , a notice pops up `` Parts in your printer are at the end of their service life '' and the printer will not print . It turns out all of the parts are ok inside the printer ; just have to wash the ink out some cotton pads . Once the pads are washed out , there is no RESET button on this model . I have 4 boxes of brand new ink which I have no use for . I will not buy another Epson printer because of this marketing technique.Epson Artisan 50 Color Inkjet Printer -LRB- C11CA45201 -RRB- Epson Artisan 835 Color Inkjet All-In-One -LRB- C11CA73201 -RRB- Epson Stylus C88 + Ink Jet Printer -LRB- C11C617121 -RRB- Epson WorkForce 610 Wireless Color Inkjet All-in-One Printer -LRB- C11CA50201 -RRB- Epson T048920 Color Ink Cartridge MultipackEpson
 Bought if for Christmas , set it up on New Year 's Eve , and it was broken by January 10 . Poorly made . This is the last time I buy and electronics from a company that is n't Sony .
 This thing is a piece of garbage . The handle broke off from the weight of 10 photos . The material feels like a door mat . The `` clear '' plastic pages are rough and make the photos look terrible . I have nothing good to say about this item .
 I purchased this item for my 80-gig iPod but it is n't up to the expectations generated by it potential and price.The good news :1 . The case offers total protection . Too many cases leave the corners exposed .2 . The folio opens to the side . Opening to the top pushes the ear bud plug backward in its jack . Repeated rearward pressure will loosen the connection between the plug and jack over time . A loose connection causes unintended pauses in the music since the machine senses that the plug has been removed.The bad news :1 . The case claims to fit both the 30-gig and 60-gig 5G models . The 60-gig is reputed to be the same size as the 80 . The 80-gig iPod wo n't `` seat '' into the correct position to align the screen and click wheel with their respective windows . Pushing it deeper into the `` pocket '' does not result it its staying there . As a result , the left side of the click wheel is not fully exposed and therefore difficult to press . The ear bud jack also comes too close to the strap connecting the front to the back . The strap has to be pushed to the side to fully insert an ear bud plug .2 . The plastic cover to the screen window is not flat on my case .3 . The plastic cover to the click wheel is too thick for responsiveness . I would rather remove it but that 's not a possibility without an Xacto knife cut and leaving a sharp plastic edge .4 . This case is the most expensive that I shopped . I would have considered it a good buy , however , if it fit my iPod properly .
 This camera is so complicated to use that I have not been able to take photo 's or videos since it was purchased . It drains batteries so fast one can not even turn on the camera to take photos without replacing with new ones and even then , one keeps getting false readings of `` low battery '' even though I have a battery checker to make sure they are in full power . It has been more than three months since this camera was purchased and neither the store nor the company will entertain a replacement . Am I upset ... you betya !
 CUANDO ADQUIRI EL PRODUCTO DECIA QUE ERA DE 2 GB ES DECIR 1 GB POR CADA MEMORIA PERO EN REALIDAD LLEGARON FUE DOS MEMORIAS DE 500MB
 This is not the correct memory module for a Sony Vaio VGN-N220E notebook . I did the search for just that and it produced four results . Three of which all looked identical , but the fourth , the one I ordered , looked longer and thinner . I did not pay attention to the pictures as I was reading the product descriptions . All four shared the exact same description . Thus , my recommendation for replacing RAM is to physically inspect your current RAM module -LRB- s -RRB- before ordering so something like this does not happen to you .
 Boy , when things go wrong , they go really wrong . Instead of 2mb of memory , I received a cheap 1gb flash drive . No problem . I e-mailed PC Universe with the error . Then there began a 1-month back and forth e-mail cluster . They could not find the order . They wanted me to return the FLASH DRIVE , so as to send me another one , -LRB- unless it was broken in which I was responsible for paying for a new one -RRB- . They could not find my order again . They said they would take back the wrong merchandise , and did `` I still want the correct one '' . They said I had to send the old one back and they would refund my order . I could reorder if I still wanted the new merchandise . Then they issued me a call tag # for UPS to pick up the wrong item . -LRB- UPS had no record of the call # . They said that the call # was not UPS but Fed-Ex , but the # was expired . Still trying to get a refund.Finally ordered a new kit from another supply house . Had the correct memory in 2 days .
 First off , I will list what went right with my transaction
 Was a little hard putting it together . You have to be very careful taking the cds out or it would fall apart . I am not happy with this product .
 Disappointed when receiving this I asked where 's the rest of it ? . Not at all sturdy until DVD provide stability . Do n't do it .
 This is very unstable . DVD 's do stay on it but if you are removing one from it , other dvd 's come with it . Not a very secure piece . Would give it an F.
 Do n't buy it ! you breath on it and the stupid thing falls over , dont try and put any DVD 's in it or it will fall over , worst purchase ever !!!
 This might be the biggest pile of electronic junk I have ever bought , and I have bought a LOT of electronics . This thing powered up but that 's about the extent of it . It NEVER functioned properly ... stopping recordings on it 's own in the middle of a recording , saying disc was not recordabe ... then recording on it -LRB- for a while -RRB- before stopping the recording in the middle of the show ! I trashed a boat load of DVD 's trying , praying , hoping this machine would come through but it was a dog that never performed one trick ... except maybe play dead .
 This product only worked well for several days , after that was just throw it away . I think buying junk . I think this kind of dysfunctional products should not be sold by amazon
 bought this unit and used it once then the tray jamed sent it back they never receieved unit IF you do n't mind talking to every out of the USA then your in for a treat never got a new unit I have to buy another on -LRB- but certinly -LRB- NEVER Philips -RRB-
 This keyboard is flimsy . On the one I bought the keys stick . It is horrible to type on . Sorry to be so negative , but this was a terrible waste of money .
 I have spent the last four hours trying to get this keyboard to work with my hx4705 running PocketPC 2003SE . I 've used the drivers that came on the disk , and also downloaded three different sets of drivers . Nothing works . VERY , very frustrated .
 This keyboard is flimsy , does not sit well on table . The keys are difficult to find . I bought a new one out of the packaging and several of the keys stick or do n't work . I 'd like to believe that it is just a bad keyboard , but honestly , looking at how it is made , I would n't accept a replacement . Horrible .
 do n't you think would be nice to know the length of this cable ? I think Amazon should n't allow sellers that do n't detail their products to post them .
 First let me say that I am sure this refurbished pc from dell would have been fine if it had arrived intact with nothing missing . It did not have the return key cover and I was unaware of this when I purchased it . I contacted the seller -LRB- Kool Krowd -RRB- and they offered me a refund of $ 80 total on a purchase that was over $ 300 ! I am currently going through the return/refund process with Amazon to get my complete refund but I will never buy anything from this company due to thier poor customer service and decietfulness concerning thier listing .
 First off , I am a huge fan of Koss , I have had a pair of UR-40 's for years now and they sounded perfect . But the pair I had got a short in the cord so I looked for a new pair . After comparing a ton of different pairs of Koss cans , I decided to go with the MV1 . Got them in the mail and plugged them in and the quality was horrible . Now , I work at a radio station and have a pair of headphones on 3-4 hours a day and these headphones are getting plugged into high quality audio equipment so it is not the source which is the problem , and that is proven by the quality I have on the UR-40 's . To expand on what I mean by `` horrible quality '' they have no bass and they do n't have that `` full '' sound that I had with the UR-40 's . It literally sounded like I had two aluminum cans on my ears with a mouse talking into them.The only other issue I had with the phones is that they are a little too tight for me . I was getting a headache after about an hour of having them on , which has never happened before with other headphones.These are being returned . Koss is still my go to headphones . Maybe I will have better luck with a different pair .
 Poor sound quality . Too expensive for the lack of quality of the product . Would not buy this brand ever again .
 For what I paid for these headphones , I would NOT recommend them , to ANYONE . The hinges broke after 1 month with normal -LRB- seriously , NORMAL -RRB- use.I 'm usually a big KOSS advocate , but I ca n't , within the normal real of moral good , recommend these phones .
 Even though this product is touted as s 400/800 firewire , it only comes with a 800 firewire cable . My imac will only support a 400 firewire connection . How FRUSTRATING to open the box , think I could easily plug and play , and find out that because I did n't see the `` fine print '' the drive did n't come with a NECESSARY CABLE.It might as well have come without a switch to turn it on.It is now a useless piece of metal on my desk , taking up room and necessitating the grief of repacking , and returning .
 While I was initially thrilled with the power of 144X zoom on my Canon Power Shot , I soon found that the pictures were blurred and had blue and yellow edges on all principal objects . I purchased the Canon 1.5 converter lens and am much happier with it .
 I ordered this from www.radioyourway.com and emailed a day after receiving to ask a question -LRB- they do not have a contact phone number -RRB- I was ignored . I then tried again about 10 days later and finally received a response , rude at that . I spoke with Ron Rosberg who advised me I waited too long to return it , that their site clearly states no returns after 7 days , I advised him that I tried to contact them a day after receiving it but never heard back and from that moment on felt they were a shaky business . He finally found the `` lost '' email and gave me a RMA number to return the item . Now he states that it took to long for him to receive the item back and is both KEEPING my item and NOT refunding my payment and there is nothing I can do about it . I highly suggest to not purchase this item .
 I have ordered about 5 of the same pogo crap radios and have had to send them all back ! They all have worked great for appoximately a month . Then they just stop recording !! What is up with this crap radio ?? Do n't buy it , you will hate it too ! It should be called the experimental boomerang radio !
 I purchased the Pogo to record NPR programs -LRB- Prarie Home Companion , Terry Gross Interviews , BBC -RRB- when my schedule does not coincide with broadcast times . The NPR station is located 90 miles from my Pennsylvania town . The FM reception -LRB- with antenna -RRB- was unacceptable . Acceptable with a headset from another radio . The recording was terrible ... static , undiscernable . And to get there , we deciphered the documentaton -- User booklet . Try to find `` On '' reading the book . Try to follow other directions . The size and concept are ideal . Given my experience , Pogo needs to specify range -LRB- reception and recording -RRB- and improve documentation -LRB- user instructions -RRB- .
 The sound quality is very poor and tinny , batteries will not last a week of use , and radio reception is poor with much static even on local stations . This is a classic example of too many features that neither stands out . Better to buy a quality product if you are looking for MP3 player for a good music sound and a radio for those features . I made a mistake buying this . Its junk .
 I really wanted this to be great , I really did . I do n't like listening to music or audio books or whatever while working out -- I like listening to talk radio -LRB- okay , okay , I know , big loser -RRB- . Problem is that the shows I want to listen to are on while I work , and by the time I work out there 's nothing good on.So I loved the idea of a `` tivo-like '' recording device for radio , ... Had to get it.What a disappointment !!! For those of you who are thinking of getting it , be advised of the following limitations :1 . Its recording capabilities are like a VCR circa 1985
 IT is easy to review Radio Your Way , because it does EXACTLY what the description says . You set it to record shows by DAY and Time and it does that fine.But be warned , it does not allow you to adjust the Bit rate of the recording . All recordings are recorded in a compressed . RYV format that , for people who understand MP3 sample compression , I would say could n't be higher then like 20KHZ , The worst thing is that if you have an iPod like me , you then have to convert . RYV - > . Wav - > . Mp3 . This sucks , the recorder should just record strait to Mp3 format.Yes ... the recording quality is horrible . DO NOT CONSIDER THIS if you plan to record music radio . I personally bought it to record Howard Stern , as I am a huge fan . Unfortunatly , the RYW audio quality is so low , it is almost too annoying to listen to the recording . If there is any reason not to get RYW it is the awfull recording quality.Everything else , controls , etc , are adequate . By adequate I mean HORRIBLE ... but dueable . The MP3 player does not display ID3 tags . The controls are completely illogical . And OS is jerky at best . But who cares about those things right ? As long as I can get my Stern fix everyday ? Wrong ... because the audio quality is the dagger in the heart.Simply put
 Serious disappiontment . Playback for FM and line-in recording is on voice file with very poor sound quality . Battery life is terrible - 3 hours or less just listening to radio . Pogo Products customer service is the worst I 've ever experienced .
 Wow ! Talk about a great concept gone totally KABOOM . No matter what I do , I hear static , static , static .1 . There is static on AM , FM , and when you do the voice recording .2 . The software is useless also . It wo n't even open up .3 . Windows XP does not recognize the thing when connected to the USB .4 . It records in some . rvf format that you have to then convert to MP3 .5 . It records a very low bitrate -LRB- 32Kbs I think -RRB- 6 . Electrical adapter sold separately . Although the Pogo box packaging clearly has a space where the adapter was probably there at one time .7 . I 'm too pissed to even get through one set of batteries , so I ca n't vouch for the low battery life complaints on here . Although that is probably why they took the adapter out of the box and are selling it separately . -LRB- How convenient that they void the warranty on third party adapters . -RRB- 8 . If you were unlucky enough to buy a unit before the latest firmware update , you will have to spend $ 10 to send it back to Pogo where they send it to Korea for your update .9 . And the winner is ... do n't buy it on Amazon . Pogo will not honor the warranty if you do n't buy direct from Pogo at their inflated prices . I bought mine on ebay , so I already know the drill .10 . If you do n't believe me , check out what others are saying about it . http://groups.yahoo.com/group/RadioYourway/I'm so stuck with my Poogo now . I bought the leather case , adapter , and the 256 secure digital card . I 'm out about $ 250 bucks with no recourse.the electric geek girl
 I purchased two of these and neither works satisfactorily . I have been trying to get resolution of the problems for three months with no luck .1 . Neither unit is capable of recording correctly on the SD disk . The internal memeory is ok , simply too small for more than one program , but one unit jumbles up the files on the SD disk and the other freezes up about every third recording when accessing the disk which prevents any further recording until the power supply is disconnected and the unit re-programmed . I have tried several disks of different brands and sizes and none works correctly .2 . The software locks up when trying to use some features.This is a great concept , I just wish it worked .
 Ditto to the last upgrade review . It 's a neat little machine when it does what you want . But ... Did you know that they have radio in Korea -LRB- I was handily informed of this by Jeff at Pogo -RRB- ? And , you can take it to Europe where they have different channel spacing -LRB- if you spend the extra $ 10 -RRB- . They want me to send in the unit and charge me $ 10 , and I just bought mine 10 days ago . Do n't believe that all the units out there now are the latest version ! There 's no way to tell without opening the box and Pogo does n't seem to care unless you bought it from them.They felt they were doing me a favor by telling me about the updated firmware -- hey , they could have kept a secret . Maybe they should have . Of course , then I found these reviews .
 I own many MP3 players and even two other Pogo products , namely the Ripflash -LRB- yes I have 2 -RRB- that has been great except for the horrible PC software . Well this time Pogo has outdone them self with a neat idea and poor implementation . The idea of a VCR-like MP3 recorder is attractive to anyone who likes radio shows but can not listen to them while at work . The Radio Your Way has many problems that make it a `` poor '' purchase . I 'll get to the problems right away .1 . -RRB- Horrid PC software -LRB- again -RRB- . If you have Win XP you must put it into Win98 compatibility mode to work .2 . -RRB- Saves files in a silly compressed RYV format that requires the above PC software to convert to WAV and then you must convert it to MP3 -LRB- stupid -RRB- 3 . -RRB- The Chinese week days must be MONDAY-SATURDAY because that is what you get when you try to set the RYW to weekday record . Oh-I am told by Jesse at Pogo Support that I can have this `` bug '' fixed by sending my RYW back to Pogo and paying $ 10.00 to have the thing re-flashed . Yeah , right ! 4 . -RRB- Poor battery life - get an adapter right away .5 . -RRB- Only ten recording slots available . You 'll use those fast to get around the above bug .6 . -RRB- Pogo support does n't care ... pay to have it fixed or quit whining.I recommend waiting for Archos to add VCR-like recording to their great products .
 My husband and I purchased matching Radio Your Way 's for the holidays this year . I was incredibly excited when they arrived . I 'm an NPR junkie and would love a chance to record my favourite shows while at work , then listen to them while making dinner or cleaning house . This product looked ideal.Unfortunatly , even with the supplemental antenna , in the house I can not get decent FM reception , and only get limited AM reception . It does n't work at all in my car . In addition , the manual warns not to store the device near credit cards or other magnetic media for fear of warping them , so I ca n't carry it around in my purse.I bought this so I could leave it in my purse , let it record my programs , and listen at my leisure , In order to use it , I must leave it anchored to an incredibly huge antenna at my house -LRB- it does n't work at all in the car -RRB- , never let it near my purse , then go through contortions in order to move the very poor sound quality files from the RYW to my computer.This product has so much promise , yet delivers so litte.In the spirit of fairness , I must say hy husband loves his . However , he uses it primarily as a voice memo recorder with limited MP3 functionality . The radio features - allegedly the point of the product - are as useless to him as they are to me.I 'll return to downloading NPR shows the day after they air and listening to them as MP3 's . It actually takes less time and gives better quality , which is a very sad statement indeed .
 Bought this for recording NPR shows , and I live in an area where the radio signal is very strong . I can not get reception for more than one -LRB- unidentified -RRB- FM channel , so this is worthless to me . You would think for the price that they would pay attention to the quality of the radio they include in the device , but that does n't appear to be the case.I was VERY DISAPPOINTED , guess I will wait for a newer generation version from another manufacturer , and stick with my iPod for the time being .
 I received this as a Christmas gift in 2003 . At the time , it was the only MP3 player with an AM radio . The recording capabilities were a `` bonus . `` As an AM/FM/MP3 player , it works fine . It does n't offer many features as an MP3 player . As a recording device , there are several problems.First and foremost , recordings are badly clipped , resulting in distorted sound . When I contacted tech support , they eventually admitted this was a problem , and there was no resolution.Secondly , it records to a proprietary file format . There is a conversion utility , but it only converts this proprietary file to a wave . So , making an MP3 is a three step process -LRB- record , convert to wave , and convert to MP3 -RRB- . One other major problem is battery life . The unit has the ability to `` turn itself on '' to record . However , that circuitry must draw a fair amount of electricity , because even if the unit has n't been used for a few days , the batteries die quickly . However , the battery life is good when the unit is being used.All in all , it 's not a bad unit . However , in my opinion , it is overpriced for an AM/FM/MP3 unit , and the recording features do n't work that well.If recording is what you 're after , you would be better served to use `` Total Recorder '' software -LRB- or other recording software with a scheduler -RRB- and an AM/FM radio attached to your computer 's sound card . I 've been doing that for months with great success .
 I love the concept of having an `` all in one '' device and I was especially excited about the ability to record am talk shows , however I could NOT have been more dissapointed . The unit was cumbersome , and often froze up . The controls were awkward and the instructions for use were confusing . The software had multiple glitches and was difficult to use . You had to have a separate memory card to hold more than 3 or 4 songs on the mp3 -LRB- an additional expense -RRB- . My advice
 I bought this for the am/fm radio so I could listen and record from this player while I was on my messenger route . The radio portion worked somewhat when outside , but hardly at all in the car or inside the house . I am in the strong Chicago area with lots of signal strength . The lack of sensitivity of the radio is a real disapointment . The concept of this device is good but it totally hinges on good radio reception . There is no backlight so you can not see what you are doing when taking walks at night . The volume is also very weak . I give it two stars only for the concept but as a piece of hardware it is the pits.I next purchased the Virgin Pulse player and it met all the requirements with excellent fm reception backlighting and ID tags . You can record the fm band radio or use it for voice recording . It lacked timer recording and having an am band . I can do without this but would really have prefered all the features of the Radio Your Way . Radio Your Way was certainly not Radio My Way , I do not recomend buying until they make a better radio to go with the features !
 I used brand new Duracell batteries with these radios , and the reception was still horrible . We had to repeat ourselves about 5 times for the other person to understand what we were saying . The only good -LRB- nay , excellent -RRB- thing about these radios is the weather updates . Perfect for camping , especially when you see flashes of light in the distance -LRB- turns out where we were camping had a severe thunderstorm watch , which turned to a warning while we were leaving at 2 AM -RRB- . Possibly saved our lives , because the next day it was reported that someone else who was camping nearby got struck by lightning . However , there are other things available for that purpose . These things are junk for 2-way radios , but lifesavers for weather warnings .
 Player stopped reading discs after 3 months . Emotronics wouldnot stand behind the product and onkyo would not honor warranty because Emotronics is not a authrorized dealer . Avoid emotronics if you like the idea of having a warranty and avoid onkyo dvdplayers -LRB- at least this model -RRB- .
 As soon as I took it out of the box , the eye piece separated from the rest of the device . The lens quality seems fine but it is useless if it falls apart so easily . Stay away from this product .
 This monocular is the perfect size and magnification , but I broke mine the second time I took it out on my kayak . It handled getting splashed for a little while , but when it got slightly submerged it fogged up , -LRB- meaning water got inside -RRB- . The fogging seemed confined to the eyepiece , and when I gently pried up the rubber around the eyepiece to find the source of the leak the entire eyepiece snapped off in my hand , and the lense dropped out ! It looks like it was superglued on , and obviously that 's where the water got in . I realize kayaks are a rough environment , and these were n't meant to be submerged , BUT anything advertised as water resistant should be able to handle a dunk or two in my opinion.In summation , this will work great for you ... . if you do n't ever drop it or get it wet.Edited to add
 edit
 I ordered this tv new . But when I opened the box , it did not look like spankin ' new , was apparently used with finger print on the screen . Has anyone had this problem ? I read on the internet about samsung repacking defective used items as new after fixing it . I 'm returning mine not even for replacement but for refund .
 Have had for 3 years . Starts to click a lot but not turn on . Many have the same problems with this TV and then Samsung will not fix it .
 Loved the TV for the fist 2 1/2 years . Had a great picture . But then it started taking longer and longer to turn on . Now , it does not power on at all . Seems to be a familiar problem with Samsung TVs as I researched this online and it seems to affect mostly Samsung brands.Would be curious to see how others are faring with their TV after 2 years ...
 Just bought this one at BestBuy , will be returning it for the LNS4051 , a much better TV , the pixelation on this 4041D even with component inputs is unbearable ! Its like getting a tooth pulled every time the pixels appear during an action scene or a closeup , overall its just an ok tv , , for $ 1300 I think you should get more than ok and get the 4051 , a much better samsung .
 I have enjoyed this tv very much for the past couple years . The picture was very good , it interfaced with all my devices very quickly and easily . The sound was n't the greatest , but acceptable for a set of tv speakers . The big problem is that the ir sensor on the front started becoming ` blind ' last week . Meaning that the remote has to be within 12 inches of the tv in order for it to work .
 I own this model of television and have been pretty happy with it for about four years . Unfortunately about a month ago turning the set on became problematic . It makes a clicking sound for a few minutes before giving up . Sometimes it eventually turns on after several attempts . I researched this issue via the internet and discovered that my problem is typical . Apparently the capacitors that Samsung used on their boards were not rated to an appropriate voltage so they burn out . I spoke to a Samsung service representative and they deny that there is an issue with this model , even though a simple Google search says otherwise . They offered to send a technician to my house but said that I would be responsible for the cost of the repair . I 've decided to replace the faulty capacitors myself , just like many others who have had this issue -LRB- search for `` samsung lcd tv repair capacitor '' on youtube for examples -RRB- . I will not be purchasing any more Samsung products , however . A $ 1400 television set -LRB- the price when I bought it -RRB- should last longer .
 Just Google the words Samsung and capacitors.The capacitors -LRB- a power-regulating component -RRB- on this set and others like it were undersized and will fail after about two years.Samsung has never acknowledged a problem.Buyer beware .
 Purchased from Best Buy for Christmas 3 years ago . Now it clicks but wo n't turn on . A local Samsung certified TV repair shop says $ 350 to replace the motherboard . Samsung online customer service said the repair is n't covered . Customer service phone customer service said it 's not covered . After escalating to Executive Customer Service -LRB-800-RRB- 522-7341 they said we will send out a repair person for a free one-time fix for capacitors -- IF that is the problem , Samsung will cover it . Otherwise you will have to pay . I wo n't buy another Samsung TV . Do a quick internet search and you will see lots of hits for `` bad capacitors '' for various Samsung TVs .
 Before you buy this TV go google `` Lns 4041dx takes forever to turn on '' . I have had the tv for 2 years the quality of picture is good , sounds OK . The only complaint me and thousands of other people are having is that the conductors on the board go bad . Basically at some point can b a week after you buy it or 3 years the TV will stop turning on right away , it will take about 5 min , then a few weeks later 10 min then a week later 20min till it does not turn on its at all . . Now you can at this point pay Samsung 300 + dollars to fix it more then half the price of the tv , or you can fix it yourself if you do not mind pulling the board out of it and soldering a few new conductors on . . Any way its and epic fail on Samsung part , guess i should spend the extra money and get a Sony . .
 Like some other posters , the common Samsung problem started occuring recently where it took longer and longer to turn on . Yesterday this TV finally died and just makes clicking noises . Obviously warranty is out of the question , and having it fixed by a professional would almost cost as much as a new tv . Sad that most Samsungs seem to only last under 3 years based on a lot of research I 've done regarding this problem on the internet .
 We bought this TV in October 2006 . About 2 1/2 months ago , a line appeared on the screen and `` grew '' to the entire length of the TV . We called within that week we noticed it and have been given the run around ever since . The last promise from Samsung is someone will call us to schedule an appointment to replace it . If it were n't for the slow customer service , I would give the TV 5 stars . The reason we even gave it 2 stars is because it is a great picture -LRB- if you over look our `` line . '' -RRB- We expect the TV 's we buy to last at least a couple of years !
 I bought this TV for a christmas present for my husband . After 4 days of use one of the speakers blew . We returned it and got a second one of the same make and model . We got 3 days out of this before wavy , amorphous colored shapes began to appear when we watched either DVD or TV . I know Samsung is supposed to make great LDC TVs , but I would steer away from this model based on our experience .
 I ordered for this NB-5L battery for my Canon SD800.In the site the product specification is 1200mAh . But the one was sent to me was 1000mAh . There is no mention of the manufacturer as it was in the site . Now I 've to return this back to Amazon .
 Plain and simple ... this thing is a battery hog . Expect to go through batteries quickly . Take batteries out when in storage as they still will drain.Find another product . I wish I could return mine -LRB- I bought 2 pairs ... ahhhhhhh -RRB- .
 it does work , but its painfully slow . Ive got a 4gb card and it took hours to fill it up . In my opinion , i dont think it could be any slower .
 Clean lines , easy connect to my unused Directv post and in the right location ... but , does not really grab the signal like I expected . No big deal , creates alot of wire to get to the head unit , better off with a simple inside antenna that will do just as good , or better a job .
 I read some other reviews said this antenna is good , buy it to replace my indoor antenna and hope it can get better HD signals . Set it up , set TV to re-scan all stations , do n't even get one more station at all , it make no different than my indoor antenna . May be need to put it outdoor , set up ladder climb up on the roof top and point to the right direction , make no different again . I am not asking for much , if it get a few channels more I will keep it , but well , return it for refund .
 After trying just about every antenna available locally I broke down and ordered the Winegard SS-1000 Squareshooter in hopes of receiving a better signal by moving my antenna outdoors . Unfortunately I do not have the ability to gain line of sight to the transmission towers and get only one of more than 6 stations available locally and the one station is not reliable . Not worth the money for me , but if you have line of sight it may be a good choice for you .
 We own this lens for several years using it on Nikon F70 . I was very disappointed with the over-all quality -LRB- esp . sharpness -RRB- of the lens . Tamron 28-200 lens is supposed to be also on the `` lower '' end of the quality scale - I tried it once and WHAT A HUGE DIFFERENCE compared to the 28-300 . In other word
 The CMP look very nice but it is useless . It has a stainless steel screw that willscrew into the hole on the base of your camera body . The adjustment seems very cool but that yellow brass part right there will damage your camera body.That CMP is bolted to the bracket assy by two alen bolts . I dont think this CMP will handle the weight of the 1DMK3 and the 70-200mm f2 .8 It may break , your 1DMK3 and lens will be on the ground .
 Custom Brackets has very por customer service , they will promise to deliver you item and then you never get it and they wo n't answer the phone or return messages . Stay away from buying anything made by Custom Brackets !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I started out buying more expensive Canon flashes but did n't need the E-TTL features . Based on a web review , I bought a couple of Vivitar 285HV 's and used them with my existing off-camera triggering system -LRB- which consists of Elinchrom Skyport radio triggers and Wein optical hot shoe triggers -RRB- . All of my existing triggers fired through the hot shoe of the flash and have worked with a variety of flashes , including older Vivitar 283 flashes.However , the 285HV is triggered on a different contact point than most flashes . It works fine on-camera , but does n't work at all with any of these remote triggering options.I 've found that you need to use the trigger port on the side of the flash . Wein peanut slaves have a high failure rate , but Sonia triggers seem to work much more consistently well with this flash.Once your system is working , these will fire consistently well . They do n't recycle as fast as some of the more modern and expensive designs , but if you take your time and compose each shot well , you should be just fine . I 've been replacing all of my other flashes and standardizing now on the 285HV for my field gear.I use these for semi-professional fashion and art photography and it often surprises people to see me using such humble looking equipment and yet I get great results from them . *** LONG TERM UPDATE *** These flashes only last a little over a year and then they are kaput . I have had a few of them , all purchased around the same time , and in the middle of a shoot they will suddenly flash brightly and then not work anymore . As far as I can tell , these units are sealed up and not meant to be repaired .
 I have also had disappointments with the newly manufactured 285 . I purchased two brand new . The first one did not work with my turbo pack , and the second one worked with the turbo pack when I tested it , but failed at a gig . Very frustrating . I returned both for a refund . From what I understand is the new models are now made in China under the brand name Vivitar , and are no longer a Japanese product.Chris Maness Photography
 I bought 3 , loved my old vivitar 285s . Real workhorses . All 3 did n't work when plugged into my quantum turbos . I kept them and am using them with AA NIMHs . However , because I need them to recycle fast -LRB- 3-4 seconds -RRB- I am restricted to only going up to 1/4 power . Very dissapointing to say the least .
 DO N'T BUY !! It worked fine for about a few months . Then it just stopped working ! I do n't know why ; I have never dropped it or anything .
 Vivitar used to be the go-to workhorse for photographers , but no more . Now they are made in China and prone to high failure . The one that I bought 1 year ago made a snapping and crackling sound the other day and then refused to fire after that . Efforts to contact the number on the warranty were fruitless ; the company has gone out of business and will not service its flashes . If you really want an old-school Vivi that wo n't fail , get a 283 made in Japan off of Ebay .
 It 's reasonably powerful but I broke the hot shoe mount today . It works well as long as you take care of it but it is a little too fragile for my needs .
 The flash is great when new , easy to understand and use , but dies after 4-5 months . I would n't mind getting another one , if they sold it for $ 10 , which is , what the product is really worth .
 Flash stopped working in less than a year . I called `` customer service department '' and got the run around . The `` technician '' told me in broken English that the product was no longer under warranty . I kindly informed him that it had a 2 year warranty , I was put on hold . He kept referring to it as a camera , I reminded him again that it was a flash . He finally said that a senior technician will call me within 24 hrs . I do NOT recommend this product and if you get one , hope that it does not break .
 Just got off the phone with Vivitar Service . I described my problem to two people over 30 minutes , then was told that they no longer sell/support this product . They proceeded to give me another number to call that was NOT IN SERVICE.This producrt supposedly came with a 2 year warranty . I have only had it 8 months and it worked fine for 7 . I understand discontinuing something , but to not honor the new warranty for customers sucks . To say this is bad business would be an understatement.If I can prevent anyone from purchasing their products today , my work is done.Since this flash failed , I purchased a used Nikon SB-24 from KEH . There is no comparison in the quality of the two and the Nikon is easier to use . I ca n't speak for the `` old Vivitar workhorses '' from the past , but anyone that says this one is as good as the 20 year old SB-24 is not really looking at the two . I am not bashing the 285HV because it failed . There is honestly no comparison in build quality .
 Disappointed that this ca n't be used safely with my Canon 50D . Have to return it for a safe one.Before putting a 285HV on your camera , please check with the camera manufacturer first . The 285 HV open circuit trigger voltage measures as much as 12 V. and many cameras are not rated for this voltage . Canon USA claims that Canon SLRs should not be used with triggers above 6V . and Olympus says do n't exceed 10 V. Nikon says 12V . is the maximum safe trigger voltage . Cameras that meet the ISO 10330 spec . are supposed to be safe up to 24V . Most modern cameras use solid state flash circuits -LRB- not mechanical contacts as old cameras did -RRB- , so the use of even a slight overvoltage can instantly do serious damage . Building a `` universal '' electronic flash with a 12V . trigger voltage for today 's cameras is really not very smart engineering when most well engineered units trigger using 3 or 4 Volts maximum.It 's interesting that Vivatar uses a `` HV '' designation for this flash unit . The old -LRB- film era -RRB- `` plain '' Vivitar 285 and Vivitar 283 flashes had a trigger voltage of over 250 Volts , but the `` HV '' version is 12V , which , unfortunately is still too HV for many cameras.If you do a web search for `` Electronic flash trigger voltage '' , you will find tons of info on this subject .
 I bought two of these flashes about a year ago . The first stopped working after about 5 months . Just would n't fire the flash . I probably used it less that 300 times . The second one stopped working about 12 months after I bought it . It let out a smell like burnt electronics and wo n't fire . Waste of money .
 I called up their support number . Twice I got the answers of they are sending me an online link of the driver for two calls I made . So far I have not received any email they promised to send . The last call I was told I am going to get it within 10 minutes . It is not the case.I am disappointed not receiving the link so far . Do n't know what is going on there . Only hope eventually I can get a workable driver .
 The camera would not recognize it . It 's not pretty , but It 's a HUGELY powerful flash . Sadly , it is useless to me in its current configuration .
 flash did not work as stated . it would not sink with my d60 . it was a little large making the camera top heavy.i returned the unit .
 It really would be nice if they specified which camera 's these work with , because this flash does not work with Pentax K-7 . The manual itself is as confusing as trying to read it in spanish . Tried calling Pentax customer service and ended up with Indian Customer Non-Service . I 'll buy American next time .
 I have had one of the worst customer experiences I have ever had with this company - I bought a screen protector from office depot , the card that came with it to spread the cover ended up scratching it to hell . Worst of all I CALLED CUSTOMER SERVICE , SPENT 30 min talking with some incompetent woman who didnt speak English nor did she know the products . . After talking with a supervisor he said he would send me a new protector WHICH HAS NEVER COME !!!! This is a lousy company , lousy products , and a bunch of liars .
 Great flash . Bright output , cheap , retro style and size , fantastic pop sound.I made the mistake of using Duracell rechargeable AA batteries and things started going downhill . It would take a few tries to get it to turn on and about three days of using those batteries , it would not turn on for the life of me ... Not sure why this is but there is a note in the manual cautioning not to use rechargeable batteries . I hate buying new batteries though.I really wish it still worked but I guess it was warning me .
 In researching a telephoto lens for my Canon s5is , I came across 47th Street Photo 's postings for two Tokina 3x Lenses . The first stated it was 52mm with adapter rings and was a kit , the second was this one that stated 58mm . This product was about $ 10 more than the 52mm counterpart . Since my bayonet is 58mm , I chose this product to fill my needs . It arrived promptly , but when I opened the packaging I immediately noticed it was a 52mm lens . Luckily it included adapter rings , but it was not as advertised . I contacted 47th Street Photo to see if there was a mistake in shipping , and they informed me that there was n't . So when I explained to them about their posting , they had no useful comments or information , they just restated that it was only a 52mm lens . When I explained I wanted a credit for the $ 10 dollar difference -LRB- I would have purchased the kit if I had known they were the same lens -RRB- they said they would only refund the complete sale after I shipped the lens back to them and I could then order the 52mm kit . Since paying to ship the lens back and then paying to ship the kit lens to me would be more expensive , I just sucked this one up as a lesson learned . I was HUGELY dissapointed in 47th Street Photo 's customer service . I 'm not entirely impressed with the quality of this lens , there is terrible ' g
 Flash went crazy , tried to fast recycle for no reason and fried itself on fifth picture of first use . Probably a fluke . Amazon is the fastest thing going for a refund . I do n't have those first few pictures back to evaluate how good it was as a fill flash that I was using it for outside .
 Had the same problem as second reviewer ... it POPPED , FRIED , then smelt of burnt plastic/wires after less than 10 flashes . Sadly it was a gift , too . I 'll be testing amazons RETURNS performance soon .
 Hooked up a kenwood DAC 9104d to them , wired it at 4 ohms and powered the amp down to try and keep them under 175 . Figured they would handle what I consider minimal bass output for a decent sub . I was wrong . They lasted for exactly 3 minutes . They both went out quick , I thought my amp went into protection so I stopped at a gas station , amp was on and functioning . I come home and hook up an old 12 , it thumps . Hook them back up , one is producing zero sound and the other one is producing an extremely low faint of sound . It 's blown . Figured when one failed the power to the other probably shot up killing it completely in a fraction of a second . These subs suck . I was running at lowest power possible unless I went to 8 ohms which I considered . Last time I pay 30 dollars for a sub .
 I bought this to take advantage of the Faroujda processing , and I have no complaints about the picture . However , after about three months an annoying bug developed
 Do n't buy this , get a 283/285HV instead . It powers down after 5mins , when you 're least expecting it . I 've missed so many shots because the flash was not ready when I was . Poor design feature which can not be overridden .
 This receiver must have spent a good deal of time on this product in 2 ways
 AVOID THIS STEREO AT ALL COSTS ! I am writing this review to I can save you from a fate I had.Ok , yes , the stereo has AMAZING sound quality . But who cares if you ca n't even use it ? This is probably the most breakable piece of equipment ever made . And it should n't be . To start with something small , the buttons out of the controller fall out , and it is impossible to place them back in . I take SUPERB care of my remote , and then I click a button and it POPS out . What the hell I ask ? Crappy manufacturing , apparently.But here 's the real problem
 I have been burning DVD 's for a little over a year with about 100 + dvd 's burnt without any problems whatsoever . That is , until I made the terrible mistake of buying a 7 pack of these disks . The first 2 I tried -LRB- burning a DVD movie -RRB- failed to even write , then I burned 1 good copy of the same movie . The next 2 seemed to burn fine , then 1 failed to burn . Upon further investigation the 2 that seemed to burn fine would not play in my DVD player , in fact , they would no longer even work in my DVD burner . The last of the 7 dvd 's burned fine -LRB- at least the dvd player recognizes the dvd , have n't watched it yet -RRB- . So when its all said and done , of the 7 disks I purchased for $ 25cdn only 2 worked . I would not recommend these disks to anyone .
 This was a great mouse for about 3 months until erratic behavior . Either playing games or daily activities , my G5 has resorted to freezing and resetting itself every 30 mins or so . Logitech support is very lacking and they can only tell you to update the firmware and setpoint software . By the way , neither has cured the problem .
 As a very satisfied owner of both the MX500 and MX510 mice , I had very high expectations of the G5 . These are the differences I liked and did n't like about the G5 over the MX510 : Pros : ** Two customizable buttons with the addition of the tilt wheel -LRB- although , at the cost of a thumb button -RRB- ** Smooth feet , glides very nicely ** USB cord feels really smooth and nice . Will possibly reduce cord friction and tug . -LRB- Although , the mouse itself feels constantly dirty due to a textured surface -RRB- ** That 's about it!Cons : ** Tilt wheel too sensitive
 I got the G5 to enhance my game playing with a variety of games . Unfortunately the first time I got the G5 it would not work . It installed fine and the XP system recognized its existence -LRB- Device manager OK , etc -RRB- but the system would not recognize cursor movements nor button actions . I traded it in for a replacement and it worked for an entire two weeks and then it stopped working the same way . I would not recommend this mouse to any one , although based on the other reviews not every one has had the same disasterous problems I have had . My other mice work fine although not with the crisp action I enjoyed with my second G5 for the first two weeks . Buyer beware !
 As other users have pointed out - there is some problem with the scroll wheel sensitivity . It is too high in some positions . A middle click sometimes causes a scroll as a side effect . When I try to middle click in Firefox - the link jumps from under the pointer . It does n't happen very often , but is still between annoying and frustrating . No software setting would cure that . I tried waiting for a week to see if my fingers would learn . I got used to the considerably higher force needed to push the middle button , but the occasional `` middle click scrolling '' persisted.The case was quickly closed when my gentle half complained that there must be some problem with Windows lately as the pages keeps shifting . She is a graphic designer and the main reason for buying that overpriced piece of shiny plastic . Several hours later the mouse was on its way back to Amazon.This is the second disappointing experience with a Logitech mouse . My MX518 developed a strange creaking in the left button after only 6 months of light desktop/browsing use .
 I am fairly adept comp user . I play Battlefield 2 and that 's mainly why I bought the G5 mouse . It is very smooth , but I have had plenty of problems.For starters , the mouse cord is braided , which makes it MUCH stiffer than any other mouse cord I have ever seen . It restricted movement so badly , I used a razor blade and cut off the braided sleeve . That solved the problem , but God only knows who ever thought it a good idea to make a stiff mouse cord.I still do not have the software working adequately . I can not get the resolution to change properly in-game . Additionally , I was having terrible lag in-game when trying to utilize a thumb button as a keystroke command.The scroll wheel is harder to rotate than other mice . Plus , the wheel click requires you to push down with at least twice as much force as any other mouse I ever had.I do like the way the mouse feels in my hand , but I would never buy another and I can not recommend it .
 I bought this mouse expecting a superior gaming experience , and as a gamer , I was greatly disappointed with it . Let me help you see through the impressive specs and hyped reviews by illustrating my problems with the G5 : - NONE of the buttons on the G5 -LRB- except left-click and right-click -RRB- behave like standard mouse buttons by default . That 's right
 An issue that has been raised by other reviewers , but which is such a big problem that I have to mention it , is the middle mouse button
 This mouse is the jerkiest I 've ever used . It is just not possible to actually reach any particular place on the screen because the mouse jumps 10 or more pixels in random directions . I will never buy another logitech mouse .
 Lately my game of choice has been 2142 and I picked up the G5 after my mates who are ALL Quake players swear up and down about it.Turns out the G5 gaming mouse is not compatable with 2142 . How stupid are these guys to make a G5 with the 2142 game logo on the mouse and it 's not compatable with it ! Yikes !
 I 've been using this for months now , and am extremely frustrated with it . Please read my review before purchasing this . All the people that gave this a positive review clearly did n't use it for an extended period of time.Let 's think back to the whole reason for getting away from the mouse-ball . It was because dust and garbage would collect inside the mouse-ball chamber , and the mouse would act erratically , almost unusable . Optical and laser mice promised to solve this problem.Now this mouse may have amazing DPI and precision -LRB- though it 's not noticeable -RRB- ... but it gets clogged just like a ball mouse ! WORSE in fact!When this mouse gets clogged , it 's even LESS usable than a clogged ball-styled mouse . Sometimes the cursor randomly quivers in one corner , and barely responds to my drastic movements . And no , mine is NOT broken ! When I clean it , it 's fine again . But cleaning it is nearly impossible - I have to use a fine-tipped pen and dig into this tiny hole . I have to do this at least twice a week , minimum . Just ridiculous.One of the pictures here on Amazon shows the underbelly . Notice that little `` cave '' where the laser resides ? THAT is what I 'm talking about . Twice a week I have to clean that out , and my desk and mouse pad are spotless . My old-fashioned ball-styled mouse only had to be cleaned maybe every-other month , and that was just out of habit , not necessity.Day one of using this was GREAT . Five stars . Day two ? Zero .
 I bought the mouse and had high expectations . However , I did not think its worth $ 30 more than a standard mouse . Well , I would not try to buy a gamer mouse again .
 I bought this mouse to complete my sweet gaming setup only to find it was 2 steps back . The mouse is way to bulky and side buttons to clucky
 I 'm on my second mouse and am going to return it for a refund . The G5 is a great mouse but has a very flawed mouse wheel . The G5 's wheel is notched so when you turn it to scroll , each click or notch scrolls your window by the increment you specify in the the control panel . Well , that is how it is supposed to work ... . As you scroll , about one in every 10 to 15 clicks , the mouse wo n't register you 've scrolled . The mouse physically clicks but on your PC nothing happens.This is very frustrating in programs like ACDSee or in games where you often have to scroll one unit at a time . I was looking through pictures in ACDSee and thought I was at the end of the pictures in the folder because I scrolled one more picture down and nothing happened . -LRB- The scroll wheels lets you move through all of the pictures in a directory in this program . -RRB- If the wheel worked as on all other mice I 've used then I would give this mouse a 5-star rating -- but the wheel problem is such a big flaw I 'm returning the mouse for a refund.Shame on you Logitech for making a premium mouse with this flaw . All of the other Logitech mice I 've used in the past have never had this problem .
 The G5 is an utter disappointment . If you want hassle free `` working right out of the box '' gaming mouse , get another brand of laser mouse . Do n't get me wrong . The G5 is awesome as far as hardware is concerned . But it falls fast , flat and hard when it comes to drivers.This is what you can expect , pretty much every and any game out there will ONLY recognize the G5 's left and right mouse buttons , and the scroll wheel . The middle mouse button on the scroll wheel and the back mouse button is non-existant . You can buy a much cheaper two button mouse then the G5 and get a whole lot more functionality without any hassles.Take a basic gaming classic such as Counter Strike . Go into options , keyboard and edit any option to use the scroll button or back button . The game will prompt you to press the button you want to map to the game function . You can press the scroll wheel button or the back button until you 're blue in the face , the game will never recognize the button as ever being pressed.My 1996 MS Optical trackball 's scroll wheel button is recognized by EVERY game as middle mouse button , or MOUSE3 in counter strike . Here we are in the next century and Logitech 's tour de force Gaming Mouse defaults the scroll wheel mouse to `` Zoom '' . I thought I bought a gaming mouse , not some MS Office productivity mouse . Sadly I have yet to find a game that recognizes the G5 's scroll wheel button , nevermind the back button . I can purchase a cheap MS optical mouse and counter strike will automatically detect the scroll wheel button as MOUSE3 . Logitech 's touted gamer mouse ca n't even do that.The mouse design is great , the mouse is great ... `` a gaming mouse made by gamers '' the way they market it . Now if they could just take that a step further to ... `` a gaming mouse driver and utility made by gamers '' , then you 'd have a real gaming mouse . This game mouse with drivers and mouse button defaults made by spreadsheet geeks does n't cut it.And here 's an idea for Logitech , in the mouse utility program where they 've defaulted the scroll mouse button to Zoom ... . add the option to turn the scroll mouse button into ... gasp ... a middle mouse button . They could even setup the back mouse button with option to be mouse button 4 . Instead they 've given us a useless mouse utility that turns these mouse buttons into page forward or page back , etc.It 's a gaming mouse , with driver defaults that imply that gamers really want to open a spreadsheet up in the middle of BF2 to do their tax returns.The G5 should be recognized by almost every game right out of the box . Non-gaming mice can do this , without having to create mouse driver profiles or downloading additional utilities . The G5 ca n't , it 's pathetic . Sadly , here we are way after release and the problem is still there .
 not the whole mouse , just the middle wheel . right now . Yes , I was raving on another review and the wheel spun off the tracker spindal -LRB- or whatever -RRB- and now just freewheels . The mouse , incidently was used in Dark Messiah . A game requiring much rigorous reflexes . BUT I was not totally abusive , just gaming with frequent spins -LRB- now keyed to hotkeys -RRB- . DO N'T USE WHEELS TO SELECT INVENTORY IN GAMES ! Still , it should have lasted longer than 2 lousy months . And so it is a 45 -LRB- os so bux -RRB- Pile of mouse droppings . I do not recomend the FATALITY eirther , the guy who invented the thing uses a professional equipment not designed for just commoners like us . HOWEVER the 2020 or the other weird one might be the ticket . I am leary about it as the 1010 was n't that good either -LRB- at any game -RRB- . I recomend another brand ... logitech -LRB- as microhard -RRB- has lately been pedaling junk at brand price . I live by saitek . ALL PRAISE SAITEK !!! SUPREME FANBOY !!!! PRAISE BE THE ALMIGHTY COMPANY !
 Generally agree with other reviewers here that the mouse is not worth the price . Mine was also unfortunately broken out of the box . Kudos to Amazon for their great and simple return policy . The main problem was that the mouse would cease to function and I would have to plug in and unplug again and again to get it to work again . After the second day the mouse stopped working altogether . The adjustable weight idea is an interesting concept , and the mouse is somewhat ergonomic -LRB- though to be honest I preferred the feel of my cheaper Microsoft Intellimouse Explorer 4.0 -RRB- . Overall this device is definitely not worth the price , there are considerably cheaper mice to be had that are just as nice or better , with higher reliability . It used to be the Logitech put out really high quality devices , but I fear their quality is slipping now .
 Will not install on a new , fresh , PC with nothing else installed . The first thing I needed to install was mouse & Keyboard . Key board no problem . Setpoint software will not install NO MATTER WHAT ! No help from Logitech , did everything in FAQ ... . THREE TIMES . WILL NOT INSTALL . I have thrown it away . Installed Razor copperhead in 2.66 min. , wasted 6.25 hours and could not get Logitech to work . I have been using PC 's since they were invented and never have failed to install anything , software or hardware . Until now . Never owned a keyboard or Mouse that were not Logitech , until now ... . I support Razor ... . they install , not lockup.They are not trying.Good Luck to you with yours .
 I bought this mouse on the first day it was released . I could n't wait . I hooked it up and began playing Battlefield 2 . I do n't follow the traditional WASP controls . I use the scroll wheel button for `` forward '' control when playing FPSers . I switch weapons by rolling the scroll wheel . The major issue I had with this mouse was the scroll wheel was way to sensitive . I would push down to go forward and the weapons would randomly switch as I was running forward !!! I 've owned many gaming mice -LRB- Razor Diamondback and Logitech MX510 currently -RRB- and none displayed this behavor . No matter how hard I tried not to cause the weapons to switch while going forward they would switch . The left and right feature of the scroll wheel was also a minor pain . The scroll wheel would lean to the left as I was playing . I guess I 've always depressed the scroll wheel in a downward left motion . I may have been able to overcome that but the weapon switching was either a defect of that mouse or the mouse design was too sensitive/cheap . It was n't me . I returned it and went back to my Razor and MX510 . If you use the traditional WASP then you should be happy . I give it a 2 instead of a 1 in case it was a defect .
 Bought one locally to try and like most previous logitech mice I have had -LRB- and wo n't game without -RRB- the left mouse button starts to mechanically stick after only 3 weeks of use ! The response is amazing do n't get me wrong and I love the MX series but Logitech 's quality has hit rock bottom with this mouse . There is a reason there 's a $ 30 rebate , cmon people .
 I expected Logitech to learn from past mistakes with their MX-series mice , but they have n't . I purchase most of their mice , only to find them disfunctional or downright broken in numerous respects . The G5 is no different from all the rest of the MX-series mice , and in fact , is worse if you compare price to what you 're getting .1 . The fact this mouse claims to track at 1200dpi matters not ; you can adjust all of this by adjusting mouse acceleration in Windows -LRB- or for gamers , in the actual game itself -RRB- . You gain * absolutely nothing * with such a high `` resolution '' -- all it does is increase the default acceleration of the mouse . It 's pure marketing , folks . Anything above ~ 600dpi is marketing schmooze .2 . Continues to exhibit the high-pitch-noise problem that all the other MX-series mice do . Logitech continues to deny this problem , despite thousands of users reporting it . The IR receptor/transmitter inside of the mouse used for the scroll wheel emits a high pitch noise -LRB- similar to that of CRT monitors and televisions -RRB- . If Logitech does not address this soon , it will eventually become class-action lawsuit material .3 . The underside of the mouse is never shown in any publicity photos . When you get it , you 'll be amazed to see a gigantic rectangular hole with cheap orange plastic inside . This is used for adjusting the weight of the mouse -- a legitimate need/requirement for gamers . However , how it 's implemented is shoddy and makes the mouse look more like a cheap Tonka toy than it does an actual piece of computer hardware . The weights are also * way * too small in size -LRB- and are round , while the insert spot is rectangular -- why ?! -RRB- 4 . There is no Forward button on this model of mouse . Yes , that 's correct , they removed the Forward button -- the same button their MX500/510/518 mice sport . For some reason Logitech felt it was necessary to go back to the days of the MX300/310 where only a Back button exists . This makes no sense from ANY perspective .5 . On-the-fly adjustable speed/acceleration buttons are either too sensitive or too difficult to press .6 . The mouse cord is now * tethered * , and is THINNER . Meaning , the cord is n't plastic -- it 's some sort-of tether-like material , making it feel more like cloth than rubber . This does n't matter for most people , but for those of us who use mouse cord holsters -LRB- like the ones from X-Trac -RRB- , it matters quite a bit -- as the holsters now become 100 % useless .7 . The sides of the mouse have some sort-of rubber `` grip '' applied to them -LRB- feels a lot like spray-on rubber -RRB- . It has a strange feel to it , almost as if you 're gripping a piece of particle board . Very odd , and very non-normal . If you 're not concerned with any of the above issues -LRB- although # 2 affects anyone with sensitive hearing -RRB- , then this mouse is more than suitable for you . Otherwise , buyer beware .
 yes you may think the software is a `` minor '' anoyance but it , infact is a disastar over time . The bloated ware much like creavies `` Audigy and Live products -LRB- X-Fa too -RRB- can strain your OS and the registry over time causing game malfuntion that requires a re-partitioning and formatt of the harddisks . IN ADDITION TO THat , this bloatware contains a virus called `` backweb '' and my Kaspersky anti-hacker software -LRB- and rightly so doing -RRB- has imediately detected it and I have terminated the access and in so doing `` Setpoint '' overbearing as always DEMANDS access to backweb so I turned both off and just use the hardware features but the driver is needed and yet does not work properly without the bloated ware which is more bloated than a Fat cow with PMS .
 Though its `` overall presentation '' might look good , do not be decieved ... please . This system is total junk . The CDXP300 died on me in less than a year - one of the speakers stopped working -LRB- that is when I insert a CD -RRB- . Never thought it could get worse , until one day , the CD tray got stuck open . Now I have a stereo with messed up speakers and a CD tray sticking out . Do yourself a favor and do n't waste good money on this garbage .
 When I upgraded my computer system , my old 300W sparkle PS did n't do the trick . I bought this unit to replace it . Seemed to work better at first , then after a short time got HD errors , slow unresponsive system at times . I finally replaced it with a 500W Antec , and my system runs great . The unit was probably not putting out 450W , because I doubt that +50 W would make that much difference , and 450W should have been enough to power my system .
 Today I received my second normal , run-of-the-mill optical cable with a normal , run-of-the-mill toslink plug on both ends . Why is this significant ? Because this is the second time I have ordered a cable that `` claimed '' to have a normal toslink on one end and a mini-toslink on the other . The picture of each cable even showed a mini-toslink on one end , but alas , the cable itself has none . Does the ellusive mini-toslink plug actually exist or is it just a myth ? I do not know , but I am done paying shipping charge in order to find out . Beware of the picture ... it lies .
 plugged it in the computer , plugged it in the bluray receiver and there 's no sound.I used different types of cable and it works , just not this one . Unhappy , but ca n't return because it 's not worth the shipping cost that I paid for and have to pay again .
 Purchased this for the purpose of connecting my Macbook Air to my home stereo tbe cable is as described but the mini end is too fat and does n't seem fit deep enough into the phono plug to work on the Macbook side . Be warned !
 I bought this cable , so I could have the sound from my macbook pro go through my TV . Received it and it does n't work , the price was so cheap I did n't bother to return it .
 If you buy the cheapest cable , I guess it should n't be a surprise when it dies on you sooner than you 'd expect , but it still sucks . I used to buy very expensive name-brand cables , but have slowly been going cheaper and cheaper . I 've learned for some cables that see a lot of daily wear and tear -LRB- think
 You know they say you get what you pay for , in this case I would say it is no different . Quality degraded after the first week then it started to cut out , then pops in sound and cutting out and continuing down hill from there . I replaced it with a Velocity brand cable and have been much happier .
 Worked great for awhile , but after 6 months it would no longer transmit signal . Replaced with a different cable to confirm that this was the faulty link .
 They sent the wrong wire . I called and they said that they would send the correct one but never did . Do n't ever buy anything from this company . Looking over the reviews I see that I 'm not the only who has experienced this problem .
 Ordered from seller Abacus24-7 and received plain TOS to TOS cable with a label of mini TOS to TOS cable . Ordered via amazon prime and returned at no cost . Just some time wasted . Would not recommend ordering the cable until they have fixed the inventory .
 Purchased mine from seller Abacus24-7 via Amazon Prime and Amazon Market Place . I received a standard Toslink-Toslink cable as several other reviewers have . Return went smoothly .
 Bought this cable expecting to receive a toslink -LRB- optical -RRB- audio to mini toslink connection and received a normal toslink to toslink cable . Beware . Do not order from this seller , false advertising .
 ITEM DID NOT WORK AS EXPECTED . I have a VIZIO 42 '' RAZOR EDGE HD TV and was -LRB- still am -RRB- trying to send the AUDIO OUT signal from the TV to a brand new -LRB- 2011 -RRB- BOSE ` Acoustic Wave Machine ' . The only AUDIO OUT option on this particular VIZIO unit is a ` female ' S/PDIF -LRB- fiber optic -RRB- AUDIO OUT jack . The BOSE unit only accepts an AUDIO IN signal via a ` male ' AUX mini jack . The item I purchased from this seller was a cable with a ` male ' S/PDIF jack on one end , and a ` male ' AUX mini jack on the other end , and was supposed to be the solution to my dilema . After numerous hook-up attempts , the cable I purchased DID NOT transfer the AUDIO OUT signal from the TV to the BOSE unit as expected . I had been told by the ` pros ' at RADIO SHACK that no such signal transfer cable existed . It seems they were correct . This seller DID ship the item FAST , and the cost was very reasonable , but the end result -LRB- for me -RRB- was a non-functional cable purchase . I hope this review helps someone facing this same type of situation . I do not fault this seller for my problem . My frustration lies with VIZIO for NOT supplying RCA AUDIO OUT jacks on this TV , and with BOSE for NOT supplying a modern `` up-to-date '' AUDIO IN recepticle for their overpriced `` cutting edge technology '' product .
 I have used this flash with an EOS 600 , EOS Digital Rebel and an 1Ds Mk II . getting the correct exposure out of this flash was always difficult . I finally decided to shell out the cash and buy a decent flash such as Canon 's 580 . I would not recommend ...
 These provided absolutely no improved reception at all over the cheap fm antenna that came with the receiver . Would not recommend this to anyone ... you get what you pay for .
 I bought this antenna because some reviewers loved it , and I wanted improved reception on both AM and FM stations without having to rig up an external antenna . I connected it to my stereo receiver , and compared the sound quality with that from my old , cheap antennas that came with the receiver -LRB- a 300-ohm flat ribbon antenna for FM , and a small plastic loop antenna for AM -RRB- . The Terk came up short to both , regardless of how I oriented it.Maybe this antenna helps in some situations , but it did n't help me . I returned it yesterday for a refund .
 Ordered two of these , one for home shop and one for cabin on the river . Does not improve reception any at all for local am station 15 miles away and at much lower elevation with no rise in elevation between . The antenna is located in a window elevated 6 feet from the floor level in a wood frame shingle roof building with nothing which would cause interference nearby . Waste of money.Terk Technology AM/FM + Radio Antenna
 I took a chance after reading the split reviews on this antenna . Current reviews were running almost 50/50 with this antenna either being the best thing out there or a piece of crap . For me it 's a piece of crap . The stock antenna does a better job . I started by setting it next to the receiver - nope . Laid it down flat - little better but still no . Mounted it up on the wall - nope . Ran it out the window and pointed it in the direction of the station I was trying to pick up - not any better . The signal continually goes in and out every two to three minutes . With the stock antenna I only have to put up with a dropped signal every 45 minutes or so.So yep - boxed back up and ready to send back . Know that if you decide to purchase this you have no better than a 50/50 shot of it performing .
 This product installed easily enough and that was all that is good about it.I live in a area with several strong AM and FM stations and even the strongest are full of static and very weak.Don ' t waste your money .
 The device looks good but does n't improve the signal as I expected , I need to search more and look for deferent Brand ... feel like I just wasted my time .
 I was very disapointed in the FM Antenna . I have not been able to pick up any radio station with this product .
 With high expectations , installated on my receiver per directions . Extremely weak signal . Installation instructions rechecked . Looked correct . Re - , rechecked installation instructions and reinstalled . Same pitiful result regardless of location . The silly FM antenna wire and AM loop that came with the receiver were VASTLY superior . Forget about it .
 This garbage is installed easily . And that was all that is fine about it.In my area I have many strong AM and FM stations . Then even the strongestare full of static and very weak . It is made cheaply ; from Kina of course ; Place 2 wires and you are better off that to install this crap ; Please , do n't waste your money .
 I returned this item -LRB- Amazon is great about returns ! -RRB- because this antenna made absolutely no improvement over the loose wire OEM antenna that came with my receiver.This is not the antennas fault ; I have three walls between my receiver and the direction of the stations so I 'll probably have to go with an outside antenna .
 It did n't take long to determine the ineffectiveness of this antenna for my uses , and it was returned pronto . It may be that my Boston Acoustics Receptor and my Bose Wave radios have such good internal and included antennas that they just made this antenna look bad , but I have lots better results without this item . True , it did n't cost much , but it did less . Perhaps it would make some difference with a lesser radio , but both my radios are better off using their own . I rate this a no no if you have a good radio .
 Bought this hoping the connections and adaptors would work with an Onkyo receiver 's FM antenna connection , which is the same threaded co-axial configuration as your cable TV . This unit came with an adaptor , but its designed to push into the regular push-fit FM coaxial antenna and provide two wires coming out the back . QED it wo n't work with the Onkyo receivers .
 Do not waste your money on this product . This product is Junk . I bought this item to attach to my new Onkyo receiver in hopes that it would improve the sound quality being provided by the cheap AM hoop antenna and the FM wire antenna which came with the Onkyo receiver . As it turns out the cheap AM hoop antenna that came with the receiver worked much better than the Terk Antenna . As far as FM reception that cheap wire antenna which came with the Onkyo receiver provided reception equal to the Terk antenna . I am returning this item and will stick with the cheap antennas that came with the Onkyo receiver .
 looks nice . decent quality build . BUT !!! it only allowed me to pick up about 2 stations more than NO attena at all . They should n't even manufacture this thing ! I wound taking this cheap wire that came with a boombox from years ago and plugging that into my Denon Receiver and spreading it out to get reception . that silly wire picks up a ton of stations and this thing that cost something picked up next to nothing ! VERY DISAPOINTING !!!!! I will say that I was very pleased with the purchase through Amazon and the company that shipped it out . As always I 've been pleased with how quickly I recieved the product !
 Do n't waste your money or your time . This simply does n't work worth a d ** n. I only pull in a few stations with the internal antenna on my otherwise -LRB- CD etc -RRB- excellent Tivoli Audio . I bought this because it was one of the few external antennas that offered both AM and FM reception . Unfortunately it does n't improve reception AT ALL .
 Well , not too much to say about this product other than the radio sounded better , with less static , without the unit compared to with it connected . I returned it the next day.I live in the metro area where most FM radio stations come in very well , but a couple that I like can have some static from time to time . So , I opted for this unit as a relatively cheap way to improve radio reception . Unfortunately , that was not the case at all . Reception was worse across the board with this unit compared to the simple wire provided by my receiver manufacturer -LRB- Sony -RRB- . I think connecting this unit introduces more possibilities for signal interference with other audio components nearby that make it unsuitable to have anywhere near other audio components.Bottom line
 The Amazon.com reviews of the Terk Technology AM/FM Radio Antenna provided fair warning . While a few were favorable , there were some who found the product useless . Regrettably , I must join the latter group . I tried the antenna on two FM receivers in two separate rooms of my New York City apartment . It failed to pick up any signals , much worse than a t-wire antenna on one receiver and a rabbit ears on the other . I am happy to report that returning the product to Amazon.com and receiving a credit for its cost was easy and painless .
 I purchaed this Antenna hoping my HD radio reception would improve . Unfortunately the reception is far worse than the standard wire-loop antenna that came with the HD radio .
 I tried it with my new Pioneer A/V receiver . It did not work very well . I am using the simple wire antenna that came with the unit . I may try it again . I have found in the past , the simple all directional out doors antenna is the best way to go for FM . A long wire AN out doors antenna works real well for AM .
 This antenna did not offer good reception . In fact , unless `` aimed '' precisely , it seems to be no different than having no antenna . Additionally , it is large and awkward .
 I was trying to get in three FM stations that were local ~ 20 miles , but had very weak signals -LRB- public radio , college , etc -RRB- . This did NOT help at all . In fact , 2 of my other corporate FM stations -LRB- which had `` medium '' signals -RRB- were actually made much worse with this thing ! And for the very `` strong '' corporate signal FM stations , it added some sort of distortion that made my speakers crackle and pop like they were blown . It totally killed ALL of my AM stations . A useles piece of junk , in my opinion .
 This pretty much sum up my experience . It is realy easy to set up but it is not helping me where I needed . The weak station remains weak . A powered antenna should help but my experience is that powered antenna also introduce much interference . Placing it close to windows should help - the location of my stereo is in the middle of my house .
 I bought this antenna after reading about various different antennas . I wanted to run my home entertainment tuner . I live inside a small town of about 6500 people , and 32 miles from a very large city that offers many AM stations that I enjoy . I was very suprised to find that the AM does n't work well enough to understand any stations , period . It is a static mess . However , I rate this 1 star instead of none because the FM works flawlessly . Very clear and pics up all the stations in the area as it should . If you are looking for an FM antenna , buy this . AM , do n't waste your money , this thing is a peice of crap . How they can get away with calling this an AM antenna I do n't know ...
 My Sangean WR2 table radio comes with a crappy wire antenna but evidently a pretty good tuner - with the crappy antenna connected , I was able to get better than average FM tuning in my NYC office , but non-existent AM tuning . After spending $ 20 on the Terk AM FM + passive antenna , I discovered minor increases in FM tuning -LRB- 2 stations came in stronger , but no new stations could be tuned -RRB- and zero increase in AM tuning.The Terk needed to be moved around a bit to maximize signal strength , the same as the mfgr 's out of the box wire , but the ugly bulky Terk and its voluminous wires was far less convenient to move around , took up more desk space , and was an obtrusive eyesore . All in all , slightly improved tuning on two stations was not worth the $ 20 and added inconvenience of using the Terk.This is my second Terk disappointment ; one of their powered TV antennas was even worse - costlier and with plastic junk knobs that fell off quickly . This seems like a pretty inferior company , and their prices are certainly much higher than the quality or effectiveness of their products would indicate .
 Even after reading many of the negative comments I decided to purchase this antenna for my HD radio tuner . While it was able to get some weaker analog signals in , the Terk Antenna did not pull in any HD radio stations , which was what it was advertised for . As my location could be a factor in the reception of these signals -LRB- 26 miles away from the broadcast tower farm -RRB- , it is surprising that the loop antenna provided by the manufacturer of the HD tuner was more effective in pulling in stations . My suggestion is to stay away from this antenna and opt instead for an amplified antenna .
 I guess it is my fault that I did n't realize this was a non - amplified antenna . As such it is little better than the wire antennas that hang off the back of your receiver . I can not distinguish the difference between signals with or without these antennas . Without amplification they do nothing to pull in weak signals . This item is very overpriced for what it is . Seller shipped very quicking and I ca n't find fault with the seller , it just is n't a very good product .
 This is a piece of junk . It did NOT improve reception on any of my radios . If it were more expensive , I would have returned it .
 I noticed a very slight improvement from a small single wire antenna supplied by the receiver manufacturer.I do n't recommend .
 I have a high-end Boston Acoustics HD radio that I use in my bathroom . I had been using an old TV rabbit ears , which worked quite well , but looked crappy . I bought the TERK AM/FM thinking I would get great reception and great looks . Well , it looks good anyway . When I move around in the bathroom , the volume goes from way too loud to almost inaudible , which is not only annoying , but makes the antenna almost useless . I can move only 6 inches or from a distance as far as 10 feet and it happens . I expected better . The rabbit ears never had this problem!I contacted TERK -LRB- Audiovox -RRB- and they emailed me immediately and told me to call customer technical support . I did . The first thing they did was to ask for the model number , so I gave them the number on the antenna . No , that was not the model number - it 's not on the antenna ; you have to get it off the box ! Which , of course , I threw away after I installed the antenna . To say the least , the tech guy seemed irritated at me and offered no help whatsoever.This is a disappointing product with less than great technical support . I ca n't recommend it to anyone . I guess I 'll be digging out those old rabbit ears !
 I get surprisingly good reception and good sound from a vintage Dynaco FM-5 tuner . I have been using a simple T-type wire antenna . The Terk looks high tech but did n't work as well as the dime store T-type antenna . Save your money .
 I have poor reception where I live and was hoping this would improve my reception which it did n't .
 Length :
 Did n't connect to my hi end Yamaha Reciever , and once it did , it did n't work . Going back to the store . Lost more channels after I hooked it up ! Do n't waste your money on this blac plastic junk .
 I 'm sorry I can not figure how it would work without a way to plug it into something ? It doe n't work with my Ghost Box , and I ca n't hook it up w/anything else either
 This product worked should not be sold , as it contains hazardous chemicals if it falls and opens , as I found out . It smelled awful . There was some powdery substance in it that I thought might be something that is not supposed to be inside buildings or houses , it smelled so bad . I would not recommend purchasing this product as it is made of cheap materials that , if this product falls and opens up , has awful fumes it leaves behind . I have put it in the box it came in and am going to dispose of it in the hazardous waste facility .
 I think if I used kite string to attach an out of focus black and white photograph of NikolaTesla playing whist to my Tivoli radio it would improve reception as much as thisthing did .
 My old wire type antenna gets better reception than this piece of junk .
 I live in in the DFW metroplex about 25 miles north of downtown Dallas . This antenna -LRB- and I use the term loosely -RRB- can not even receive some of the strongest FM signals on the dial - stations that can be picked up on a car radio easily an hour north of where I live . Save your money . Wire and tin foil would probably work better .
 The device looks good but does n't improve the signal as I expected , I need to search more and look for deferent Brand ... feel like I just wasted my time and money !!
 I 've had this antenna for a few years and found my receiption is still poor , constantly moving the antenna to receive reception . It would be best to spend a little more money and buy a better antenna then waste your money on this .
 The `` nothing '' refers to exactly what this product did for my AM/FM reception . It did , however , lighten my wallet by a few dollars .
 I have the Sangean WR-11 radio . This TERK antenna resulted in worse reception than the internal antenna in the radio . Very disappointing . I returned the antenna .
 bought for my sound system -LRB- replacing the long wire that came with the sound system -RRB- . There were a few FM stations that I was not able to get with my other antena and I thought this antena would but it gets the exact same stations as my other antena and can not pick up all the stations in my area.The AM antena is equally bad , Would not recommend .
 System sounds flat and muddy . It does n't sound crisp . Looks great but I 'm not impressed with the sound .
 I used to have a SHARP 13VT-J100 -LRB- a nearly identical earlier model -RRB- which worked beautifully over a period of five years , and seemed very nicely designed . The remote control was well laid out ; I never once hit REC or STOP at the wrong time . The menus and timer system were intuitive and easy to use.It finally broke when I tried to play an old damaged video cassette -LRB- bad mistake ! -RRB- and I had to look for a replacement . I searched for the latest SHARP model , and found this one . The 13VT-R100 is very similar to the older model from 1997 , and seemed very satisfactory at first . There were a few minor design changes , I think slightly for the worse ; and a few technical extras such as a V-chip for content-based parental control.Unfortunately , I ran into a big problem . Sometimes on TIMER RECORD mode , the VCR would record the wrong station . I 'd get back home expecting to watch one show , and I 'd get something quite different.There was n't any obvious pattern to this . When I called SHARP they had no idea what was going on . `` Maybe someone else is coming and changing the settings ? '' No . `` Maybe you 're setting the channel wrong ? '' No ... And so on . They said they 'd never heard of this problem before ; but then they did n't seem particularly enthusiastic to write down my complaint either so that it would get into their records . Finally . they suggested a factory reset -LRB- unplug the whole set for a couple of hours , then start it up as if new -RRB- . After I did this the problem disappeared , but several weeks later it has come back again . Meanwhile the original store wo n't take it back , and the 90 days labor warranty has expired.My general comment is that customer support is extremely poor in situations like this . The people staffing the switchboards are not well enough informed to explain what might be going on except in the simplest cases . As for `` authorised SHARP repair centers '' , the nearest ones are both twenty miles away ; when I called one of them for help they were unwilling to let me talk to a repair engineer before bringing the set in.The only real recourse is to take the item back to the vendor , as defective . This is where it * really helps * to buy your set from the store down the road , rather than a mail-order outlet on the other side of the country ! I wo n't be making that mistake again.Looking through the ... product reviews , it seems that a lot of people are having problems with TV/VCR combos , from all manufacturers . Has something changed ? My 1997 model worked fine for over five years . Perhaps the manufacturers do n't care any more ; it 's very sad .
 This was a great board for almost 2 years and then suddenly one day my monitor goes blank and my hard drive light comes on and stays on . So I reset it but its just blank - nothing . After a complete check up and tests , the motherboard was sort of dead and definately unusable.I know Asus makes great products and this is the FIRST TIME I have been let down by one of their items and I simply think the board just went bad . I would not buy this particular board again though .
 I bought the Vivitar 730AF for my Nikon N70 . I work as a photographer for a newspaper , and this flash seemed to be just what I needed , Speedlight auto-focus for low light situations , zoom head , and what I assumed to be partial dedication . However , I was a little disappointed with the performance once I got the flash.First , the camera is not dedicated in any way , which it should be for the price . When shooting photos for an assignment , I tried my new flash and was disappointed when my negatives came out underexposed due to the fact that the camera was not communicating with the flash at all.The zoom head of the flash does not spread the light evenly , causing occasional falloff around the edges and inconsistencies in low light situations . The speedlight worked well focusing the camera , but the other shortcomings do not make up for it.Don ' t get me wrong , I do not hate the flash , I just can not depend on it . If you are a serious photographer , I would suggest that you invest in a Nikon SB-28 . This is a decent flash , but it is rather pricey for the performance . Also , I would not suggest this flash for a beginner photographer since the operation is completely manual .
 To me , picture and audio quality are expected commodities on new standard televisions . It is only the remote that makes the difference . The Toshiba MD14FN1 remote is as difficult to operate as the Japanese language is to read .1 -RRB- TV functions are secondary and written in an indecipherable watery-orange ink . Difficult ! 2 -RRB- Essential TV functions are crammed together . A total of 27 buttons reside on an area less than 2 x 2 inches . The mute key is lost 4 down and 4 over , while an arcane `` input/select '' is directly under the large power button . Difficult ! 3 -RRB- The Numeric keypad is an after-thought , located 2 down under a quizzically prominent information key . Further , once you find the pad there is no raised # 5-key to center your fingers within the 1 x 1 allotted inches . Difficult ! 4 -RRB- AAA batteries ? This is the only product in my house that requires them . Difficult!If you ca n't use the remote why buy the product ?
 After 10 months of use the Television will not turn on . Poor reliability and in 90 days the warranty does n't cover labor charges . Buy another brand .
 The TV works fine -LRB- having read the other reviews I guess I should at least be grateful for that -RRB- but the DVD never worked . It plays music CDs just fine , but none of my Region 1 DVDs -LRB- and I have a considerable collection -RRB- works in this thing . I am very disappointed .
 I ordered this in Sept of 2003 and it totally died this morning , less than two years later ! No Good stay away . Wish I did .
 After 2 years , my tv broke down . One of the transistors makes a loud hiss . The TV and DVD does not even turn on.When it worked , the picture was not sharp . The images are also distorted . Lines on the football field looked bent .
 Less than a year after purchase the DVD eject mechanismbroke , making the DVD player unusable . Also , after 90 daysthe warranty does n't cover labor charges . Not recommended .
 Unit defective when it arrived . Zoom setting LEDs on back blinked but unit would not flash . I ended up buying a Canon 430ex instead .
 Before purchasing this Vivitar flash , you should know that , officially , it only supports the following Nikon cameras
 I 've been looking for a solid , reliable VCR to replace my 12-year-old Magnavox -LRB- which I loved -RRB- . Panasonic VCRs are known for their reliability , so my first purchase was a Panasonic PV-V4623S . The features and user interface were great , except that it made more noise during operation than a Boeing 747 and was annoyingly slow to respond to the remote controls . I returned it . I purchased the Sharp VC-H965U after reading the enthusiastic reviews on this site -LRB- thanks , guys -RRB- . Right out of the box it had a problem
 I selected this VCR because of all the great reviews it had . I was so very disappointed ! This is the most complicated VCR I have ever tried to install and program . I have never had any trouble hooking up any other VCR before and this one was an absolute nightmare . I still ca n't get it to work right so I will be sending it back . It is far too complicated for someone who just wants to tape a daily show .
 I bought this unit based on the 4-star and 5-star ratings found here , ignoring the one-stars about defects -LRB- not all new VCR 's have factory defects , but it 's getting a little worse every day -RRB- . The Sharp 's tuner is visibly noisy -- not too bad , but not as clean as several VCRs in this price range . Playing tapes , the picture is atrocious at both speeds
 I ordered this item a week ago . A week later I get an email that says the order was canceled . No explanation.If I had a way to rate this process , I 'd give it a negative 10 . If the vender is out of stock , the page should n't be up .
 Bought this VCR back in '04 when my '91 Sanyo , which I loved , died and I thought it would n't be worth fixing . Ended up repairing the Sanyo for $ 40 and it was still the better machine.Picture quality is OK with prerecorded tapes , but nothing to write home about . I 'm probably one of the few people still using over-the-air broadcasts picked up on an indoor antenna , so maybe my picture quality complaints are n't valid for someone with cable or satellite , but everything I record myself plays back looking like it was badly airbrushed . Tried turning `` Super Picture '' off , and while it was different , it was n't much of an improvement and may have been worse . My Sanyo does a much better job with the noisier input.Another annoying feature is the accelerated FF/REW . It 's almost impossible to get within 10 minutes of the spot you want on the tape and you always have to go into play-mode with its slower FF/REW to find your spot . My Sanyo , with a slower , but constant speed FF/REW almost always gets me where I want to go faster.When you can find a VCR combined with a DVD recorder and ATSC digital tuner for under $ 300 , why pay $ 300 for this relic ?
 Bought this due to positive feedback regarding playback ability . Made a mistake.Play back on this machine is extremely poor , have old JVC machines in garage and shop that use for play back and give excellent pictures with same tapes.Will send back and replace with JVC
 This machine is the worse ! It works when it feels like it , but when it does it does play pretty well . All-in-all I wish I had bought something else
 Luckily , COMCAST switched it out for free . Would never have worked with my current cable box . I ordered the silver remote but received the gray/pewter one .
 If you 're an existing Comcast customer , you 're stupid to pay for this . Comcast does not charge for remotes . Get one from a technician or a Comcast store .
 I received item in a timely manner . I tried to program the remote to my cable box , but it did n't work . Not sure why the coding did n't work , I used the codes off of comcast 's website . I 'll probably just throw the remote in the trash . Found my other remote , so not a big deal.Maybe only the remotes with the red `` ok/select '' buttons , not the ones with the grey button , work for my cable boxes . However I am not to sure about that ...
 This has got to be the worst remote control I 've ever owned . I 've gone throgh 5 in the last three years . I 've experienced everything from a single button quitting to the entire remote failing . Absolutely horrible quality .
 I LOVED this little CD player , but it broke after only 3 weeks . My CDs started to slip and skip as if there was a loose connection between the CD and player . After a few moments , the player would stop altogether . -LRB- It was a gift and could n't be returned . -RRB-
 This is a really nice cover , well made and thoughtfylly designed . It may fit the Sony PRS 500 but I do n't have one so I ca n't say . DO NOT BUY this case for the Sony PRS 505 . It fits nicely but covers essential controls . The case can not reasonably be modified to fit without interfering with the operation of the reader - the PRS 505 .
 This review is about my experience with the Sony Reader . I bought my reader last November and downloaded my first book . I loved the reader . It surpassed my expectations until I attempted to download the next two books . Both books resulted in an error message . I was charged for both books . I can go to the library and find my books , but when I click on them to try to read them , I get a message that says I am not authorized to read them on this computer . I sent an e-mail help message and was totld that I would receive a response in 24 hours . Three days later I still had not received a response so I called the help line . I explained the situation to the service rep and was told that he would call back later in the day . He never did . Over the course of the next 20 days I made a total of 10 calls and talked to a rep each time who told me they would call back later the same day . Not one ever called me back . Finally after having my reader about a month and not being able to download books to my computer I called Sony and made arrangements to return the reader . I included a letter explaining all of my attempts to get help from the Ft Myers , FL service center and I thought perhaps some would call me to talk to me about the situation . I purchased over $ 30 worth of books which will not download to my computer and I was not re-inbursed for them . It appears that Sony is intent on selling product but has no customer service back up . It is strange that the 1st book loaded with no problem and after that would not download . I still go to my account occassionally and try to re-download the books and it fails every time . I loved the reader and would have rated it 5 stars , but it was worth exactly nothing if I could not download books to it . Sony has made no attempt to re-imburse me for the two books which I purchased and was unable to download .
 This is not what you expect to be . This is not Stanton Quality , or what it used to be . It still useful and has clean good working basic effects . But the construction is the cheapest . More plastic than any other . China Toy .
 Nice style and appearance . Pretty god quality for price/package , good speakers . However some internal problems . You need to place it uphigh good clear view toward front edge of shelf - recieveer location on it for the remote signal is poor . I need a 2x2 inch block under front to elevate it to recieve remote signal . Programming it setting the time and radio stations/channels . Decent not greatest - but get used to doing this . It loses the time very frequently on me -LRB- and why unknown , no power outage nothing else in house needs reset -RRB- . When time lost , mixed as to if it also loses station memory - not alway sbut frequent .
 The cost to replace the board costs almost as much as the tv . I was goign to replace board myself until I called LG and they told me it was $ 337 . Thats crazy . I will NOT buy LG again .
 My wife and I bought one of these a few weeks back and it is by far the worst computer we have ever owned . Nothing works correctly . The quality of the TV signal varies wildly , e-mails are suddenly deleted for no apparent reason , the computer shut itself down if you tried to do more than one thing at once -LRB- ie , read email and listen to an MP3 -RRB- , the CD burner would claim CD-Rs were actually CD-ROMs and would refuse to write to it , it refuses to recognize devices plugged into USB ports and ... well believe me I could go on and on but I seem to be limited to 1000 words . I will say that the warranty from HP has proven to be absolutely worthless . Our efforts to get either a working computer or -LRB- preferably ! -RRB- our money back have proven to be useless . Our nearly $ 2,000 for this Hp system has bought us nothing but heartache , frustration and lost productivity . I urge you not to make the mistake we did . Do not buy this product .
 I have used this for only about 2 months for my business . It worked great until this last week . I 'm getting a delayed start time and much skipping . I am no longer able to use it for my business because of it 's inconsisitency.I did n't receive any warranty or trouble-shooting information with the product , only basic operational instructions . So , now I 'm in the process of tracking this information.Hopefully , this can be resolved satisfactorily -LRB- and quickly -RRB- ! If so , I 'll certainly upgrade the rating !
 We operate two dance studios , our Cd players are used every day . Just play , some fast forward/return when the girls practice a certain move.I own -LRB- ed -RRB- a total of four of them , and considering that we use one at each studio , that means each current unit is a replacement . I added the replacement plan after the 2nd failure , which paid for itself for number 3 . Number 3 is failing now again , too . Yes , I could get it replaced again , but since that means that I have a dance studio for one day at least w/o a CD player , I am switching brands now.The play button stops being responsive , its not stuck , but the intructor have to hardpress it several times to get it to play , and after a while -LRB- based on 2 previous failures -RRB- , even that wo n't trigger a response anymore.Can ' t say anything about cue or any other features , as we do n't use them . I thought a DJ system is built for heavy use , well , this one is n't .
 I was excited to unpack this beast . I especially liked the blue illumination , but when I wanted to demonstrate to my kids what you can do with this mechanic marvel , I was disappointed that the needle was missing !!! The whole reason I bought this , was that I have an old one with a broken needle . So I spent 280 bucks , for a new needle and what did I get ? Another turntable without a needle -LRB- or cartridge -RRB- Bummer !!!!
 compatibles dont work in a photo 960At least not for photos . The colors come out all wrong.If you 're just printing black I think theyre fine but stay away if you want photo printing capability
 Okay system for the price . But Does not play VCD as they stated on their online manual . A little false advertisment . I rated this only 1 star because of their customer service department . They are no help at all . I will never buy any of their items anymore . I have recently filed a report with the BBB -LRB- better Business Bureau -RRB- , this case is still pending . I hope I can run them out of business . So my recommendation to everyone is do not buy this system or any products form Apex digital .
 The dvd surround sound works great , but using it as a receiver does not work at all for me . When I hook up the vcr or any other device like a playstation the surround sound does not work . I only plays through the front left and right channels . I 'm going to return it .
 If you 're looking at this item , chances are you 've got a cabinet-full of VHS movies , and you 've decided to jump to DVDs . So with this you can enjoy your VHS movies in surround sound , and start collecting DVDs , right ? NOT WITH THIS SYSTEM!Turns out that , although you can hook up a high-fi VCR to this system , it does not have the ability to decode the surround-sound encoding on the tapes -LRB- Dolby Pro Logic , dts -RRB- and play it through all six speakers . ... I ended up sending this back and buying a component system which allows me to enjoy surround sound on all my media . -LRB- I also ended up spending -LSB- $ $ $ -RSB- , too , which was more than I wanted ! -RRB- This system is compact , simple , elegant , and it sounds pretty good . It just did n't do what I expected it to do . Because detailed specs on this system seem to be really hard to come by , I thought this comment might help those of you who were as confused as me!Good luck !
 The Apex HT 100-W **** !! It is ok if all you want to do is play dvd cd mp3 or the like . However , if you are looking for a system that will give you surround sound from a vcr -LRB- says it does , it DON `` T , even bought a hi fi stereo one -RRB- , satelitte , off air or cable it will NOT.Like everything Apex makes its high tech with hard to follow insturcts . Plus , info on it does n't really tell you much.I got an Apex 43 inch tv which I am thrilled with . One would think Apex would have made a surround sound system equal to that of their tv 's . I am going to let a friend of mine who is into dvd and cd have this -- that is all that it is good for . This has cost me money and it will you as well if you think you 're getting a system that will give you surround sound from outside sources.I am very much disappointed , flustrated and drained with fooling around with this system . -LRB- I emaied Apex about their lousy system as well . -RRB- If you want a system to give you surround sound find one that has dolby 5.1 , dts and dolby pro logic II -LRB- not just pro logic -RRB- that is a receiver that can properly decode from satellite -LRB- as in my case -RRB- , cable or vcr.Apex is capable of making a great surround sound system ... too bad they did n't !!
 I own 2 other Apex DVD players . They are great . This Home Theater System is n't . The remote enters the number 4 repeatedly when it 's just sitting on the table . It has gone through 4 sets of batteries in 2 months . The main unit does n't recognize commands from it 3/4 of the time . It wo n't play SVCD discs as it 's manual says it will . Overall , I 'd say it 's a piece of garbage . I do n't know what happened to the good quality for a low price Apex used to deliver , but this sure is n't it !
 This was the first surround sound system that I have bought . I was horrified when i got it set up and realized that the surround sound only worked for the DVD player . It sounds great for DVD 's but everything else comes out of two front speakers . ... APEX has made a big mistake with this product and they sure had me fooled and I quickly returned it ... Do n't make the same mistake that I did .
 Apex Digital products often fail within the first year . They have horrible customer service , false advertising , and fail to honor their warranties . Please check www.labbb.gov -LRB- Better Business Bureau -RRB- and search for Apex Digital to see the F rating the better business bureau has given them . Saving 10-15 dollars is not worth the hassle they cause .
 We bought the HT-100W last Thanksgiving . This was our first experience with home theater . The price was great and we were very happy with its performance , for the most part . It could have been louder , but that was usually not a problem . Unfortunately , it died about 10 months after we bought it . I am thinking that in the future , I will keep away from integrated DVD players .
 My roommate and I bought this item and found out that it does n't support VCD . How can a home theater product in the year 2003 not support the most popular form of video entertainment . This is just garbage .
 Bought this unit from another store . The DVD works fine , the TV works fine half the time the other half the contrast goes very dark , switching back and fourth every three or four seconds . It was returned , now awaiting repair/replacement .
 I have to agree with many of the other reviews I have seen . I would give the product -LRB- and company -RRB- zero stars if that was an option.The TV picture is OK , but the DVD player is almost useless . mine will not even identify that a disc is in it now . I did know that my unit was out of warranty when it brokedown . But I had emailed the company for some troubleshooting suggestions on how to overcome the difficulties with the DVD . They would not even reply to the email.So I will quickly be replacing this TV/DVD with a brand that works and will never buy an Apex product again .
 I bought this unit because of the price , and learned a lesson ... It 's worth paying a little extra to buy a reputable brand.I lost the remote , so I went out and bought a universal remote . Bad move ... universal remotes which work with `` almost every brand '' do not work with this one . So I called Apex , and after paying three times what I would have spent on a universal ... . which also does n't work!I called their technical support line and was told that they are now aware that their new remote does not work and that their techs are working on the issue and I should `` call them back '' in a week or two . -LRB- And , no , there 's nothing they can do in the meantime ... -RRB- Since the TV/DVD itself has no `` enter '' button and no fast-forward or rewind , it 's practically useless until/unless they figure out how to get a remote to work with it.Next time I 'll buy from an established , reputable manufacturer .
 There is a risk that the TV will arrived damaged or not working to your satisfaction.Be aware this 100 + lb TV is freight shipped , meaning that if anything is wrong with the unit , you are stuck with it . Amazon will not take back even if the TV or DVD unit is defective . In my case , the dvd tray on the unit arrived broken.So even though this item is priced great , how much is your time worth?I made a game of trying to get through to Apex , the manufacturer , on their Customer Service number . So far , mainly busy signals , or if you are lucky enough to get through , get ready for a hold time in HOURS . Thus far , the situation is still unresolved . Amazon will not help in the resolution , leaving me to deal with the Apex . I have already paid a great additional cost in my time dealing with this mess.Sorry , but unless you are willing to accept it at a great deal no matter the `` hassle factor '' , I say stick to items that you can return if something ends up being wrong .
 I would never puchase another item from this company.I purchasd this item back in October and now the dvd part of thie television is not functioning.The company Apex is not honoring their service agreement . The service center thay gave me the number to no longer sevices their products and they have to tried to resolve this matter.I would never have purchased this item if I would have known that
 This is great when used for TV , but the DVD player is pathetic . I constantly have to deal with image scrambling and voice/picture off-sync . I also have the problem of vibrating tray - which is enough to drive anyone nuts ! DVD mode loses your place if you accidently switch to TV mode , which happens more than you might think . Having to open the remote to start a movie pretty lame , there should be a more accessible ` enter ' button . Warrantee is lousy . Would love to return due to manuf . defects , but can not ! Very dissappointed .
 the picture quality of this player was average to above average.a little bit grainy , but good enough to watch a movie on.the sound , on the other hand , is something that i was not impressed with at all.now , i dont know if it was just this specific player or if all apex players are like this , but this one had terrible crackling when the volume was turned up just a little passed the halfway mark , and when the movie i was watching had some kind of explosion , i thought the left speaker was going to blow!another problem i experienced with this player was the playing of a music cd , i could not hear 1 entire song without a constant skip.over all , i would say that the price is good for this player , but the quality is not what it should be.i returned the player .
 This player is a great size and has a great picture , but gets hot through about 3/4 's of every dvd I played in it . Also it wo n't play VCD 's no matter what is says in description . I own every kind of vcd and scvcd and it would not play them . It also had a hard time with my cdr 's and cdrw 's . If you want an cheap dvd player for travel this one is ok , but otherwise there are better ones out there on the market !
 Back in 1999 , a friend of mine bought an Apex DVD player -LRB- not a portable -RRB- . It offered a terrible picture , so he took it back and - on my recommendation - got a Panasonic , which has made him happy for the last three years.Since I could buy the PD-100 for such a great price , I decided to give Apex another shot . After all , three years is a long time , so they may have improved . Nope . Initially , the player worked fine . The picture seemed somewhat fuzzy , but it played back accurately . However , after I tested two DVDs , the third showed a VERY distorted image . It looked like a camera negative ! I shut off the player and tried again - same thing . I let it `` rest '' for a few hours and tried again - same thing.The piece of junk broke after literally 10 minutes of use ! It 's going back to Amazon and I 'll buy a Panasonic instead - I learned my lesson ...
 I bought the PD 100 new and without any prior knowledge of its quality history while on a road trip out of state . It came packaged from the factory in a blister pack with normal retail markings , but no box or protective coverings ; much like how portable CD players are packaged . ... It worked great for the remainder of my trip and my wife and I enjoyed viewing DVD 's in our automobile , and even inside hotel rooms . The picture quality was ok , not great , but acceptable . Unfortunately the sound from the speakers is inadequate and we immediately had to buy external powered speakers to hear it comfortably . Another problem soon emerged -- the silver finish would easily rub off with normal use of the controls , leaving scratch-like marks , -- not a huge problem , but still annoying . The battery never lasted more than about 60 minutes so I resorted to using the car cord or AC power pack . After returning home the machine was hardly used and was not abused or dropped . A couple of months later the picture began to periodically freeze up then resume spontaneously . Later the freezing-up worsened , often locking up and the machine had to be turned off/on to reset itself , which made watching a movie less fun . Finally the freezing up got so bad that is was n't worth the bother of trying to watch a DVD -LRB- no improvement with switching DVDs -RRB- . Presently the unit will no longer play any DVD and the `` no disc '' error appears . At this point the lens was visually inspected and appeared clean ; no scratches or debris . The national electronics store no longer carries this unit so it ca n't be exchanged , but I am told I will receive store credit only because I purchased the extended warranty . My experience may have been an irregularity , but I would not recommend this model unless you are assured a no-hassle refund policy . If your budget allows it , I would recommend spending extra to buy a more popular brand with a good reputation for quality .
 I just want to warn you about this companies equipment . They do n't stand behind it at all . So far I have owned 2 of their prodects and neither one has lasted 1 year . Unfortunately , their warentee is for 90 days . This Portable DVD players battery never worked -LRB- I brought 3 of them back before I got one that worked and that one stopped working after 40 days ... and the batteries only warenteed for 30 days -RRB- . This company does not stand behind their products and their customer service ... well I guess they call it that ... is useless . Trust me ... do n't buy anything from them . Save your money !!!
 I ordered this DVD because it says it covers things I did not cover in class for Dreamweaver . But this is not for the popular program Adobe Dreamweaver CS6 or Dreamweaver creative suites . This is for some program I have never heard of also called Dreamweaver made by Macromedia it is not the same as adobe dreamweaver . I have never seen anyone use this program . It is not for the popular program made by adobe . SO beware . this is not for ADOBE DREAMWEAVER .
 Day 1 -LRB- Jan 8th -RRB- - Not sure if this will be a positive experience or not . The set ran fine for about 3 hours , great picture , easy to set up , then ` pop ' , nothing . Luckily there is a service center in town , so I will get a chance to see how good or bad service is . Will post an update and change rating accordingly.Day 2 - Contacted APEX tech support first thing in the morning , they said they would fax in a service request , as of 5:30 pm the local TV shop has recieved nothing.Day 3 - Contacted Apex tech support again . They actually called back in the afternoon saying they would be faxing the order within the hour . 4 hours later and still nothing . At this point buyer beware ... Month 3 and a half -LRB- April 16 -RRB- - Still sitting at service center , APEX is a joke .
 THE TV IS A DEFECTIVE ONE AND IS BEING SOLD TO CUSTOMERS WHICH I HAPPEN TO BE ONE OF THE UNFURTUNATE ONES I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO SEE THE TV WORKING FOR ATLEAST GOOD 30 MINS WITHOUT ANY INTERUPTIONS ON IT.SO FELLOW CUSTOMERS BECAREFULL BEFORE BUYING THE TV .
 Tv is ok getting at Customer Support is a joke . . I called themE-mail them . I bought a new tv when it came it had no remoteor book on it was told to call them lines all busy , and whenyou do get there no help thay say ok and they call you backor e-mail you , but they never do I will never buy Apex again !!
 Things you find out once you ca n't make something work and then read the manual ... 1 . There is no native 720p . It downscans it to 480p .2 . The PIP , auto-off on no-signal , and double-display and still-screen functions only operate on tuner input and Svideo . If you use the progressive inputs NONE of those functions will work .3 . The TV powers on in tuner mode -LRB- not in `` last source used '' mode -RRB- . It takes 8.5 seconds -LRB- timed by my Pronto -RRB- from hitting the power button before you can switch it to any alternate input source -LRB- Svid , RCA , Component ... -RRB- 4 . The sound output -LRB- monitor outs -RRB- do NOT work when the component video inputs are selected . In other words , if you use Svid to feed the sources , you can use the TV to feed audio as one source to your audio system . If you use Component , you have to individually feed the audio directly into your audio system and separately switch them.Mine was ordered 3/22 , given to shipper 3/23 , delivered4/7 -LRB- yes , it took over two weeks -RRB- , and the shipper triedto do a curbside delivery untilI `` explained '' that they could either do the white glovedelivery that was called for and paid for , or they couldtake it back.It 's a good interim until plasma HDs come down in price , but if you 're looking for a long term HDtv , you may wantto wait for true 720p , 1080p , monitor-out on all sources , powerup with previous source selected , multiple savedconvergence settings -LRB- standing , sitting , couch-right , couch-left , etc. -RRB- E
 This is not a Bridge-Mono cable as the add might lead you to believe . It is a regular mono cable , as opposed to a stereo cable .
 This is a terriable camara - do not buy.When i first started to play with this camara i popped in a 1GB SD card and recorded on to it . I thought cool feature.When it came time to record some family moments i popped in DVD-R and started to shot away . Things were going ok intill the power lvl started to go down , and i did what anyone else would do - plug it in.Apparently when you plug the power in to the camara when it is turned on - it restarts it . Which from reading other users posts - totally hoses the current DVD.Right now i ca n't get the thing to even open to get the disc out let alone read it . It just says no disc . This is only after an hour of use . Its Christmas weekend , and wo n't be able to get awhold of Samsung till tuesday.The downside is I ca n't get back to the store to return it.Like other users have said - i 'm going to stick with DV tapes .
 Although some of the reviews are positive , please do not take a chance with this model . I purchased it in April , and have had only one disc -LRB- the first one -RRB- be able to finalize . After a few calls to tech support , I have been given no explanation , but was told the following each timeI called when it would not finalize a disc
 This is the first product I have ever purchased from Samsung and have been dissatisfied with . It is a very expensive piece of -LSB- ... -RSB- The videos are fuzzy at best , there is absolutely no taking videos in dimly lit areas and the digital camera photos come out looking like black and white photos.You must change the settings from inside and outside constantly and the color is mediocre at best.I also had disc errors . Anything recorded prior to the disc error you lose . Can be quite frustrating especially if your recording a special event.I would actually give this product ZERO stars but that is n't an option.It is worth returning to best buy and losing the 15 % restocking fee . Spend an extra $ 200 and buy something a little more than the low end DVD camcorder .
 1 disk recorded fine , second disk could not finalize , and recorder would freeze up . Had to remove battery to restore . Third recording attempt -LRB- 3rd disk -RRB- I continued to get disk errors , and had to wait minutes for recovery . No I was n't jumping up and down , I was highly stationary.Software / Hardware does n't allow for easy recorded data transfer to hard drive -LRB- USB -RRB- . Data capture of recorded data crashed about 70 % through every attempt -LRB- USB -RRB- . Gave up an copied from mini DV through DVD burner.Tried to return for exchange or money back , but Best Buy would not accommodate the request - 3 days after the return policy . I feel like I have a expensive peice of junk - Samsung will only service it . I really do n't want this product , and would n't recommed it - obviously based on experience .
 I bought the SC-DC164 camcorder in Nov 2006 . I 've spent several hours using/investigating it , after thoroughly reading the user manual . Here 's my take on this camcorder
 all i have to say :1 . My daughter junior high school graduation ------- Gone .2 . memorial day bbq with my family ---------- Gone .3 . a day at universal --------- Gone .4 . another three days of usage not gone , but i ca n't finalize.I finally return to samsung repairs dept. They are going to send me a new camera once they get around to it . It has been three weeks since samsung approved a replacement.stick with tape . then pass it unto dvd later.a little more work but you will not lose new memories of your family.this camera s@%&s; .
 I bought this television and it broke in less than 90 days . The manufacturer has not been very helpful in sending someone out to repair it as stated in the warranty . After two weeks , I 'm still waiting and have little confidence that this will be resolved soon.When the television worked properly , it had a nice picture and good sound but that does n't mean much now that I ca n't even watch it.Do your homework - check the reputation of the manufacturer before you make your buying decision . Unfortunately , I did n't check until it was too late . This company has an unsatisfactory rating with the BBB for the very reasons that I 've indicated .
 This was by far the worst TV that I have ever purchased . The TV messed up within 2 weeks and Apex would not honor their warranty . I would never deal with this company again and advise anybody out there to not deal with this company .
 I purchased this TV about 6 months ago , and did not have a HDTV signal coming to it until just recently.For everyday use without HDTV , this TV does fine . The picture is basically of projection TV quality . ESPN and most Network channels are clear , but still not perfect . You will need to make lots of picture adjustments to get everything looking good.With DVD the picture is pretty good . The only problem I found is that nightime or dark scenes on a DVD are very dark on the screen , and you almost ca n't see anything . Turning up the brightness adjustment helps , but that makes your daytime or bright scenes too bright.When I got HDTV hooked up , I became truly disappointed in this TV . The input of HDTV goes in the YPbPr1 input on the back of the TV . This makes it so that everytime you turn on the TV you need to change the input on the TV 's remote manually to get to the YPbPr1 input . This TV does not remember this setting you changed , so everytime you turn off the TV , it resets to the standard input setting . Normal cable has no issue with this.The HDTV picture on this is really nice . No complaints with the quality . However , the HDTV signal determines the picture format you see , and everything is in widescreen format . So , 43 '' does you no good as nothing in HDTV is fullscreen.Spend a little more and get a widescreen TV if you want HDTV . I have a Mitsubishi 55 '' widescreen HDTV also , and that shows fullscreen and does n't have any of the problems this Apex does .
 I 'm normally not one to take the time out of my day to write a review for something but I feel that if my bad experience here might save just one person from blowing their money the time is well spent . Everything that everyone else has said about this being a piece of junk is true . I was fortunate enough to get less than three months out of it before the screen turned into an hour glass shape and the colors got screwed up . I called one of the `` service centers '' nearby and they said they were no longer dealing with APEX because they would not honor his service bills and parts took forever to come in if they did at all . I 've talked to Apex numerous times when I finally get through to them and they also lie to me and will constantly try their hardest to hang up on me . I 'm about two seconds from working to turn them into the BBB . There has to be some kind of consumer protection we can use .
 bought HDTV did n't work , took a month to fix!Hours of frustration on phone with customer service . They lie , do not do what they promise.Three months later having a similar problem it 's over three weeks no resolution.Will never spend another penny on apex.When these people are all out of a job maybe they will wise up .
 I learned my lesson . I will never buy anything from apex again . I bought a 43in . Apex projection tv the second day the tv went to a double vision . I called the apex company , and they told me they were gon na find a technician . There 's no techician in this area for apex tvs . They 're suppose to send me a new tv in two weeks and i have n't recieved andthing yet it been four weeks now and no tv my next step is to go to 7 on your side and see if they can get anything accomplished.I received my tv on 9-2-2003 . It wont let you rate the tv i rate it a 0 i had to put in 1
 i dont know about anyone else who has this thing , but stay away from it . i got one not too long ago , and i was really impressed by the sound quality . i will admit , it sounds really good . the only problem with this thing is that it only sounds good for about a month . after that , it doesnt sound at all . when i put a cd into any of the 5 drives , it just makes some strange whirring noises for about a minute and then tells me that theres no cd . once in a blue moon , it 'll acutally read the cd , and then you get to sit and pray that it actually plays the read cd . if you want a good sounding stereo , get this one . if you want a good sounding stereo that you can actually use for more than a month , look for something else .
 Piece of crap , an it took six months to get returned for a refund . I would n't do business with these folks again .
 I am giving this item one star because it was not obvious to me from reading the Amazon description that you had to have a laminating machine from this company to be able to use the product . I thought that this was a self-laminating product . It is n't worth the effort and cost of shipping to send it back , so I am stuck with a bunch of tags that I will not use.NOTE
 The Sabrent SC-PVS4 4-Channel CCTV DVR Surveillance System Video Security PCI Capture Card is a good idea.It has 4 independently processors to decode your video . It ran 4 cameras at 640-480 with no drag . The trouble is the motion detection does not work , I have tried different drivers for the card and a different program -LRB- webcam -RRB- and the motion detection just will not work . I ca n't find any help on the net for tech support .
 Sabrent is not the maker and do not know how it works.I Email to them ask when recorded hard disk hit full condition what happend and when camare loast video it show a dialog box do I need clcik that dialog box to make it continue or it can continue with human click on the message box . They Email back said they do not know how it works and not give the maker name .
 Great camera when I first got it , I felt like I had got something really good - so I should have , it cost me a whole load of cash.Just after the warranty had expired , I find out the hard way that the whole line of Canon camcorders have a serious problem with the tape transport system causing the warning message `` REMOVE THE CASSETTE '' appearing in big red letters on the LCD . Camera will not function until expensive repairs have been carried out . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 My GL-2 just came back from Canon 's repair shop last month - another $ 400 to replace the cassette drive . I paid $ 1900 for my GL-2 three years ago , and the most recent fix brings my grand total for repairs to $ 1600 ! Pros
 I own the GL2 . A pixel has blown . I called an authorized Canon repair service and they told me not to bother installing a new CCD chip as that one will fail as well . And that lesson would cost me $ -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- US -RRB- . I had n't had the GL2 long enough for the Tape Cassette failure the GLS is famous for to kick in yet.It is called `` Planned Obsolescence '' and is now designed to kick in after the warranty expires.I ca n't recommend any Canon products . My EOS 20D camera 's flash unit has never popped up . I did n't use the flash until after the warranty was up . I know I was negligent for trusting Canon 's reliability but know I know better.And the Canon 50mm lens I bought new has a defect like a scratch or speck inside the lens . Also discovered too late.Read the complaints about Canon.http : / / www.consumeraffairs.com/cameras/canon.htmlhttp://www.eventx.com.au/avc.htmhttp://www.dvinfo.net/conf/canon-gl2-gl1-son-watchdog/32267-gl2-dead-pixel-again.htmlNever again for me .
 I think is the best camera in the world and for a good price . Please try it and then will talk about it .
 Great camera . Fantastic quality picture , analong/digital converter throughput is great , small and lightweight . I did get the REMOVE THE CASSETTE message sometimes -LRB- it seemed most common when the battery got low -RRB- and that was always scary . I never had to send it in for repairs , though.This week I got ahold of a Sony PD-150 , which I was pretty impressed with . The battery life of the PD-150 was incredibly longer than that of the Canon -LRB- even using the extended-life aftermarket batteries for the GL2 -RRB- . It felt strong , was only a bit bigger , and does DVCAM . I suggest you look into the PD-150 / 170 line.This camera is nice . It will do great work . However , I 've heard too many horror stories about pried open transport doors to recommend buying it -- unless you 're pretty lucky .
 After just one and a half years of use representing around 200 hours of filming the manual zoom function acquired a mind of its own . There is no true manual zoom on this cam so if the internal logic that interfaces the zoom buttons both top and side goes whacky you lose control of zoom . This camera also has a real and serious focus lag problem if you do any sports/action shooting.Optics and image quality are tops in its class but what difference does that make if you ca n't control the friggin zoom !
 I had a GL2 for about one and half years , shot about 20 hours of tapes . In addition to some playback and transfer usage , it has been used no more than 60-70 hours total . I had been very happy with the video and audio quality . Then the infamous `` Remove Cassette '' error hit me
 I bought this over the Sony and I regret it . I get a tape eject error every time I try to rewind . I can only rewind at 10 second intervals before I get an error message to eject the tape and do the same thing over again . That 's a long time to rewind a 60 minute tape . Many Canon users are having this problem and the only way they address the problem which is clearly a mechanical problem is to charge a ridiculous price to send it off to be repaired . Canon needs to own up to this problem and have a recall on the item . I will never buy Canon again after they have turned a blind eye to a serious problem .
 I 've used this camera for 6 years . Last year I started getting intermittant `` Remove the Cassette '' messages . I wish I had captured the outstanding three recorded tapes onto my PC then . Instead I recorded another 45 minutes . Now , the error message is solid , no matter which tape I use.My experience with Canon in the past has taught me not to waste the time or the money to bother having this repaired . -LRB- I spent about $ 700 having my previous Canon Camcorder repaired . It worked a few weeks and died again each time . -RRB- Having gone to the web to research this bug , I 'm convinced fixing this one will be an expensive and time consuming exercise in futility . -LRB- 6 weeks plus turn around ! and Canon wo n't tell how much the average repair cost is . Check the web . . $ 500 + -RRB- Lesson learned . I 'll be shopping a different manufacturer . Sony ? JVC ? Never again Canon .
 My primary camera is a Sony HDR-FX1 . I bought the GL-2 as a second unit for multiple camera angles at sporting events.The GL-2 is a respectable camera but in my opinion the video image does n't even come close to the Sony.The price and rebate offer was the greatest incentive in my purchase of this camera.However , beware of the rebate offer.I sent all the documents in strict compliance with the terms of the rebate only to have it rejected.The rebate facilitator claimed I did not include the UPC code.If I had it to do over , I would dig deeper into my wallet and buy a second Sony .
 There are few flaws with this camcorder . Power save function automatically shuts off the camcorder ever when you are in recording mode . This does not happen always but once in a while you get this . Please read reviews from various sites before buying this expensive one .
 If you are looking into buy this camera ... DO N'T . get the Sony HDR-A1U High-Def camera it 's 20x times better , newer , same price and High-Def . if you buy the GL2 you will get the `` remove the cassette '' warning after about a year of use !!!!!
 I have had my Canon GL2 for several years . It worked fine for the first 2 years or so , then I got the dreaded `` Remove the Tape '' error . After looking online , I saw that a lot of others had the same problem , and that the only solution was to send it in for replacement of the tape drive mechanism -- to the tune of $ 250 . I bit the bullet , sent it in , and it came back fixed -- for a while . Now it 's about a year after the fix , but I only used the camera a few times , and the problem has returned.The camera is easy to use , and shoots good video , but if I had to do it over again , I would go with another manufacturer . For -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks , thething ought to work . My experience with this camera , and previous digital still cameras is that Canon quality/longevity leaves a lot to be desired.My old -LRB- 10 yrs -RRB- Sony digital 8 camera is still going strong . I will look at Sony and Panasonic to replace my Canon , and never go back .
 I own 2 Canon GL2 's . The picture is really great when the camera is new . I use a VCR to import video for editing . After about 20 hours of use I can no longer use the vcr . I must use the camera to import video . I have had both cameras fixed twice for $ 240 dollars each time . After 5 months one went bad again . I went back to Canon and they have now raised the price to $ 400 for the same repair.They claim parts are hard to get . This is a current model ! I have sworn off Sony , now it 's Canon 's turn . By the way the problem is caused by the same issue as the eject message , The tape transport .
 This camera is SPECTACULAR !!!! For about a year or two.Then the system tape rejection errors start -LRB- do your research -RRB- . Once this happens it 's to the canon repair shop you must go where they are currently charging $ 516 for the parts plus $ 400 for the labor plus taxes and shipping etc. . I am now throwing my GL2 in the trash and saving up to buy a new one . Canon 's repair costs are outrageous - especially when this problem has been complained about for YEARS . A Canon rep even told me to never use the camera to play or offload videos -LRB- why advertise it as a feature if its such a bad idea ? -RRB- . He advised that you should buy a cheaper video camera to do those types of tasks . Good advise ... . but even if you do ... remember to add that cost to the purchase price of the GL2 - Disgruntled .
 I bought a GL2 because I had used the GL1 and I liked it . The GL2 was just past the warranty and I kept getting the error message on the screen that said `` Remove The Cassette '' I paid almost $ 250.00 for the repair facility to replace the tape transport system which they said was bent . No camera in the world gets better treatment than this one believe me , $ 2,200 is a lot of money to me . Now the camera is doing the same thing again after less than 6 hours of use . I would strongly suggest doing some searches to see just how many people are having this problem . Mine is anything but an isolated incident . Go to google or dogpile and do a search under gl2 remove the cassette or go to camcorderinfo.com and read the many complaints about this problem in the Canon forum area .
 The camera has a design flaw and Canon wo n't admit it . In about a yearyou wo n't be able to rewind the cassette . It 'll cost about $ 450 to geta new mechanism which will last about another year . I had to buy abattery operated cassette winder and carry it wherever I want to use the camera.The images are great ! so if you do n't mind using a pencil erasor or buying aspecial rewinder so you can look at what you recorded ; GO FOR IT !
 In a two-year span I have done three important projects that went to DVD and maybe five family home videos . I 'm getting pretty good at using manual settings to get rich colors and high quality shots . But lately , as I watch the video from the last two projects I am noticing a couple of dead pixels , tiny white spots that are always there . They are especially noticeable when you zoom in on someone 's face . So on the next project I borrowed a GL2 from my friend to avoid having this flaw in my shots , but his camera is about the same age and it also has this problem . I called Canon to see what it might be , and it turns out that it is something wrong with the CCD and prism system . The Part is $ 500.00 and the labor starts at $ 400.00 . In other words , its is not worth fixing . So I consider the GL2 a throw away piece of junk after about a year and a half .
 Why is this camera still on the market ?? It is n't even HD . And it 's tape format.The price should be around $ 700 . Do n't get me wrong , this was a great camera 10 years ago ... I 've shot documentaries and music videos with it ... But when I saw it here on amazon I had to express my disdain ! lol
 I bought GL-2 camera for my business . I had it less than a month before I started having problems with it . The camera would not rewind or fast forward . Also the image has a mosaic half the time I tried to replay the tape.I kept calling Canon repair service . I always had to wait on hold for a minimum of 20 minutes . -LRB- No toll free call to the repair center -RRB- I had used a small Digital Sony camera for the past 3 years . NEVER had a problem with it.Canon would not replace my camera . They would n't send me a loaner . etc.My camera has been in the shop somewhere in New Jersey for over two weeks . It 's June , and weddings are abundant , I 've had to resort back to my ole Sony cameras.I am very disappointed with Canon and will never buy another Canon again .
 Within the first 30 days GL2 began eating my tapes . I promptly returned camera to Amazon within the first 30 days . 30 days after receipt of the product by Matt Greene at Amazon , still no refund . After 3 calls to their customer service , taken by people in the Philipines , still no refund . Will NEVER buy Canon or from Amazon again . Amazon , get your act together , this is not the economy to be messing with people 's money . Plus , you might reconsider using people in a foreign company who have no concern for YOUR customers . They promised to call back twice , never did either time .
 I purchased this cartridge having purchased several reconditioned printer cartridges in the past . They have always worked quite well and easily given the number of pages promised or more . This cartridge arrived leaky . I decided it would probably be okay and installed it . After about a month , the print quality started to deteriorate . I removed it , shook it gently as recommended , all to no avail . Unfortunately it was too late to return so I lost my $ 100 . I will not order from Dataproducts again .
 It does not sound good and if you move it the music fuzzes . But if you want a cheap headphone splitter this is the one to get it was good for the price
 This product does it 's job at a significant cost of quality . The sound is extremely soft when split between two headphones . I would go for a higher quality one if I were to buy a splitter again .
 I am extremely upset with this purchase . Both of the female receivers were rusted so badly you could n't even plug them in . I am amazed that a company would sell a broken product , especially one covered in rust . Everyone , do your self a favor and order from a different company .
 This item came on a timely fashion , but broke the covering around the cable broke within a day . I was able to fix it , but disappointed that it broke so quickly .
 Be careful with this item . It splits the left and right channels instead of providing stereo through on both inputs . Fortunately I can find another use for it , but I imagine most people wo n't . If you 're looking to bounce a signal out to two sets of headphones or another stereo application , look for something that is specifically described as a stereo splitter .
 Just received this splitter for a trip I am about to take , but upon testing of this splitter I 'm very disappointed . This splitter does not give ` stereo ' audio to both headsets , it gives left channel to one and right channel to the other , each with one ear only . Unless you somehow need this , stay away get a different one .
 Product does n't fit the iPod headphones that came with the iPod . As for ease of use and sound quality - I ca n't tell - I could n't plug them in . I should 've known that ` You get what you pay for ' has never been truer . Cost me more to return than to just toss it in the trash -LRB- which I did -RRB- . Oh well - I can only hope someone else will read this and learn from my mistake .
 The ipod touch has a jack that accomodates a microphone . This splitter does not work with that jack . If you plug it all the way in , you only hear out of one side , and that 's muted . To make it work , you plug it only part way in , and it falls out easily .
 It does what it 's supposed to ... but it 's very cheaply made . Wire 's are THIN ! Would not use this if you will be plugging and unplugging a lot . If you use it backwards for two sound inputs , the volume will be lower if you have both plugged in , unplug one and the sound volume should go up .
 I did not think the wires or construction were too thin or inappropriate . However , overall rating only 2 stars because it is not a stereo plug ! Maybe mine was defective , but this splitter mixed the right and left audio signals . Not what I expect for a splitter advertised to use with an iPod , in my opinion .
 You can only hear mono audio from one earbud when using this do n't get it . I tried it on my iPod touch I swear
 I purchased this splitter because it was so inexpensive , but this is truly a case of `` you get what you pay for '' . The sound quality is so awful it is unusable . I will spend a little more money next time around to get something that actually works .
 Does not fit regular ear phone jacks !!! Does not snap in - remains very loose . No sound . Waste of my money .
 I do n't even know if I got what I paid for with this item . It 's hit or miss whether it works or not , and it is very difficult to unplug your headphones from it after using it .
 My expectations were low for $ 4.00 but I was shocked to see how terrible this item really was , I have tried it on several devices with several sets of headphones and the sound quality is absolutely terrible . The sounds is barely audible at any level and when you can hear it the signal is poor , stay away .
 The only cartridge problems I had in my life . Something is wrong . It is cheap but maybe not worth it.Volkan AkkurtTRY THIS ONE : Canon PG-210XL Cartridge -LRB- Black -RRB- in Retail Packaging
 This is my third digital camera ... . Since there is virtually no user review on the web , I intended to find out for myself . I played with it for a week and had to return it ... The bottom line : Great features and very affordable . Brilliant outdoor pictures . Dull , dark indoor/night pictures with flash -LRB- auto mode -RRB- . Bare-bone software bundle . A battery drain.Here is my personal experience : Straight out of the box , I noticed the body of the camera is unlike some square-box cameras . The contour design let you get a good grip and make one-hand operation easy . Just want to be fair ; square-box design produces a more compact camera , so this is a trade-off . The CGS LCD monitor is bright and crisp , revealing a lot of details -LRB- maybe too much -RRB- . Since I got it at night , I started shooting around my house in auto mode . The pictures looked nice enough from the LCD . Then it 's time to upload the picture.I loaded up the CD and the installation was typical . The package includes an AC adaptor . Very nice , I thought . Hooked up the AC and USB cable and pressed the one-touch upload button at the back of the camera . Once I played with the software , I was shocked to find out that the software is the least useful of all digital cameras that I had ever seen . There was the USB driver and upload program , and then there was a movie creator . Where is the basic image editing/photo album tool ?? I could n't view the pictures I just uploaded -LRB- unless just use IE to view the jpg files -RRB- ! And I certainly did not want to create a movie with the movie creator.I ended up using the software came with my old 2 Meg-Pix camera . The images taken around the house were reasonable . But all the pictures I took for kids were very poor
 I 'm an SLR user looking for a comfortable transition into the digital world . When I saw the Sharp camera in the store , I was attracted to its manual capabilities -LRB- aperture , shutter priority -RRB- and price . I paid three hundred dollars for this 4.2 Mega pixel camera . When compared to its 4.0 megapixels highly priced peers , I thought I was getting the steal of a century . Boy was i wrong!On opening the box I saw that the camera came with an extremely thin wrist strap , which did not make me feel secure . The lens cap material was cheap plastic . And was a major problem when it dangled from the camera and sometimes got in the way of the shot . If you turned on the camera without removing the cap , you would get an error message and then would have to turn the camera off and on again , which was time consuming . I went through a set batteries within an hour setting up the camera . Whenever the camera was not attached to the a/c adapter , the camera consumed batteries . Be sure to buy rechargable batteries if you intend to keep this camera.When I got around to shooting pictures , i did hit some positive notes . I found that the LCD screen was extremely clear . The macro feature worked well in close shots . And the white balancing option was useful in getting accurate lighting indoors . Outdoor pictures were fine , but when I took pictures indoors , the focusing was way too slow . Indoor picture quality was n't the greatest . In Video mode , I was annoyed that I could n't zoom in or out . And during play back of videos , I never did figured out how or if I could pause . The volume is non adjustable , so its either on or off . Sometimes when switching from playback to shooting mode , there were menu glitches.When I wanted to load the pictures onto the computer I found that the software was not impressive and the manuals were not clear . Between the fidgeting with the camera and software , I had a hard time figuring out how to get my pictures onto the PC . When I finally figured out how see my pictures , I was disappointed in the quality of them . The quality of pictures on the LCD screen were superior to the ones that were on my computer . I found this deceiving.When I returned this camera to the store , the customer service lady was not surprised and simply said , `` Oh another one of those . '' I had no trouble returning it.I bought a Fuji Finepix 3800 which was more expensive and with less megapixels -LRB- 3.2 -RRB- , but still tons better than the Sharp VE .
 We were lured to this camera because it was 4MP and was n't priced as high as others for the features it offered . You get what you pay for !!!! . I returned this camera after a few days of owning it . I was very dissappointed with this camera first off because it eats batteries . Make sure you have a stock of AA batteries sitting with you or a lot of rechargable batteries ready to go . Just going through the menu and learning how to make the bulky thing work took a whole set of batteries . It has a hard time focusing on what you are trying to shoot . Very slow . What you get on the LCD is not what you get later . If you want action pictures , forget about getting a clear picture . I tried all the different shooting features including the ones for low light and the pictures still came out very dark . I gave it one star because there is nothing less . If you want a camera that you can depend on the subject to be in a very well lit area and not moving than this is for you . If you want something that you know will take a great picture in every day life , DO NOT BUY THIS !!!! We actually saw someone buying one after we returned this while we were looking for a new camera . We tried to tell them , as anyone who reads this that you will just throw your money away on this . It is not worth the time or money .
 The neckband looked like a good idea , but it did n't fit me well , nor work for me . The angle of the boom is not adjustable and the padded earcup no longer attached .
 The description of the batteries in this listing is vague , and the Pentax part number is used for the batteries but they are not Pentax . The two batteries I received in this outfit are CTA . The CTAs are 1350mAh versus 1620mAh for the Pentax . In other words , the CTAs have a shorter life per charge . You 're better off buying the grip and batteries separately.The grip is genuine Pentax and well constructed . I highly recommend it as it makes an excellent camera -LRB- K10D -RRB- even better .
 I originally wrote a positive review for this product but now after having owned a few of these for over a year -LRB- with frequent use -RRB- I can report a very different side to these filters that many users will not notice until some time has elapsed.First I would like to mention that I am particular about my photography equipment and take steps to keep them clean . These filters were purchased with the intent to keep expensive lenses from getting covered in dust or damaged in regular use.These UV filters -LRB- and presumably others -RRB- work fine initially , but there is something the many positive reviews do not mention - these things are dust MAGNETS.That 's right . I do n't know what it is about these filters , but once you take your lens cap off you 're going to have bits of dust and other airborne contaminants landing on there and getting stuck.A few specks of dust on the lens itself is no big deal - it will not even show in your photos , but the dust that sticks to these filters WILL show up on your photos if your photos have any kind of light areas.If you take a picture of the sky and do not have a perfectly clean B+W UV Haze filter , you will see black spots on the final exposure.I have tried to clean these using cotton cloth , microfiber and even methanol with no luck . By contrast I can keep my lenses clean with a simple puff of air or a wipe with microfiber . Even if there is some dust on my lens it does not show up in the photo as it does when it 's stuck on the UV filter.The quality of the glass that these UV filters are made from is also questionable . When I hold the filter up to a light , I can see many imperfections in the glass that appear as frosting . These imperfections are in the glass itself and can not be cleaned . I have several of these filters and all of them exhibit the same flaws.UV filters do not provide any benefit photographically as digital cameras are not susceptible to the coloration issues that UV light had on film.UV filters can and do diminish the quality of your photos by placing inferior glass in front of your lens . It 's a catch-22 -- you paid good money for a lens to take nice photos , only to hamper it by sticking a filter in front of it . With this filter on your lens , every photo you take is like no different than shooting through a window . Contrast and fine detail both suffer.These UV filters will cause `` ghosts '' and other optical anomalies at certain angles that you will not experience if you remove the filter.In the end it 's your call if you think it 's worth the extra money to make your camera take worse pictures under the false notion that the UV filter offers some kind of `` protection '' . Let 's face it - if you drop your lens , the possibility for breaking it will not be reduced by having a UV filter on the front.UV filters DO NOT keep your lens clean because they themselves attract dust and dirt , in addition to being optically inferior to the glass used in the lens , so the net result is a photo that would have been better with no filter at all.Save your money for something more useful like another lens , a good flash or a quality bag to carry your gear . These filters are a WASTE OF MONEY .
 This filter will not properly thread to my Canon EFS 18-135mm lens . In addition , I bought a B+W KSM Polarized Circular filter and threaded to this UV filter and then could n't get them apart .
 When the UV Lens arrived , the seal had been cut on the original package and their were finger prints and smudges on product . Clean up was possible but this was clearly a used item .
 I have received two of these B W UV filters and one of their polarized filters from amazon and all three are filthy with dust and smudges . Is this normal ? Or am I getting returned items ? If it is normal one should question B W quality control if they are shipping products this dirty out.Am I being unrealistic to expect them to be clean ? Any input would be appreciated.Also , the boxes were sealed with tape on only one side , not both . Again is this normal ? Seems useless to seal one side and not the other ...
 I thought this would be a nice product based on the good reviews , I 'm traveling in Italy right now and I found there r 3 or 4 small air bubbles on the surface of this filter after one month of use . It has been very carefully used . Do n't know why .
 Got mine shipped so fast.Thanks Amazon.The product quality is unknown.The filter glass seems to be intact , however scratch marks are definitely visible on the metal ring.part of of logo B+W is scratched.This item must be a refurbished one .
 Outer box 's seal was opened , inside plastic box was cracked ... looks ok thought.Looks like a returned item.Would have given 4-5 stars if not for the opened item .
 I found these a total waste of money . The polarising filter glued itself to the UV filter & could not be removed . I bought a cheap Starblitz Uv filter for 22 euros which worked pefectly . I eventually separated the filters & tried the polarising filter on my Hoya UV filter . It glued itself immediately to the UV filter & can not be removed !! I did not have this problem with previous Hoya filters.It got 1 star only because I clicked that by mistake !
 I bought this filter for my chrome Olympus 45mm f/1 .8 lens . I am familiar with the very high quality of B+W filters . However , I chose this particular filter to match the color of my lens . I was so disappointed when I received the item ! Yes , it 's just a matter of aesthetics , but when you pay a premium price , you expect to be completely satisfied !
 My filter arrived dirty , and with a piece of paint stuck to the glass . Considering the extra expense of ordering a supposed high quality item , if I could rate this item a -1 I would .
 This is an absolutely wonderful filter , however , my review is aimed more towards my experience with B+W / Schneider Optics.I 've spent over $ 1,000 on B+W filters and while they are one of the best , their customer service as well Amazon 's has let me down and I will never buy from them again . Rarely do I ever return anything and in this I case I simply wanted an exchange . The problem is that the UV Haze filter I received had scratches but I did n't see this until it was too late - the return window time frame had expired . Obviously I had faith in Amazon and B+W that the filters I received were new and did n't bother to put everything that I buy under a microscope . However , mine had scratches and upon calling Amazon they told me to send it to B+W . which I did and spent $ 10.00 doing so . When B+W contacted me , they indirectly said that the scratches were of my fault . I thought in business the customer was always right ? I told them I only clean my lens with an air can and nothing else and gave them a suggestion that perhaps someone bought the filter at Amazon used it for a little bit and returned it . Just my luck I probably got that `` returned '' filter with the scratches on it thinking it was new . Anyhow , B+W was very adamant on their stance and this is particularly disappointing on a filter that is only $ 100 . Had they agreed for an exchange , I would have continued as a committed life long customer to their products , which I have been until speaking with their customer service rep today . If you are reading , B+W / Schneider Optics , you can change the course of my loyalty . Also , I am very disappointed in Amazon . I have bought many things and spent a lot of money with them to have it boil down to something like this .
 Soy nuevo en la fotograf&iacute;a y compre una c&aacute;mara Nikon D800E 36,3 MP CMOS de formato FX de la c&aacute;mara r&eacute;flex digital -LRB- s&oacute;lo cuerpo -RRB- y me gustaria que me informaran si este filtro le sirve a un lente Nikon 24-70mm f/2 .8 G ED AF-S Nikkor Lente Gran Angular zoom .
 I read the reviews before my purchase and had faith in the quality of B+W products . However , after I got this filter , I was really disappointed.The words `` Made In Germany '' were skew in printing and partially missing . Cause it would be very inconvenient to exchange , I told myself , `` Ok , it might not be that bad . '' But , when I installed it on my lens , every time I looked down , it looks really awkward and ugly . I want to exchange for another one .
 I would have wanted to know if Amazon.com is an authorized B+W dealer . I would have wanted to know if Amazon.com sells grey market merchandise . I would have wanted to know if The filter I purchased is grey market . The filter I received from Amazon is a very different color than my other B+W UV filters . I do n't purchase filters from Amazon.com any more . I am looking very carefully into who sells grey market and who does n't . Jean
 The package was sealed but upon opening the lens had alot of lint on it as if it was used .
 I ordered two B+W filters from Amazon . They came in one shipment . Since they were small items , I took them with me for my oversea photography trip.When I opened the items , the 46 mm filter was obviously an used one with the metal rim scratched and discolored . As my return date would be over the deadline for return and I had to use the filters , I simply did not bother to return it . From the previous reviews written by other customers , it seemed that Amazon did ship used items from time to time . I would advise customers to carefully check expensive items they received carefully to avoid getting used items . Amazon should also be more careful checking the items before they ship .
 Immediately out of the box the lens had a few bits of the styrofoam that it comes shipped in . But for the life of me I could n't get it clean . The coating literally attracts the dust . I could n't blow or wipe it clean . It would just move from one section to another like it would n't let the dust go . And dust kills a good photo ! I also do n't know a single professional -LRB- I mean the ones who work for National Geographic , SI , etc -RRB- who use one to protect their lens .
 These lens filters are a dust magnets and are almost impossible to clean . I ordered two 77MM and the thin 82MM for wide angle . I 've had them for over a year now and I 'm giving up on them . I use a lens brush and rocket blower for dust -LRB- FOR THE FILTERS ONLY -RRB- and lens tissue for spots and smears . But there is no way to get these filters clean . They are dust magnets and it 's probably static electricity . Using a flashlight while cleaning , I can see dust being knocked off with the lens brush only to reappear on the filter . I even saw a bigger fiber brushed off the filter only to be drawn back onto the filter as if the filter glass was a magnet and the fiber was a piece of metal . I ca n't properly clean these filters before a job and I ca n't keep them clean onsite . These filters are only supposed to be used for suspect environments like clubs or for weather sealing . But they 're unusable ! I figure like at least 2x the dust than using no filter . I 'd suggest a lower performing filter that can be kept clean . Some filters -LRB- not this one -RRB- have special coatings to help .
 This filter is was no good to me . I shoot with a dslr and uv does not effect it . I thought I would use it to protect my lens but I get glares , specially when shooting around light . With todays cams , this is a complete waste of money . .
 just like with movie dvds where reviews are not only about movie itself but about the dvd as product i am rating not as much the B+W filter as what i received from Amazon.The tiny box with filter was freely sliding in much bigger outer box . i think this is unacceptable for optical products . also i found big hair inside the filter under the ring which hints that it may be returned item.The filter itself seems ok , although i was getting some glare on pictures of the lamp despite multicoating and it was worse than without the filter . but i do a lot of travelling and take pictures when sand is flying around or from a car so will need some protection for the lense .
 One of the tubes did n't work and it 's not possible to use it without it breaking my lens ? It just drops off ' it 's like the tread was slipping ...
 As with the higher-profile stabilizers such as this one , all eyes will certainly be upon YOU when using the Steady Tracker Ultralight - it 's a real attention-getter . Attaching your camera could n't be easier , the mounting plate is well thought out and provides enough front-to-back / side-to-side moveability so that cameras with off-set tripod holes can be adjusted and balanced without the need and additional cost of a third-party off-set balance plate . Once the Steady Tracker 's plate is secured to your camera , it simply slides into the mount and tightens down with one knob . This is also very convenient for making quicker balancing re-adjustments when adding or removing conversion lenses and / or other accessories.Adjusting the X and Y axes on the Steady Tracker by way of its afore-mentioned free-sliding camera plate makes balancing this baby intuitive and fast . Setting the center balance -LRB- Z axis -RRB- is even faster with its sliding collar that crimps down along the shaft with a twist of a knob . The sliding bottom crossbeam also tightens down with a knob , and can be used for additional front-to-back balance adjustment.Having no gimbal means the Steady Tracker is apt to sway less in the breeze , but at the same time providing less stabilization all-around - especially side-to-side . When utilizing the Steady Tracker , you must be careful not to hit the end of its bottom foot with your thigh as you walk , as this inserts an unwanted `` bump '' into your production . Holding the Steady Tracker far out enough to avoid bumping it will both build-up your bicep and fatigue your arm , as even with supporting a lightweight handycam , the Steady Tracker Ultralight wo n't feel so ultralight after a while.In conclusion , the Steady Tracker Ultralight does not provide enough stabilization for me due to its lack of a gimbal - especially at the price they 're charging for it.Be sure to watch my real-world demonstration video `` The Steady Tracker Ultralight Stabilizer - In Hollywood '' on YouTube . Just type in `` thehwdykedemos '' to find it quickly .
 My relatively new camera suddenly shut off -LRB- with lens still extended -RRB- while I was shooting , and wo n't turn back on even with new batteries or adapter . Still covered under parts warranty -LRB- but not labor -RRB- . The service center said this is a fairly common problem with this camera . I have to pay like $ 30 to have shipped back and forth from service center and fixed under an additional $ 80 flat rate -- over $ 100 to fix!Secondly , the software is not fully compatible with Windows 2000 or 98 . The software is missing a USB driver
 I 'm using this card with a WD My Book external hard drive . The SIIG manual says to install their 1394 driver . Well it did n't work . After returning the hard drive and getting a new one -LRB- which did n't help -RRB- I tried using the Windows default Texas Instruments OHCI Compliant IEEE 1394 Host Controller driver . It now works . Bottom line , their driver is a joke and forget about finding any useful information on their website .
 I bought it to work with a LACIE hard drive and It did not recognize the device . Do n't lost your money .
 I purchased this product from Amazon for use with my new iMac . The ADVC-55 uses 6-pin firewire and my iMac uses 9-pin . When I contacted Grass Valley Technical Support they stated that they do not support/recommend 9-pin firewire use with the ADVC-55 . They stated that some users have had success using a Belkin 9-pin to 6-pin cable , but others have not . I was told that I should return the ADVC-55 and purchase the ADVCMini - which is specifically designed to be used with a Mac via USB . So I returned the 55 and bought the mini . Great return experience with Amazon ! When I received the mini it had a sync issue -LRB- video did n't match audio -RRB- . Grass Valley Technical Support could n't solve the problem and suggested that I purchase a product from another vendor . When I visited an Apple store this past weekend , the sales person recommended an Elgato product over the ADVCmini - both were available at the store . Based on these experiences , I can not recommend Grass Valley .
 Fair warning this device does n't work with Final Cut Express and their customer service is terrible when you contact them for help .
 I 'm very disappointed . I thought I was getting a device that would convert an NTSC signal into digital at NTSC resolution , but it does n't do that . The output from this device is only 352x240 which is about half of NTSC resolution.Most software will tell you it is larger , but it 's just scaling the image up . The native data coming from the device is just 352x240 which is TINY .
 I 've had both a 525 and a 535e They are pretty rugged and have a good sized screen but the internal GPS is fair at best . The navigation software is not very good . Paired with all of the dropped GPS signals I ca n't recommend it . I recently bought a Sprint smartphone that uses windows mobile , after phone company discounts and rebates cost half as much as the Pharos . The navigation software is far superior and the GPS pulls in signal much better . I 've run both devices side by side and Pharos loses satellite far more often .
 I bought the 525 for Valentine . It worked out of the box , surfed the web with my internet connection but could not use the bluetooth to download songs from my laptop -LRB- the FTP service is not enabled , or maybe i did n't know how -RRB- . Never tried the Infrared.The GPS worked fairly well . I am a new user , so low expectations . But the lady kept telling me to take a left well after the left had gone.None of which matters since the unit just died . It only works if it is plugged in to the wall . I am hoping the store takes a return since I really dont want to gamble $ 600 that it is just a bad battery .
 I am not pleased with this purchase . The only nice thing I can say about this monitor is that ; the fit and finish are super . Controls are great and the OSD is great . UI is intuitive effecient.My complaints are the backlight dims midscreen , there is a rippling shimmer at all resolutions/refresh , the overall brightness is lacking and color syncing to any other monitor is nearly impossible . Colors can not be set to an accurate representation ... period . If you have low expectations and just want an affordable widescreen this would be a good choice . If you need a bright monitor with accurate color display , I would recommend a pass .
 I bought this monitor on clearance , very excited about the great deal I got . What a disappointment . I did n't like , but accepted the refresh that froze up the screen every single time I exited a game or signed on . What really got me though was the annoying line that formed on the left side of the screen . It caused a discoloration with everything I did , and was very annoying . I would have to unplug the monitor for a couple minutes , then plug it back in to get rid of the line . A couple minutes later though , the line reappeared.I took the monitor back to the store and was told someone else had turned on back in for being faulty . They ordered me a new one , then told me a couple days later that it was n't made anymore . By the time this is all done and the store orders me an equivilant product , I 'll have been without a computer monitor for over a week all because of this lousy monitor.It seems like a good deal for the price , but stay away from Acer .
 I liked this monitor - easy to set up , looked fantastic . Unfortunately , I woke up one morning and it would n't display anything . Looked online and found out this problem was all too common - the power supplies fail on Acer products . After having to return my kid 's Thomas toys and my pet food , this is just another `` Made In China '' disaster for me .
 I got this monitor at Walmart and it was fantastic for my needs.The monitor only lasted just over a year . That is unacceptable.About a week ago the monitor would not wake up . It powered on but would not come on.Several cable and monitor swaps later I narrowed it down to a bad monitor.I replaced it recently with a 23 '' HP monitor for about the same price .
 I ca n't give these monitors more than 2 stars . I got them both at Staples and one lasted 1 year and the other lasted like 1.5 years . The image quality was good on them for the price , while they worked , but come on , build in some longevity .
 I bought this card and after installing the drivers , Windows XP could not recognize the card . When I talked to Netgear customer support they told me the card was defective and I should return it . I sent the card back to Amazon and Amazon quickly sent a new card to me -LRB- Amazon was great about the whole thing . -RRB- After going through the whole process with the second Netgear card , that card did n't work either . I ended up installing a Linksys card and it works great .
 They changed the chipsets in these cards to Taiwanese Realtek chips . Where the Linksys WPC11 pre-v .4 was easy to install and was supported by AbsoluteValue systems ' linux-wlan project , -LRB- http://www.linux-wlan.org/docs/wlan_adapters.html -RRB- the realtek chipsets are not . They are a real pain to configure now . If you want to run this card / chipset under Linux , look elsewhere ... like at the Netgear MA 401 which is supported by AVS .
 Do not buy this item if your signal is not all ways excelent.I have prevously owned the two older versions of the netgear 802.11 b pci cards and both were much better than this one.Only buy this item if you want a small compact card and you have an excelent signal quality .
 My signal is not consistent and this card drops every 5-10 minutes . My old card was much more consistent - I upgraded to this one for speed but it has caused all kinds of problems for me -LRB- including the driver problem mentioned by others here -RRB- .
 i have called technical support twice and after wasting 2 hrs with them got nothing resolved . I bought this on Amazon , so I am gon na return this crap and probably get Linksys . The drivers are all messed up and dont work .
 This card is incompatible with Win98 SE , regardless of what the product listing says . I spent the past 55 minutes with Netgear tech support , with no resolution to the problem other than `` contact Microsoft because their operating system is n't installing these drivers correctly . '' Pshaw ! My prior Netgear card -LRB- MA401 -RRB- worked fine on the same machine . This new model simply wo n't work with Win98 SE .
 My Netwiking Card all of sudden stopped functioning afer 4 months in use . Reading the literature on web I was able to do basic debugging and found that Networking card is not able to pickup the signal and when could not resolve the issue I called there Tech Support who were not willing to help at all unless I agree to pay them 28 $ service fee or agree 2 $ / minute charge of the call . Guys have you heard of this . My experience with Netgear is not good and would suggest you not waste your quality time and money on poor quality products from NetGear !!! And be carfull of their disgusting technical support
 I bought this card at Best Buy for $ ... after rebates . Good deal . However , the first card I brought home had a very variable signal . Walk onto my porch , 15 feet away which has a line of sight through a window , and the signal droped . Called NetGear support and they told me that while this product is using inferior Texas Instruments hardware , it should have gotten a better range than that . So , I exchanged it . Same problem.As a result , I 'm taking the 2nd level support guy 's suggestion and buying the MA401 . I recommend you do the same .
 My old Epson printer did not recognize this cartridge when inserted . I contacted both Amazon and Rhinotek . I returned through Amazon and was immediately credited . Rhinotek was also very responsive . I ended up getting the OEM cartridge refilled at Cartridge World for a few dollars more and it works OK .
 Of the 50 Memorex CD-Rs , my Macbook Pro was able to successfully burn approximately 8 . This means 42 CD-Rs ended up in my trash can.The package contained no warning about this . It would n't be worth the effort to pursue compensation but I hope others read this review and purchase CD-Rs from another maker .
 The discs that I got were unbalanced and made my CD/DVD drive sound like it was tearing itself apart . Did n't bother returning them ... just tossed them in the dumpster , where they belong !
 does not work with the macbook pro or imac . tried 28 discs from 2 different packages bought months apart , with different burning programs on the two different machines - no go on a single disc . they are garbage if you are a mac user . try verbatim or taiyo yuden instead .
 I had no problems burning to these discs , its when I went back a few months later to these discs and found out that none of them work anymore . After further research I found out that Memorex uses the cheapest dye available and thus the DVDs have absolutelly no life to them , my discs started dying after a few months.In addition , in you physically hold the disc in your hands you can feel how warped physically it has become . This is true for all the discs -LRB- about 150 of them -RRB- . I CAN NOT NOT RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT STRONLY ENOUGH !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 I would avoid these discs . I have been using these discs for some time doing backups . Recently , I 've had a few problems and decided to look at these further . I noticed another review that said that the discs are made by multiple companies under the Memorex brand as are others like TDK , etc. . I used to DVD info and noticed that my most recent purchase is made by CMC and I 'm having problems with some of the discs including burn errors . One disk has strange ring in the die . I have the NEC 1300a burner . I also having some trouble playing backups on the same drive on my computer . Less trouble playing on my Sony DVD player . Just based on this -LRB- not a clear indication of what you 're getting when you purchase -RRB- , I would go with something else . These discs are not cheap enough for this reason .
 As nomorecoasters mentioned , these are pathetic garbage landfill materials . I originally bought a stack of 50 of these Memorex 4x DVD+R s , they all burned fine . I heard from forums that CMC disks suck . As a non-believer , I bought another stack . This time , I hit the jackpot . Out of 10 disks , 4 disks have data verification failures on them . Every one of these disks would have funny looking rings on the written side due to uneven dyes . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT .
 I had backed up many DVDs on Memorex dvd + r at 4X , so this time i went for the 50pack . The problem is that these new discs will only burn at 2.4 X , probably they changed the id coding in the dvds and the last firmware upgrade for the NEC 1100A does n't support 4X writing on these brand . Now i 'm stuck with a 50pack spindle that only burns at a slow 2.4 X -LRB- about 40 min per DVD -RRB- . So before you buy i 'd suggest you buy a pair of individual DVD 's just to make sure they will work on your burner . I 'll guess i 'll try the HP DVD+R 4X that are priced very similar . And also NEC wo n't do any more firmware upgrades on the 1100A . The newest version is 10GE and it does not support these . It was released may 2003 .
 I bought a 25 pack of these . My Optorite drive has detected and written over a dozen other brands of + R discs . These are the ONLY discs that it wont recognize . I even upgraded the firmware on my drive.Oddly , I just finished up a 25 pack that I got about a year ago . Going to dvdhelp , you can see that there are several different manufacturers of Memorex disks . I dont know who made these ... I cant even read them ... . but they dont work and I would not recommend them .
 Out of the past 20 burns , I have only had 10 DVD 's burn successfully . I use Roxio CD Creator version 7 , which does a great job with my CD 's , so I 'm pretty sure it 's the DVD media . Not only am I wasting all my money , but my time as well . I 've tried to lower the burn speed , but it does not matter . I 'd try something else .
 Bad bad bad . I 'm not sure exactly what is wrong with these discs , whether it is flimsy material or an asymmetrical center but they are not reliable . I purchased a 50 spindle and from the first 28 used only one worked properly . This is an expensive waste . I suggest going with better quality discs at the outset . It will save on headache later .
 If you go to the link above for the dvd + r memorex 25 pack spindle , they only cost $ 29 . Therefore , if you buy two 25 packs , you 'll get 50 dvd + r disks for about $ 60 while you 'll have to pay $ 69 for the actual 50 pack . -LRB- Also , both are applicable for the supersaver shipping -RRB- . Hope that helps some people . Good Luck with your burnin '
 I previously purchased -LRB- 3 -RRB- 25-disc spindles of this media.It provided flawless back-ups using LITEON 411S & NERO 6 @ 4X . I bought this 50-disc spindle and my success rate has dropped to around 50 % . They freeze in my player.Some of the discs are stuck together on the spindle , which is strange.I guess I need try to return the remaining 25 discs for a refund , if it 's worth it . I do n't like returning stuff.I will not buy these again .
 I have used many brands of DVD+R / DVD-R . Memorex seems to have a high rate of unsuccessful burns . I would recommend another brand . TDK seems to be my favorite . Never any problems and more affordable .
 I purchased this item and was excited to get them , but burning my first DVDs . . they 're all coasters ! ARG . . pass Memorex and go for a more expensive media , like Verbatim .
 cartridge dated 2005 , supply expired , dried up , and the product never should have been offered for sale in the first place .
 I bought this cartridge to use on my HP Deskjet d135 . I had no indication that the cartridge had expired till it arrived with a FEB 2008 date on the box . the HP Deskjet d135 has a sensor in it that recognizes an expired cartridge . Be aware before you buy any expired cartridge , even if remanufactured .
 I purchased printer ink as a business and expect QUICK effective service . Product was under packaged in a bubble pack and received damaged . Databazaar would not immediately ship out a replacement demanding I first send back the item before they would send the replacement . Unacceptable ! Poor business practice ! I will not purchase from again !! This puts me out of color printing for at least 2 weeks !!!
 Do n't buy - back/forward control buttons non-functioning . I read the instructions twice - re-installed the remote base , checked , re-checked and found that the forward / backward buttons do not work . I found this out 1/2 a day before leaving on a cross country trip where I was going to need a device like this to function correctly - it was to late to return / reorder from another vendor so I went with my old wired control and tossed this Maxwell P21 in the garbage .
 I had sony 510A DVD writer . and so far have tried philips and memorex DVD+R media . All my bad ones are from memorex . When I first got the memorex , I can feel the build quality is worse than the philips , it is thinner . after serveral of the toasts , I decided to not to use it . It also waste me a lot of hours .
 Bought this spindle 3 weeks ago have used about 19 of them and already have 6 that are no good non burnable . Forget this and go TDK .
 10 % of my movie backups do n't turn out and I have n't gotten a single data dvd to work without any `` cyclic redundancy check '' errors . These disks will only work well when burned at 2.4 x , and even then are n't 100 % functional . I use a Lite-On 4x burner and the results have been terrible.UPDATE
 memorex DVD+R media are poorly made for recording . i have had trouble with error writing disks to backup my DVD movies .
 These blank DVD 's by Memorex are not compatiable with all brands of DVD burners . I spent many hours in determing that my problem was not with the hardware or software but with the Memorex DVD disk itself . I now have 25 blank DVDs of no use to me .
 Do n't waste your money on these like I did . I 've burned 3 discs so far . They barely play on my dvd player - some of the titles of the dvd are missing . They are unreadable on my computer 's dvd drive .
 ... but as another reviewer pointed out , Memorex dumped Ricoh and went to CMC . The Ricoh discs had been top-shelf stuff , I only hope that I have enough of them left to hold me over until the dual-layer and 16x drives come out this summer !
 I hope it 's live because if it 's memorex , it 's crap ! that 's my latest opinion after using this product . I have a LiteOn SOHW-802S and it hates Memorex . I rarely get a decent burn . More often than not I 'll discover while watching my movies just how horrid the quality it . My movies will skip , stutter , or stop all together . So disappointing ! Unfortunately I found out too late that Memorex uses CMC media , which only has a 0-50 % success rate ! -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I recently had problems -LRB- a whole lot of problems -RRB- with Memorex 's DVD+R -LRB- 16X -RRB- I write a photographic column and wanted to know if this was an isolated incidence or one that is pervasive . I first call Memorex and talked to a customer service person-Carlos . He stated that there may be a compatibility problem with my burners . I have three burners , all Pioneer . I said that I would find out but if there were known incidences that they -LRB- Memorex -RRB- should put that on their label.I called Pioneer and talked to three departments before I got a very knowledgeable representative from their technical staff . I told her I was a writer and am researching Memorex and asked if there was any firmware that I was missing . She said that on one of my drives there was one firmware update . I asked if there was any compatibility problems with Memorex 16x dvd + r discs and she said that all 16X discs should work . I asked if she knew anything about the Memorex discs and she said that they -LRB- Memorex -RRB- were having a great deal of quality control problems.I went back to Memorex and talked to Gerad . He told me that the discs were not compatible with my burners . When I told him about my conversation with Pioneer , he backed off and he said that if I send Memorex a disc from the top , the middle and the bottom of the pile along with a receipt , that they will look into this . I told him that I would be writing about this experience in my column and he said thank you for calling Memorex.I have read many of the reviews about how difficult it is to get all of the parameters of the discs in specification and that some fortunate individuals have had little trouble with their disc and I say-Good for them . As for the difficulty in maintaining quality -- I DO N'T CARE !! It 's their job to produce a workable product .
 I wish they had a rating for zero stars . I bought the fifty pack and had 12 good burns and 38 coasters . That 's a 24 % success rate . I subsequently bought verbatim data life and have burned 14 so far with no coasters . Memorex has really gone downhill .
 I 've burnt around 25 and there are already 6 that gave me write error with my 4x Sony CRU-510UL . The ID code of the material is `` CMC MAG F01 '' . This makes me worry about how long the data on these discs will last ...
 I burned 40 TDK discs at 4x while I was waiting for my Memorex discs to come . I figured they would be high quality . . but they refuse to burn at 4x . If I wanted 2.4 x Media I would have bought a 2.4 x drive . Definately be wary . . if you are burning a lot of discs . . the difference in time is going to add up real quick .
 I 've previously purchased Memorex media DVD+R and have not had any problems until recently . My latest purchase has given me infinitely more grief and frustration than the initial purchase price ... Where do I start , how about the fact that the media is labeled as 4X and only burns at 2.4 X -LRB- gray spindle -RRB- ? How about the fact that files and videos have errors causing file corruption and/or video dropouts -LRB- stutter or DVD lock-up -RRB- ? . I thought it was my recorder until I read all the reviews ... There has been a HUGE drop in quality recently . If you want to gamble with the recent sub-par quality of the Memorex branded media and `` hope '' every thing turns out ok by all means make your purchase here . For me , I 'm dumping more than 50 % remaining on the spindle because the media is completely unreliable and worthless for anything other than coasters .
 Media looks great , but problems start if you want to record something . I just could not close more than 50 % of discs . Since DVD recording is not very fast process , 50 % of failures is a terrible waste of time . I will never buy any media of Memorex in feature .
 I was very disappointed with this product ... out of 25 blank discs only half were useable ... and for the money spent this was not acceptable . I was shocked I thought Memorex was top of the line in everything ... but I guess this was n't true with its DVD+R blank discs .
 I bought one of these at a local store , and was reasonably satisfied with it . I needed a couple hundred blanks , so I ordered 9 spindles from Amazon , mainly because of the price . BIG MISTAKE ! The quality is VERY inconsistent . Two spindles were all good . The other 7 had anywhere from a couple to over 10 bad media . Even the ones that burned fine , were spotty at points . Two burns were approximately 20 mins burn , 20 not , then 20 burn , 20 not ! forming concentric circles on the platter . I realise now that a project worth my time , LOTS of time , is worth a few more pennies.You are not saving anything , because you are likely NOT getting 25 good ones for your money . STAY AWAY unless you really feel lucky you will get the rare fault-free spindle .
 I have used Sony media exclusively until I saw the `` good deal '' on the Memorex DVD+R 25 pack . I have used 5 Memorex discs so far with only 2 successful burnings . At this rate , my DVDs are costing over $ 3 each . Sure , 25 DVDs for $ 30 is great , but if 2 out of every 5 work , the `` value '' quickly disappears . I have read a lot of other reviews reporting the same thing . I 'm sticking with Sony for now on .
 Recommend RiData DVD-Rs . I bought a 100 pack of the memorex with bad results and ignored customer support . Wasted money .
 I bought these discs at CompUSA because I needed a few before I got the ones I ordered online . Well , I just wated a good 25 bucks because out of 5 discs , I got one that burned good . Not much bang for the buck . I have burned many discs but never Memorex , usually Verbatim or Ridata or MAM . Very disgruntled with these discs making coasters . Maybe my burners do n't like them but whatever the case , I wo n't buy them ever again . I thought Memorex made good products ?
 I bought two packs of these , and for some reason , about half of them or maybe one third do n't come out well . When you burn it looks like everything went well , and your computer tells you that the burn was successful , but when you play it , the beginning of the film or whatever you are burning comes out good , but about half way through , the dvd player starts jamming up , and I 've tried them in other dvd players , not just my Sony , and the same happens . I 've tried with different software too , I 've had better results with Nero Express , but the same problem occurs . These problems do n't happen with HP discs I bought or Verbatim , so the problem must be these discs . I 'm just putting this down so as to warn people out there .
 memorex changed the manufacturer of their media from RITEK/RICOH tocheap CMC.I 've burned dozens of DVD disks successfully in the past with myburner , with Memorex -LRB- Ritek -RRB- , TDK , Fuji , and verbatum media , but my last 25 pack of Memorex , 23 out of 25 burned UNREADABLE disks .
 I bought 1-25 packs of these from amazon because of the excellent price . The first 25 burnt without any errors . I went ahead and ordered 2 more packs of 25 . I had about 15 bad disks . I might have got a defective lot . I filled out the media replacement form at the memorex web site , waiting to here back from them . Yes I also worry as to how long the data would last on the ones which did not have any errors recording .
 I brought these Memorex DVD 's and they are RIPE STINKERS OF THE FIRST ORDER ! These DVD 's are worthless . I averaged 3 coasters out of 25 disks . TDK Disks are MUCH MUCH BETTER ! I genrally like most of the things Amazon sells but AMAZON should be ashamed to offer these nasty crummy useless DVD disks for sale . Worst is that Amazon makes TDK + R disks harder to buy as they did not sell them directly at the time of my last purchase.These disks are just worthless as media intended to preserve your DVD data or images . Words just can not say how bad I think these disks are . If you never listen to another peice of online advice here me now . Save your hard earned money for some really good DVD media Memorex DVD + R disks are not worth the money at any cost . Sometimes dirt cheap is that way for good reasons . These are nasty leave them on the shelf .
 Memorex used to use Ricoh Japan 's fine dvd media . It would get absolutely no coasters . Now they switched to CMC , whose dvds retain data almost as well as pancakes would . I suggest you no longer buy their product , for its quality went from flawless to lower than the Maria trench .
 This used to be great media until Memorex decided to switch to CMC from Ricoh . Now they are horrible , you 're lucky to get 20-30 % success rate with these .
 The DVDs I burned successfully showed the movies in excellent quality . The only problem is that for every 3 good burns I get one bad one . I 'm using the Plextor DVD burner -LRB- love it !! -RRB- , but I 'm going to try my luck with a different DVD brand . The failure rate for Memorex is unacceptable . It 's less the cost that bothers me , but more the time wasted on burning coasters .
 Do n't bother with this media . It used to be quality stuff up until about four months ago when Memorex switched suppliers from Ricoh to CMC . I bought a batch of the Memorex Ricoh 's and they all worked flawlessly , unlike the new CMC 's . At least half of the CMC discs were unreadable once burned . Even if the burn was successful , the media had problems with many standalone DVD players . Stay far away ! Quality DVD+R media can be found for around the same price if you can find the right sales .
 I used to buy these all the time from Amazon , these Memorex discs were originally made by Richoh , which made top notch discs . Now , not so much . The original dozen or so spindles I bought back in the day got 5 stars with no problem , the new ones that Memorex sells , sadly , are junk . I 'd stay away .
 These disks used to be great in my NEC ND-1100A , but Memorex changed the OEM from Ritek to CMC . Now , they only burn at 2.4 X.
 My experience with my first two spindles of these discs was very satisfactory . Actually I had not a single coaster , and I was able to burn all my DVDs at 4x with my NEC 1100A burner . I went ahead and bought 3 more spindles . What a mistake ! Even though the package seems identical to that of the first spindles I bought , the discs looked physically different . And to my surprise , they were actually different media . My burner can only roast them at 2.4 x. I made a bit research about it by using DVDIdentifier and I found that the last discs I bought have manufacturer id = CMC.MAG.F01 whereas the first ones I bought have manufacturer id = RICOHJPN.R01 . Most probably my burner 's firmware does n't support this id , so that 's why it uses its default speed of 2.4 x. I knew I can flash my drive to correct this problem , but this is risky . In conclusion , I can not recommend this product to anyone since I would n't know if other burners had this same issue . I am giving two stars to this product for the first two spindles I bought , but I got very very disappointed with my last purchase . I really think Memorex should use different labels for these spindles , so that customers can choose the media that suits them best . I think that 's care for customers , and it would be fair .
 I used a 25 pack of these doing DVD backups , and the last 5 or so failed . I thought it was my software , so I got new software . Guess what ? My first disc out of the new package of 25 that I bought failed , too . It 's not my burner -LRB- as another reviewer suggested , implying that people should learn to read -RRB- , as it 's brand new and does n't require the firmware upgrade they mention . They just suck and have a high failure rate . So the consensus seems to be that TDK or Sony are best . I 'm buying some now and save myself the frustration .
 Purchased this 25 spindle after many getting several high quality Memorex DVD +4 - 4 X media manufactured by Richoh -LRB- media id RICOHJPNR01 -RRB- from Amazon at the lowest prices available anywhere . Unfortunately Amazon has no control on when Memorex sends them inferior bad media made by various sub contractors . Memorex merely puts their label on media mfg by their many subs . My Feb 2003 purchase of this item turned out to be badly made CMC MAG F01 and not Richoh . Most discs in lot I got have minute cracks , and you can see it was badly pressed all along the rims of the discs . Those CMC which did burn are so poorly manufactured that they can be expected to have very short life due to air and heat easily getting in and causing deterioration of dye . I might as well purchased 80 cent CMC from wholesalers if I wanted junk . Eight coasters out of 25 discs , whereas I have not had one coaster from the Amazon Richoh stuff out of hundreds burned . Moral , if you are going to buy repackaged DVD media from companies which only repackage media , buy small quantities , test and id media mfg of initial purchase with DVDINFOPRO or some other media identifier before you buy in quantity in any given Amazon lot .
 I 'm afraid I have to agree with the other previously happy Memorex users in noting that Memorex quality/success rate has gone downhill . I was skeptical when I read the other reviews and I stuck with Memorex , but I have seen the light now . For a year I was very successful with the DVD+R Memorex disks . In the 25 pack spindles I would buy , they would all work ... so in Aug '04 I bought 2 25 packs at Circuit City -LRB- a mistake ? -RRB- . That appears to have been a waste of money . I just tried to burn a copy of something and I ended up trashing 4 disks in a row . I was convincing myself it was my hardware or program or something else . Then I remembered someone had given me a blank Sony DVD-R disk , so I thought what the heck , let me try that one . Into the SONY drive it went and it copied without a hitch . That was the final straw for my Memorex loyalty . Out of a pack of 25 , I have about 10 left , but have had to trash 6 of the 15 I used . Not a good success ratio . Bye Memorex .
 I have tried to burn like 5 video dvd with my dvd writer -LRB- LG super multi dvd writer 404B -RRB- with the latest firmware A302 and all the burns have been coasters . They burn with no problem . The problem is when I insert the dvd en the dvd rom . It can not even recognice the Media .
 Hey , Amazon - Why was I `` recommended '' -LRB- on the front page of Amazon.com , once I logged in -RRB- such a poorly-reviewed product ?
 I tried burning 4 DVDs . During the wirting process I got no errors and while playing -LRB- DVD player & computer -RRB- I see the scrambled picture and no audio . I 'm going to return these.My DVD writer
 This is very low quality media . The quality can even differ from each individual disk , instead of per batch like with most disks . A lot of my burns do n't end up having proper quality . Sure , they burn fine , and may even work for the average user , but the quality is very low . I now know why the price was so low . My recomendation is to find some TDK or Verbatim media equivalent , which may have the same Media Code in the ADIP `` RICOHJPNR01 '' , but it is of much higher quality . Try to avoid Memorex media as much as you can .
 Relay works in wet conditions , but they stick in cold weather . If you leave them turned on for 15 minutes or so they 'll heat up enough from the current in the coils to click on .
 FYI
 I believe this one was a lemon . I was able to download about 15 megabytes of music to it but could n't review what I had just downloaded ; it simply froze and would n't accept anymore.I have a Buslink 40 GB bought circa 2001 -LRB- not sure of year -RRB- ; back when 40 GB was best you could get for storage . This old one still works perfectly and I have about 20 to 30 GB of information , music , pictures , etc. stored . It simply keeps working and working which made me decide to stay with Buslink.Sent the newly purchased Buslink 160 GB back but had to involve credit card company to get money returned to my account . They were not willing to cooperate and it was their fault the item did not work . I 'm a satisfied customer -LRB- now -RRB- because I have my money back.Again , this one was probably a lemon because my old , old one still works perfectly .
 I bought these in order to terminate a Cat5e Ethernet cable -- and then insert the Keystone Jacks into Keystone wall plates . Beware -- They DO NOT work with stranded Ethernet cable -- and there 's nothing in the sales info to tell you this . They ** might ** work with solid copper core Ethernet -- do n't know -- but they 're still very cumbersome as the other reviewer noted . A better solution if you 're trying to connect Ethernet to a wall-plate is to use a Keystone `` pass-through '' jack -- which has the RJ-45 female socket on both sides of an in-line connector -- which then snaps into the Keystone wall plate . That way you can use cable that 's already terminated with the standard RJ-45 plug -- and it 's literally `` plug and play '' - so much easier and fool-proof !
 Maybe it 's because I 'm old or clumsy . Maybe it 's because this connector is poorly designed . It was difficult to route the wires such that each could be connected and next to impossible to get the cover to snap into place.By contrast , I 've also tried these -LRB- Leviton R06-5G108-00W Cat 5e 8-Wire QuickPort Adaptor Jack , White -RRB- and found them much easier to work with .
 Product did not work as expected . I ended up stripping the wire and soldering them to the jack . Part of this is due to poor quality cable , part due to bad design of the jack .
 Like other users my 250GB One Touch II fried after not so much use . After reading many online reviews I realized there was no use contacting Maxtor . I found out several things on my own while trying to save the data . One , the drive inside the box is an ATA 133 hard drive formatted with NTFS . Two , the components that fried were not on the drive itself . Three , you can pick up a new board for the drive -LRB- if needed/fried -RRB- online if you look not-so-hard for a few bucks . I slapped the drive into my PC and was able to not only save the data but to reuse the hard drive .
 I 'm hoping that I 'm not in for a nightmare experience with my other Maxtor products . I have a relatively new system with two internal Maxtor drives . I attached an older model OneTouch to the system , so that makes three . Then I bought this one to back everything up . I 've used it about a half dozen times and now it has failed - the dreaded rapid blue light flash . Support told me the drive has failed and needs to be replaced . Just out of warranty , too . This is the one time I wish I had bought an extended service plan .
 If you like loosing data this is the drive for you!It is very user friendly , easy to set up , etc. butconsistently unreliable it is no wonder they soldthe company to seagate .
 I read a lot of good reviews about this product . When I got it a month ago , I was very excited to see what it could do . I was immediately disappointed as it would not back up my hard drive consistently . I contacted Technical Support by phone and he was very helpful . He sent me an email with instructions of what to do to solve the problem . Let me know that if it does n't work to email him back . I tried it and it did n't work so I emailed him back and he never responsed . Ultimately , the problem is either the Maxtor hard drive or my Sager laptop 's hard drive .
 As a former Microsoft software engineer who assisted in the development of the FAT and NTFS file systems , I can confidently say that this drive 's backup software is one of the biggest pieces of trash I have ever encountered in the retail market . The bottom line is simple
 I bought two of these within three years , one 80GB and one 200GB , each to be used exclusively for backup purposes . Each died shortly after the one-year warranty elapsed . The second one overheated so badly , that I literally had to unplug the device , and wait about 30 minutes before I could even touch it . I figured that the first time was a fluke ; two in a row , though , is probably not.The Retrospect software was also completely unreliable . I had configured the script to run automatically twice a week , and with each drive the software would mysteriously remove the scheduled script about once every two months , and I would have to reconfigure the software at that point . While I 'm completely comfortable doing so , many people would not be , and those are the people that Maxtor , among other manufacturers , are targeting with these types of products . People want overall ease of use with technology products , and the Maxtor external backups were never as such for me.I purchased a Seagate external backup drive after my Maxtor 200GB fried , and I 've owned it for almost a year . The software has never failed , and the backups have always run as scheduled . The backup software is also far more user friendly than Retrospect . The only positive I 'd give the Maxtor drives over the Seagates are that the former is quieter , but that is n't a dealbreaker for me . I work in information technology , and have for 15 years . I 'm not one of those I.T. guys who always swears by one manufacturer 's hard drive , but at this point , Maxtor has lost me as a customer .
 We have 5 of these in our office . The intent was to use them as baby NASes . After a year 's worth of usage two of the drives are outright dead and one has so many trashed sectors on it that a lot of data has been rendered inaccessible.As if that 's not bad enough , Maxtor has decided lately to ship a more bare bones Dantz Retrospect software with each unit . A bare bones unit of a piece of software that was n't that impressive to begin with is just not a good idea . I called tech support and sales at Maxtor and asked why a $ 300 hardware came with a full blown Retrospect software a month ago and why does it now come with a skeletal version of that software and was basically ignored . Good job , Maxtor . That 's the way to keep the customer coming back.And these are , sadly , not the only woes . The One-touch backup idea , while a good idea in theory , is a veritable mess in practice . Half the time it does n't work and when it does it has been known to induce a BSOD on some of our XP machines . And , no , this is not a Microsoft problem.I 'm going to check out Buffalo Station and will probably use the 5 Maxtor drives as they were intended - as doorstops in our office .
 The One Touch was easy to install and worked fine . Fine , that is , until my Windows XP started freezing on shutdown and when returning from standby mode . Because disabling the One Touch fixed the freezing , I concluded that it must be the culprit . So until I figure out what 's going on I will have to manually enable the One Touch and run manual back-ups . That eliminates 90 % of the convenience I was looking for . So , nice package , good concept , but does n't work well with my particular configuration .
 I purchased 2 of these devices , and ensured my settings allowed fast device removal -LRB- turned off write caching -RRB- and on numerous occasions , I just lose the partition table off one . Poof , gone , looks like a RAW drive . I have to re-partition , and format , losing all my backus.Fortunately , I 've learned to copy truely valuable backups to DVDs ...
 Mine stopped working after two weeks . Maxtor customer service does n't help , either . First , the one-touch software stopped working , and now the whole package seems to have stopped working . I have reinstalled the drivers and software but to no avail at this time . I bought mine in spite of critical reviews , but this was a mistake.I will update this review if I can get it fixed , but for now a big thumbs down .
 I bought 4 of these for video editing . They are hooked up using the Firewire ports in series -LRB- one to the next to the next -RRB- . At this point , less than half a year later , only 2 out of the four are recognized by Windows XP . Looking around for different drives for my next project , but am limiting my search to external drives with a capacity of 200MB and no higher , as that seems to be the most reliable capacity .
 I digitized my entire music collection onto one of these drives . I then bought a second one to backup . Good thing I did . At least once every three to four months , 50 % or more of the subdirectories on the disk just vanish . I then reformat and copy the files from the backup and the drive works again for a month or two . The strange thing is , iTunes can still find the files , but windows explorer can not .
 I had high hopes for these earphones from reading other -LRB- mostly positive -RRB- reviews . Unfortunately , I had a much different experience.First , I found the earplugs to be painful . I could n't keep any of the silicone ones in my ear for more than 5 minutes before the ache was more than I wanted to deal with . I do n't generally have sensory issues like this -- I can -LRB- and do -RRB- wear foam earplugs for hours on end at work without being bothered by them . Etymotic does include foam plugs in the package , and they are an improvement in comfort , but still too uncomfortable to want to keep in for long.And no matter which kind of plugs were inserted , they all suffered the same major problem
 I 'm on my 3rd pair of these headphones because I love the sound quality . However , EVERY pair that I have owned has had a problem with the wires breaking inside their casing at the base of the plug . I was able to replace 1 pair that was still under warranty , but now this replacement pair is showing the same problem!I have treated my most recent pair very gently , and I used a Curveyman cord wrap that was attached to the plug base to prevent tugging of the cord at the stress point where the wires join the plug . Despite this effort , my current pair has developed a break in the wires ! Sound only enters through the wire for the left earbud . Since this was the replacement pair , I do n't expect that Etymotic will replace an additional pair . I am very disappointed . This stinks !
 I purchased a set of Etymotic ER6i earphones a few years ago.The Good
 My first set after a fair amount of use gave up . Because the sound quality and sound isolation is good I bought a second set . After very little use they quit working . They ca n't be fixed , even by the manufacturer , and the warranty is useless . Replacing the filters is also a hassle and expensive . Not recommended when there are so many other choices out there . I feel like I wasted $ 80.00 .
 I just loved the Etymotic ER-6i - while it worked . However my first ordered earphone left side 's volume reduced about 90 % less after about 2 weeks usage . Though I tried to clean and change the filter , it did not help . Because I really loved the sound quality and noise reduction level -LRB- i am a gardener and I am using very noisy machines -RRB- I ordered at once another pair of earphones . Unfortunately the second one took only 1 day . In the second day morning I realized , the left ear bud just quitting to work like the first one , only the sound level went down `` only '' about 60 % -70 % . After that I suspect this is a common problem with the ER-6i -LRB- Possibly that is the reason to sell for less on Amazon -RRB- I sent an e-mail to Etymotic and waiting for answer about exchange the defective items . I hope they know about the problem and solved it already .
 These headphones are decent but you should NOT buy them . First and foremost , the ER6is employ this wacky `` filter '' system . Apparently , the purpose of these tiny pieces of plastic is to keep out ear wax and improve the sound of the earphones . The thing is , regardless of how often you clean your ears , these filters just do n't last too long . So you 're forced to purchase new filters . And they 're $ 15 + shipping for 3 pairs , which you can only buy from Etymotic.It 's the classic razor/blade scheme . Lure you in with relatively inexpensive headphones -LRB- the razor -RRB- and then force you to periodically purchase filters -LRB- the blade -RRB- so you can keep listening . You pay more in the long run.And no , not using the filters is n't an option unless you like your music to sound as if it 's been playing via a tin can.Lastly , a minor point
 Beware that you must pay thru the nose for filters which need frequent replacment . See for yourself , dont expect to get them from anyone but etymotic . Pay exoberant post cost
 I got these earbuds from Amazon as I 've already been spoiled by Sony MDR-EX71SL 's . Well since I did n't have the Sony anymore . . I needed a pair and this time I decided to go a step up.These earbuds are not worth the money I paid for them.They work GREAT in blocking out outside sound if you insert them properly . There is NO question of them ` falling out ' of your ears -LRB- they 're in-canal earphones please ! -RRB- The sound quality though does NOT deliver.People say there 's no or very less bass - and that 's true . The bass is DEFINITELY lacking . I 've tried these for the past 3 days and have tried using each kind of tip . Have inserted them so far up my ears I was afraid they 'd get entangled with each other when they meet inside my head . Result being - External sound blocking is EXCELLENT ! No questions about that . The BASS response is MINIMAL at best.The sound overall is not the cleanest either . I can get this kind of sound from any $ 10 earbuds . The only advantage THESE give me is that they seal out the noise from outside.I am not an earbud-expert . The only other in-canal earbuds I 've tried are the Sony MDR-EX71SL . THOSE earbuds sound much MUCH better!Accepted - they do n't do AS good a job of sealing your ear as the Etymotic 6i Isolators , but they can produce MUSIC ! The bass response is EXCELLENT -LRB- a TEENSY bit over the top sometimes -RRB- . Overall sound is a LOT cleaner than the Isolators . Even if the price of Etymotic 6i Isolators and the Sony MDR 's were swapped ... i 'd go for the Sony 's . I 'm not the most eclectic person when it comes to music , but I dont really listen to heavy metal or hard rock . Even so - One thing I found is - Bass MATTERS ! I read the reviews before buying 6i 's and they said the bass response was n't THAT great , but I figured how much of a difference would they make anyway ? I thought they 'd still deliver decent bass . . they 're $ 70 earbuds for crying out loud!but they do n't ! and the sound is not so clean either.That kills them .
 I am not an audio equipment aficionado . On the other hand , when I pay close to a hundred dollars for a pair of earbuds , I expect them to deliver a reference-quality sound . According to the package label , these headphones are supposed to provide -LRB- a -RRB- superior sound isolation and -LRB- b -RRB- `` higher sound output and increased bass compared to the original ER-6 earphones . '' Well , I can only imagine how bad the ER-6 must be , given the disappointingly thin sound that my Isolator 6i model produces . To test the manufacturer 's claims and verify my findings , I compared these headphones with Sony MDR-EX71 , Sennheiser EH-350 , and Sennheiser MX300 earbuds . In my humble opinion , the Sony earbuds -LRB- sold for about $ 30 -RRB- fared as well , if not better , as the Isolator 6i pair in the `` ultimate sound isolation test , '' which I conducted during the morning rush hour on multiple New York City subway trains . In addition , the bass level of the Isolator 6i headphones was significantly lower than that of all three other headphones I used for comparison . An earlier reviewer has mentioned that adding an amplifier might help . Perhaps , but I would rather not pay hundreds of dollars for the extra high-tech micro-gadgetry to achieve an output comparable with that of the $ 8 Sennheiser MX300 earbuds .
 I purchased the ER6i isolated earphones to replace some Radio Shack ones for better sound quality and fit . I tried using the earphones on a Tivoli Songbook and Sony mini radio . I found the quality of the ER6i to be very shrill , thin and without any bass . Not near the quality of the Radio Shack . The fit was fine . I do n't believe they sounded that way because I was using them on something other than an Ipod . The best part though was the little clip on the cord . Amazon was no problem on returning them .
 I 'd barely used them a few months and one side suddenly cut out -- nothing to do about it . Warranty was no good anymore , customer service useless . Expensive product for crap quality and average sound . I would never recommend these to anyone .
 Etymotics made a fantastic sounding pair of headphones . I bought mine several years ago . Last year however , one of the channels started to cut out , so i sent it back to etymotics and despite being out of warranty they sent me a new pair . This new pair was great ... until it too broke . I checked on several audiophile forums and this appears to be a design flaw with the ER-6i 's , there is essentially nothing protecting the soldered connections , so natural wear eventually will cause them to fail prematurely . This time when I called Etymotics they told me that I would be able to buy a new pair for the discounted price of $ 75 ... the price of a new pair on Amazon . Thanks but no thanks , I 'd prefer to spend my money on a quality set that will last more than a 12 months .
 This is my first Etymotic . I have 2 others in ear headphones that , for me , sounds better than this ER6i , one is a Creative that came with my Zen X-Fi and other is a Razer M100 . Was sincerely expecting more from this specialy considering the price ...
 I had to return these earphones because they lacked bass output . I am no audiophile but it was clear that these earphones lacked bass . The earphones that came with my old Sony Walkman were much better than these .
 After going back and forth on whether to upgrade my $ 20 Sony earbuds with over-the-ear hooks , I decided this was a terrific deal . I read the different reviews , both good and bad , and clicked the order button.BAD MISTAKE ! When these arrived I quickly opened them up and hooked them up to my iPod Nano . Upon starting the first song , I thought something was wrong . Anytime there was any bass in the song , it was like I was listening to a 64kbs streaming audio file on the web , when in fact it was a rip of a CD at 192kbs . Absolutely atrocious sound anytime there is a hint of bass . Even after changing to different ear flanges and changing the `` filters '' , nothing helped . Sent back and using my $ 20 Sony 's again.Boo on these . Boo !
 I live in nyc so I am constantly doing something with my IPod - the problems that I noticed in the 30 minutes that it took me to get from JR to my apt I noticed these problems : The input plug goes straight in so it can catch on anything in your pocket ; The wires feel very fragile ; The soft case has a small zip open at the top so I guess you are supposed to carefully wind them then carefully place them in the case - that just does n't happen in a busy city.Requests to improve product - place plug at right angle ; Stronger wires and a HARD case that is easy to use on the fly .
 The iPod earbuds do not fit my ears at all , so I was looking forward to receiving my ER6i 's for the airtight fit and comfortable looking earpieces . The flanged ends never worked for me at all -- I constantly felt like I had a head cold and could hear more inner ear pressurization noise than music . I primarily use my iPod at the gym and every time I 'd bend over to pick up a weight , my ears would pop . Not fun.The foam tips are much better , but I was still uncomfortable with the seal -LRB- but willing to live with it -RRB- . I do n't actually have to worry about it any longer , because as of this morning , the left one just quit working . I played with the wires , switched buds , tested the iPod , etc. . So , as soon as I got home from the gym , I returned them.For this kind of money , I want a pair of ear buds that feel good and last until I 'm ready to try something new . Very dissappointing . : - -LRB-
 I ordered these for my Ipod -LRB- as , I 'd assume most people who order these do -RRB- . I was looking forward to more detailed sound reproduction and extended , better controlled bass . Well , as soon as I put these in my ears and fired them up -LRB- and yes , I was sure to follow the istructions to the letter about ear insertion , etc. -RRB- I was incredibly disappointed . Overall a very `` thin '' sound ... screetchy sounding with almost no bass . I thought it was my imagination so I reinserted them in my ears and played through another 3-4 songs . Nothing changed . The only plus I could see was that they fit more comfortably in the ear than the stock earbuds which do n't really fit snuggly and always feel as if they 're about to fall out.Sonically these things are just awful . I returned them the next day . Save your money .
 These are not even worth your time . Maybe you think these would be nice bargain inear headphones but the frequency response is very poor . Not very much bass at all even with a proper seal in the ear . The biggest problem comes in the hi-mid range around 1.5 k where the upper end of vocals is just far too shrill . It makes the overall sound very thin . Not recommended for consumer grade or pro grade
 This review pertains to the ER 6 that preceded the ER 6i earphones . The first pair cost $ 120 and the second pair cost $ 99 . After I got used to them -LRB- a week or two -RRB- , I loved these earphones . I could walk along a busy street and hear just the music . As a classical music lover , I was looking for something beyond pumping out bass . I wanted to hear the complete dynamic range and these phones provided that . After about 17 months , the left phone stopped working . I thought it was a fluke and ordered a new pair.I used the new pair a few months before life got in the way . They were stored in their case and moved along with the rest of my household . Fast forward a couple years and I needed them again . Unfortunately , they no longer work work on any of my iPods.I was surprised at how many others have had the same experience . I guess if money is no object , you could just set up a subscription plan to buy a new pair every year , but I will not be purchasing this product a third time . I just wish I knew what would sound as great but last longer .
 It is hard to get a good fit , and it does n't stay in during a long walk .
 I 've used these headphones now for a solid month -LRB- I 've used them just about everyday -RRB- and I have decided that these warrant a dismal 2/5 . I really wanted to love these , but they are so underwhelming . Allow me to elaborate on these : The most -LRB- and really , only -RRB- disappointing aspect of the sound on this headphone is the huge absence of appreciable bass . I tried all types of music on these babies
 I bought these because i was looking for a different type of insert . I previously -LRB- and still -RRB- , owned a pair of Sennheiser CX 300 but the fit was less than perfect . So I was excited when I tried on the er6i 's , very comfortable . But the excitement quickly faded when I turned on my ipod , where was the bass !? Checked the fit , checked the instructions , played with equalizer settings , nothing . Bottom line
 I got the ER-6i headphones when they first came out , and was all pumped for amazing-fidelity music , whatever that meant . The sound quality was , well ... good . I mean , it really did n't blow me away or anything . It was surely a big jump up from iPod 's crappy headphones , but I ca n't remember ever getting a `` wow '' moment . Truth in advertising
 It must be because the `` plugs '' create such a seal in your ear , but I had a very hard time listening to my music above the noise created by my heartbeat and breathing . I really ca n't recommend these earphones to anyone .
 I returned the earphones because they are difficult to fit in the ear . They throw off your balance when working out and feel uncomfortable . The included soft earbuds reduce the sound clarity but are somewhat more comfortable .
 The clarity and isolation are definitely there , but if you 're a basshead like I am , do n't even think about buying this product .
 We bought these earphones because they got a great review in a PC magazine . However , they did not isolate noise at all . The intention was to use them for listening to audio books on an ipod while commuting . However the original ipod earphones did a better job . The sound quality was not good . They may be better if used just for music , but it did n't suit our needs .
 Bottom line , these things sound horrible compared to other brands of IEMs -LRB- in ear monitors -RRB- . I was completely unimpressed with the base and mid-range frequencies of these phones . I currently own 2 pairs of Shure phones and absolutely love them . Stay away from the Etymotics .
 This is one of the most disappointing purchases I have ever made . The earphones sound like crap companied to my $ 30 Sony earphones . For over one hundred dollars I expected much better , my biggest gripe is the bass or the lack of . Do your self a favor and buy something else .
 I 'll give them one star despite their quality . The overall rating of these headphones on Amazon is spuriously high . Here is what I 've found . Very good sound quality . Terrible earbuds . The flange tips are very uncomfortable , very difficult to form a adequate seal -LRB- thus dramatically reducing sound quality -RRB- , but secure in the canal . The website does have replacements , but they are relatively expensive . The foam tips that are provided are , however , Much better which salvages these headphones . Therefore , these are good headphones with a baffling design for the earbuds .
 I was disappointed with these headphones for few reasons
 First , I 'm tough on headphones . I wear them all day at work for between 8 & 13 hours . Most of the day I 'll keep one in my left ear so I can hear customers and my test equipment.Second and most important , I ca n't stand earbuds that take massive effort to get good sound . These buds ship with one rubber flange set and one foam set of earpieces . The rubber is worthless for anyone with larger ear canals . The foam does work if it 's shoved waaaaaay in . Once they expand to headache inducing size you get the bass that even the junk buds apple throws in with an ipod do . The problem is , why do I need to use rifle range earplugs just to get ok sound when other buds do it better for less than half ? Also the cord is super thin & feels really cheap . I sent thes P'sOS back & bought two sony ex71 's . In my opinion any headphone reviews with quotes like `` If you are a bass junkie , you will find the bass lean . This is difficult to say , but it 's not the headphones . It 's you . You are addicted to heavy one-note bass -LRB- it 's an epidemic - note how rental cars always have the bass at +10 -RRB- . Go cold turkey and listen with these for a week , however , and you will discover that there are actually , ahem , different bass notes . '' are for people that have n't listened to a song recorded after the death of Beethoven.Anyone listening to hip-hop , R&B ; , Electronic & most especialy Drum n Bass ... Stay Away .
 These are some of the worst earphones I have ever had . They are not just uncomfortable ... they hurt when I try to insert them in my ears . -LRB- Maybe I have small ears -RRB- The sound is so awful ... boom box quality at best.I read the reviews here and I thought these earphones would deliver high quality sound . I was wrong . Perhaps I do n't have them stuck far enough in my ear and that is why they sound so terrible . I do n't want to have to suffer so much discomfort to hear the sound `` properly '' . It is not worth it . I spent $ 129.00 and I am upset . I would have been better off buying a pair of $ 19.95 Sony earphones.I wish I could find something nice to say . I really ca n't think of anything . Sorry guys ... that is my 2 cents worth .
 I hope that I can get a refund . These ear buds have almost no bass response . Very tinny sounding . I tried everything ; different flange tips , adjusting the fit , even adjusting the eq on the iPod . Nothing worked . I compared the sound of these to two other ear buds and they sounded less than half as good but were twice the price . I had to stop using them because the sound was so irritating . Those engineers love their fancy-pants graphs but they must not test these things on human ears .
 As a musician , let me say that these earphones are not worth the money . Bass response is horrible and the phones distort at even low volumes . Pass on these .
 I bought these to replace a broken set of ipod headphones . They are terrible . They hurt my ears , and the sound is atrocious . No low end at all ! I paid 60 dollars for these ? Get a replacement pair of ipod headphones instead .
 My wife thought I was dumb for paying almost $ 100 for these about a year ago . Turns out she was right.They finally failed on me due to a weak connection of the wire to the headphone jack . The dual wires on these are thin and easy to damage . They definitely isolate sound -LRB- like any in-ear device -RRB- but the sound lacked significant bass extension in my opinion . There is also a filter inside that frequently gets clogged - easily replaced for $ 20 or so -LRB- seriously ? -RRB- . I recently got some SkullCandy ear buds for just over $ 10 and they sound much nicer , have better construction , and a microphone -LRB- good for the iPhone -RRB- . If you are an audio snob and have to wear the high end stuff , then these are for you . As long as you can live with mediocre sound , flimsy wires , and you are prepared for them to fail at some point .
 Upon the recommendation of a co-worker , I purchased the Etymotic ER6i earphones about a year ago . Initially , I was very pleased , as the sound quality was superb and the earphones where really comfortable to wear , even for an extended period of time . However , after several months of use , the right earphone stopped working all-together and a few months after that , the left earphone started to break in and out . For a product priced as this , one would expect better reliability than several months of use before it stops working properly . Not to mention , the expensive filters that seem to require constant replacement/cleaning . Overall , I would say that I am rather dissatisfied with this purchase and will be looking at cheaper alternatives in the future .
 Edited to add -LRB- 11/17/11 -RRB- : Silicon tips have grown worse . They slip off very easily now . I even did try Superglue , but it did n't work . -LRB- I actually did n't expect it to , as Superglue is n't very good with plastics , and I 'd expect the same with silicon . -RRB- I 've developed a `` technique '' for getting them out of my ear , but it 's only a matter of time until they become completely useless . Despite all the plusses , I would have to recommend against purchasing this item . -LRB- `` Stars '' went from 4 to 2 with this update . -RRB- Further , I did contact Etymotic on their website . I have heard nothing back.Plus : * Excellent noise reduction * Comfortable * Long cord - can keep iPod in pocket when walking , riding motorcycle , etc. * Strong cord - kevlar reinforced , not worried -LRB- too much -RRB- about breaking * Decent sound quality -LRB- to my 52-year-old years anyway , YMMV -RRB- Minus : * Silicon tips have a tendancy to come off in my ear , may need to try superglue -LRB- this is the reason for the `` 3 '' in comfort quality , NOT because they were uncomfortable to wear -RRB-
 As a boomer musician , I 've decided to take the plunge to in-ear monitors to protect what little hearing I have left . For earbuds , I wanted something relatively inexpensive , yet with a good frequency response . I also needed earbuds I could remove and reinsert easily , but -LRB- vanity -RRB- did n't want huge black things sticking in -LRB- or hanging out of -RRB- my ears , ala Shure , Skull Candy , Lansing , Sennheiser and a host of others . So here 's my summary : PROS : - EXCELLENT frequency response . Clean , tight bass . Clear mids and highs . Even with the rolloff I have in my hearing at 6KHz , I 'm hearing things in musical pieces I 've never heard before . - Excellent noise isolation . At least 33 dB , maybe more . I wear these as earplugs mowing the grass -LRB- with an mp3 player -RRB- - ca n't hear the mower . I use the tri-flange tips . - Nearly invisible . Small drivers , small cable.CONS : - Tips separate from the drivers much too easily . Many times I 've pulled these out of my ears , leaving the tips behind . This is a REAL pain . I carry tweezers to have my wife dig these out of my ears on breaks ! Have found that replacing the tips every 15-20 uses reduces this issue , but that gets a bit expensive . - Must make modifications to adequately serve as an IEM earbud . I wrapped the cord with a flesh-colored twist tie near the driver to give it ` memory ' so I can wrap it around the back of my ear . Also took the advice of an earlier reviewer who looped a piece of clear fishing line between the driver and the tip to prevent damage to the small wire going into the driver - there is precious little strain relief there.Bottom line - the hassles of these earbuds do n't outweigh the great frequency response and noise isolation , in my opinion ... but it 's close .
 I 've had these earphones less than 5 months and I had to return them today . The clip snapped off about a month ago , and then a few days ago the earphone cable-cover slipped out of the plug housing , exposing the raw wires.Oh , and another real annoyance -- though not one that would 've made me return them -- was that the buds do n't attach firmly to their mounts , so after a while , when I 'd pull the earphones out of my ears , one or the other of the buds would remain jammed in an ear . I had to keep a pair of tweezers in my locker , in case this happened while I was at the gym.I bought the equivalent pair of Etymotic 's 5-6 years ago , and they were MUCH better quality back then . -LRB- None of the three problems I described occurred , they 're obviously not making them as well as they used to . -RRB-
 The very thin wires and the poorly designed grip system for removing the phones from your ears add up to a poor quality experience . Yes , these phones sound good for the money and they isolate reasonably well , but do n't expect them to last long .
 I love these headphones and have been using them daily since my purchase three months ago -LRB- I prefer the foam tips -RRB- , however I just noticed that the plastic near the base has split and the wires are exposed . They still sound fantastic , but I 'm concerned that they may be ready to let go . I 've contacted Etymotic twice now with no response , and since the item is under warranty for a full year , I 'm hoping to get them replaced . At the moment I 've got to leave a poor rating as the customer service has been non-responsive , but assuming they ever respond to my request I will adjust my review accordingly.UPDATE : My feeelings about their customer service are based on a few things.First , I did n't receive an email response to my issue , even after 3 days.Second , when I called their customer service number , I was left on hold for 40 minutes , the whole time being told there was one call ahead of me . My call was placed twenty minutes before the end of their business day , but it seems even if you are on hold before the end of their day , they do n't necessarily take your call . I called them again the following day , was given an RMA number , and was told I would receive an email with the details of how to make my return . The email never came . I was left with an RMA number and no address to mail the item to.I called them again on Monday of last week and spoke to a person who gave me the information I needed , and while I did write it down an email follow-up would have been nice , given the problems I 've been having.Today I received tracking information for what I can only hope is a replacement item , but again - no other contact from them stating that yes , they are replacing it , or no , they are returning the original item.I can see from the enthusiastic responses to my review that other people have had nothing but miraculous customer service experiences , so hopefully this is a fluke . That does n't change my circumstances , however , and as much as I absolutely love these headphones , I have found the customer service to be a bit underwhelming.ANOTHER UPDATE : I did get a replacement pair , and sadly they only lasted a month before the same problems occurred
 Poor reliability . The wires broke three times at the same spot - where it enters the plug . Each time I sent it back , customer support sent me a new pair . Great customer support for a poorly-designed product . The filter nonsense quickly got old . First one filter got clogged , then the other . When I ran out of the extra filters provided , I finally pulled out the filters entirely . That actually worked fine so you have to wonder what the point of the design of the filters are .
 ***** Update Jan 16 , 2006 ***** Please read my original review below about the fragility of the product - the wires connecting to the stereo plug got loose after 10 months.I contacted Etymotic for service , and heard from them after 3/4 days of presistent nagging over email . They asked me to send my set to them , which I did promptly on Jan 9 , 2006 . Today - exactly 1 week from the date - I got back a NEW pair of earphones from Etymotic , at no cost to myself . Therefore I would rate their customer service very highly - prompt , courteous and satisfying.As for the sound quality , it is really amazing . I listen mostly to classical music and can make out the minutest detail even at medium-to-low volumes . The external sounds are also muted , if not totally blocked out . I use the earphones with the flanged eartips , which is initially uncomfortable but I got used to them very soon.Based on the sound quality and customer service , I would strongly recommend this set , but just be aware that the earphone stereo plug < - > wire connectors might be fragile . ***** Original review -LRB- edited on Jan 16 , 2006 -RRB- ***** I bought my ER-6i in Feb 2005 -LRB- when it was much more expensive -RRB- , and used it all these months with my iPod . I am a student tech geek with a limited budget , and hence take extremely good care of my pricey gadgets.The sound quality of the ER-6i is definitely vastly superior to the Apple-supplied iPod earbuds -LRB- which are junk anyway -RRB- , BUT : The left earphone stopped working a week back - and its been only 10 months !! I have made sure the problem is not with the iPod -LRB- have tested with other earphones/headphones -RRB- . You would expect that earphones this pricey will have a longer lifespan , right?Now I am not sure what to do - throw these expensive earphones away and buy a new pair , or keep trying to get them repaired , hoping Etymotic will help ?
 I 'd read a number of reviews before choosing the ER6i and so was prepared for some amount of one-time work to get it all right -- particularly in terms of fit and learning how to install -- but in the end could not get it to produce $ 85 in improvement over stock iPod phones.Most frustrating was that , in changing over to the foam buds , one of the filters -- which the instructions clearly state can not be reused after removal -- simply fell out . Of course I reused it because I was n't prepared to buy a new filter while I was still trialing the thing , which for the benefit of you strong ER6i advocates I 'll admit may have had some impact on my view on performance -- although I strongly suspect it was fine to replace the filter and its more true that Etymotic gives that warning because they do n't want people to run them thru the diswasher rather than replace them when needed ; - -RRB- Bottom line is that my experience -- poor fit and inadequate performance -- is similar enough to a number of users that regardless of advocates ' reviews it 's clear the product needs some work before it can extend its market appeal . -LRB- Finally , I actually found a noticeable improvement in stock iPod phones when I bought new thicker foam covers ; they stay put in the ear better and am convinced the compression of the thicker foam goes a long way to keep out more external sound . -RRB-
 These sound great and I like the way they isolate outside sounds BUT I have had TWO pairs fail where the wire has came loose in the earbud . Both pairs lasted less than 6 months . Many people have had the same problem and the company will not do a replacement . Stay away .
 I experienced a partial break in one of the wires : tough luck , buy new pair . Let customer support speak for themselves - Due to the design and manufacture , the ER6i earphones can not be repaired . The image below does not warrant a warranty replacement . The only option is to purchase new . You may search on-line and purchase from an authorized Etymotic reseller or purchase new through our Special Purchase Option Program , but this will require that you return your ER6i earphones -LRB- $ 76 , plus $ 6.00 UPS Grnd . shipping charge -RRB- . If you wish to purchase new from Etymotic , please contact Customer Service at 888-389-6684 . We will set-up a return number for you and obtain your cc details . We accept Visa , MasterCard or Discover.Regards , Customer ServiceEtymotic Research , Inc. 61 Martin LaneElk Grove Village , IL 60007
 I was happy with this pair until it stopped working after 1.5 yrs or so . Wiring seems to be of poor quality.Also , cord gets tangled too easily , compared to iphone earbuds or even other headphones.Overall , not worth spending the $ 75 .
 After 3 months of use , one of the earphones stopped delivering sound . I sent the set into customer service -LRB- overseas for me -RRB- , and I was told that the Y connection was loose , however this was n't covered by the warranty , however I could have a new pair for $ 74 . I treated them very well , through normal use . Would suggest something more durable .
 I was expecting something really great , but when I tried them out , it was worse than the generic ear phones that came with my Zune . The sound was very tinny and far away sounding . Maybe it works for other people , but it did n't for me . I bought some Bose in the ear ones afterwards and they sound great .
 The title should say it all , but I 'll elaborate a little . I also bought a pair of Shure E3c earphones and a pair of Etymotic ER-4P earphones . I tried the E3c pair first and was impressed . I fly a lot and mainly needed to block sound , but wanted good sound reproduction as well.On the return flight I tried the ER6i set , and the best word to describe the experience was `` offensive . '' The sound-blocking capabilities were weak -LRB- at best -RRB- , and the reproduction was , again , offensive.It 's possible that I needed a better fit or some adjustment , but my feeling was that since I had a pair that did n't require adjustment -LRB- and much less maintenance over time -RRB- , it was n't worth wasting my time.The other thing that likely would have sold me on the E3c 's versus the ER6i 's - had the sound blocking and reproduction been equal - was that the Shure set came with a very nice round , zip-up hard case that allows you to wrap the cord around , whereas the Etymotic set came with a dumpy little pouch that required you to stuff the already flimsy wires of the headphones into it , leaving no hope of retrieving them later free of knots.As a side note , I did n't even open the ER-4P package , so I can not speak to the fit , sound blocking or sound quality -LRB- though I 've read they are amazing earphones -RRB- . But since they were from the same company and had a similar ear flange that I did n't like with the ER6i 's , I felt that , because I was happy with the E3c pair , the chances that I 'd feel $ 150 happier with the ER-4P pair did n't seem likely .
 I bought these after my Apple Earbuds stopped working , and after reading many positive reviews I had high expectations . After the bass heavy muffled output from my Apple Earbuds , the ER6i 's were a bit of a shock , much better treble and midrange , but virtually non existent bass , I mean almost none . I tried adjusting the EQ settings on my Ipod Touch to Bass Booster but this resulted in distortion at very moderate volumes . I 'm not a bass head by any means , but I expected a lot better from these particularly when it says ` Enhance bass response ' on the box .
 I frankly hear very little improvement over the run-of-the-mill earbuds . At 76 bucks or so I expected a significant difference . Probably my hearing is n't good enuf to appreciate the quality these buds are supposed to represent . I still prefer my ancient over-the-head tiny-bud set i got with my 1980 's sony tape walkman . They stay on while I walk and the sound is acceptable.gm
 After reading other reviews for the Etymotic ER6i I purchased it for use on long overseas airline flights . Before my last trip I tested the new ear buds with my Ipod Nano . I was shocked with the poor quality of the sound . The sound reminded me of the very tinny sounds from a 1910 home built wire crystal radio . I tried each of the removable ear pieces with no improvement . Obviously I wasted the cost of these ear buds and I have returned to using the Apple ear buds that came with my Nano .
 I purchased these headphones to use with an iPod . I am often in noisy environments and found that the standard iPod earbuds let through too much ambient noise , so that I had to turn up the volume to potentially damaging levels to hear . The Etymotics , properly inserted , both sounded good and substantially reduced the ambient noise.HOWEVER , their construction is poor . I have had 3 pairs - the first I purchased , the second were a warranty replacement after the first pair broke , and the third pair were purchased after the second pair also broke . Now the third pair has also broken . In each case , the wires attached to the 3.5 mm audio plug loosened so that one channel of audio was lost . I see other reviewers have had the same problem . With all of them , the shirt clip broke as well .
 I received the Etymotic 6is from Amazon today and was really excited to get them . I am using them with my Ipod Touch . But when compared with my Ipod earbuds ... they sound terrible . They only come with 2 earpieces -LRB- the long flang type -LRB- you better have a long ear canal -RRB- and the foam type . Yes there are other tips you can get ... but you have to buy those `` extra '' . Plus I noticed that these need `` filters '' that cost $ 15 to replace -LRB- what ?? ... no thank you , if I paid this much it should last -RRB- . I was expecting good sound and ok Bass given some of the complaints I saw on these reviews . What I got was painful ear buds , tin-like sound and no bass . It would be uncomfortable to wear these for more than 10 minutes since the triple flang tips are so long and go dangerously deep into your ears . When people say no bass and mids were missing , it is WORSE than apple earbuds which come with my ipod touch . Why pay to get worse sound?Instructions said to wet the tips and twist into your ears to get Bass . I 'm sorry but if I have to do a `` procedure '' to get good sound , then these things are not worth it.Take my warning ... do n't get these . Maybe there is a break in period , but if they do n't sound and feel good right out of the box . . I 'm done.Keep your money and check out other earbuds out there . I hear that Ultimate ears 5 pros and Shures E4c are much better . I am going to try the UE 's and let you know ... soon .
 Absolute waste of money . Uncomfortable , with the worst sound of any earphone/headphone that I 've ever used . I tried every eartip with no success . Manufacturer ignored my email . Stick with the Apple iPod earbuds or buy something cheap from a local store .
 I was very disappointed - I based my purchase on the iLounge 2007 buyers guide , but they did not live up to any of my expectations ! I have an iPod Nano -LRB- 2nd-Gen -RRB- , so I needed something good for working-out , cycling and skiing - these are not what I had hoped for . They have NO bass and would not stay in my ears , no matter what size tips I used . You have to REALLY jam them into your ears so they 're not comfortable . Also , the cords are super thin and look like they 'd wear out quickly.However , I am happy to report that Amazon was great on the return.FYI
 One thing that drives me crazy is when so-called audiophiles claim that these Etymotic headphones may sound bad to your untrained and ignorant ears , but actually they 're superior because they 're playing the music as the musicians intended , rather than with massive bass as your ignorant tastes have mistakenly preferred all these years . That 's complete B.S. No musician writes , performs and records music for playback through a 2-millimeter driver element stuck in your ear . Have you ever seen a live show ? Last I checked , real musicians play music through massive PA systems that have massive subwoofers , with tons of deep bass designed to make you * feel * it . No , really , they do . Go check out any live show if you do n't believe me . If I ever actually heard a live performance sound as anemic as these earphones , I 'd wonder what airless planet I 'd suddenly been transported to.The main job of a set of earphones should be to make you forget , in so far as it 's possible , that you are not in fact listening to music through ultra-tiny little speakers stuck in your ear.Given that , these earphones were a horrible failure . I just returned mine to Amazon today . They were n't a comfortable fit , the bass response is virtually non-existent , and they really did n't block any more sound than my trusty Sony MDR-EX51LP 's . In fact , the Sony MDR-EX51LP sound better , have a more comfortable fit , block more outside noise , and have kickass bass , for about 1/4 the price.Sorry , but earbuds really DO need bass . Sure , most MP3 players have an equalizer , but by boosting the sound digitally at that stage , you 're almost guaranteed to have distortion . Better to have earbuds that have a little bass to begin with.I ca n't tell you how disappointed I was . How can something that costs four times as much as other good stuff be even worse?You 'll be returning yours , too , if you ignore my advice . Get the Sony MDR-EX51LP 's instead , would be my recommendation . Get anything but these overpriced , uncomfortable underperformers .
 I have had an ipod for four years and have had always purchased sony headphones . Unfortunately , my puppy has found ways of finding my headsets . I thought buying the ER6i Isolator headphones would have been more superb than my previous sony . How wrong was I . The bass is painful , the filter replacement is complicated and will be misplaced when needed . The wire is too long and in the way while working out.As for Amazon , this is my first buy and my last . This product took 2 weeks for delivery and was falsely advertised for its delivery time.Do not waste your time !
 This is the second pair that I 've purchased , one for my wife one for myself . We 've tried all types of earphones over the years even the high dollar custom type , the ER6i out perform any of them . We 're motorcyclists and use them in conjunction with our XM radio 's , perfect combination .
 I expected more from these earphones . You literally have to jam them in your ears to get the right sound . Why ca n't someone make a decent earphone ???
 The reviews here sound so wonderful , if only the earphones matched!I simply do n't get what everyone else is talking about . These are just wretched ; clear , I suppose , but no bass at all . -LRB- zero ! -RRB- I much prefer the originals that came with the iPod . Buy 4 of those instead.They were a gift at christmas and so the return window timed out . Thtat 's a whole LOT of cash to be wasting .2.5 stars for sound quality , 1 for service .
 Bought this item based on what was represented as equal to noise cancelling headphones , and find I am disapointed in that it does not work as promised . It may be that the instructions on how to size the ear pieces , install the ear pieces itself were not very clear , so now I will go back to my other traditional headphones .
 Not for me.I like the sound of the V-Moda headphones I had before much better . These sound cheap , tinny , and have no bass.Bad purchase . I wish I could return them .
 I 've had four pairs of the ER6 phones over the past couple of years . Each time one or both of the wires has come loose , rendering them useless . The point at which the wire is connected to the headphone is very flimsy . No strain relief or other reinforcement . The wire seems to run underneath a piece of soft rubber wrapped around the whole earpiece and straight into the tiny speaker . I 've tried to treat them delicately , eliminating activities I use them with each time -- exercising , walking , resting in bed , on the airplane , etc. . I just went through my 4th pair and I 'm not sure what I can do to prevent the problem -- maybe sit still in a chair.I also have a pair of the Shure E2c 's , but they 're too bulky and do n't isolate sound nearly as well . They 're very durable though , so I use them for exercising . I 'm happy to see that others are starting to make this type of earphone . Perhaps I 'll try Ultimate Ears next . I wish Etymotic would address this small flaw to an otherwise excellent set of earphones.Until then , I would only recommend the ER6 's if you plan to use them while sitting very still .
 I was excited to compare these in-ear headphones to other such as vmoda and Bose . I was very disappointed in the ER6i headphones , they had absolutely NO BASS . Hopefully this pair was defective because I have always heard good things about the Etymotic headphones .
 I purchased a set of ER6i in July and after three months the internal wires are now exposed at the plug . The black external casing at the joint with the plug has broken . This is a disappointment . I sent an email to Etymotic inquiring about a warranty replacement . I could not find warranty replacement information on Amazon even though I purchased from Amazon LLC .
 The problem I have with these is that the rubber flanges , over time , will get to a point where they will not stay on the earphones . When I first got these , I used the smaller opaque flanges . After a few months , it got to the point where every time I took the phones out of my ear , the flanges would be left in my ears . Eventually I just threw them away and started using the bigger gray ones . Now that it 's been a few months of using the bigger flanges and they 're doing the same thing . They just do n't want to stay on . It would n't be such a big deal if Etymonic did n't want ten bucks for replacement flanges.I think -LRB- but I 'm not sure -RRB- the looseness of the flanges is a function of how often you take the flanges out . I think I may have taken the smaller opaque ones more often , which resulted in them getting loose a lot quicker than the bigger ones.I do n't know if all earbuds have `` filters '' like these ones do , but it 's really annoying . There are these little plastic things that act as both an earwax blocker , as well as a sound filter . When they get clogged -LRB- the volume is reduced or intermittently cuts out completely -RRB- , you have to take the filter out and replace them with a new one . I have had these phones for about a year and have had to change the filters three times . It would n't be so bad if it were n't for the fact that these little filters , which probably cost less than a cent to produce , are sold for 15 bucks for a set of 6 .
 I decided to buy these after hearing of the Etymotic brand from an article on Engadget . The flanged rubber cone ear tip design appealed to me , because I have used ear plugs like this before and found them to be very comfortable and easy to insert . The ER6i model description said that it was specifically designed for the iPod and featured enhanced bass , so I figured this was the best model for my iPhone 3GS . When I received the package with the earphones , I brought them inside from the cold and allowed them several hours to warm up to room temperature before trying them out.My first impressions when I opened the package were that the earphones looked much smaller than I had imagined they would be , and I had doubts about them fitting into my ear securely . I also thought that they looked extremely delicate , and would likely not stand up to much abuse . The cord going into the earbuds was extremely thin , and there was no reinforcement where it entered the earbuds.I found the earbuds easy to insert into my ears , and very comfortable . I knew I had gotten a good seal in my ear canal because the outside sounds became blocked out completely . Unfortunately , this is where the earbuds ' tiny size becomes an issue . At the point where I had seated the earbuds well within my ear canal , they were inserted far enough that removing them might be difficult for some people without pulling on the cord . This was something that another reviewer mentioned as well . If you have larger fingers , you may not be able to seat these into your ear far enough or retrieve them once you do . Pulling them out by the cord is not recommended , and would probably cause these earphones to fail very quickly.With the earphones seated properly within my ears , I made sure to turn down the volume on my iPod ALL THE WAY before beginning to play music . I loaded up a favorite playlist consisting of dance and trance music . The audio was very clear and crisp , and the highs and mids were excellent , without being too bright . The bass , however , was nonexistent.I really do n't consider myself to be a `` bass junkie '' at all , but for me personally , the reproduction of low end bass frequencies is important to my enjoyment of music , be it dance , trance , rock , hip-hop , jazz , etc. . These earphones simply did n't deliver at all , and I found myself wondering how the words `` enhanced bass '' made it into the description of this product . I did n't find the bass reproduction to be much better than the cheapo Apple earphones that come with the iPhone.Ultimately , the utter lack of bass and the flimsy construction quality were deal-breakers for me , and I opted to return these earphones . For the money spent , I was extremely disappointed.For those that are scouring through these reviews as I did , trying to figure out what set of earphones to purchase , here are a few other bits of insight and advice I can offer : -- Bose In-Ear Headphones
 i have bought 2 pairs of these in the last year . they have both quit working because of loose wires and i keep getting the runaround from the company about the warranty . DO NOT GIVE ANY MONEY TO THESE PEOPLE . they dont back up what they say and they are of terrible quality in the workmanship department . i cant complain about the sound though .
 Despite the glowing reviews , for the money , these headphones truly are n't worth it . Etymotic is a greedy company that has decided to apply the `` inkjet printer ink '' business approach to headphones
 First set lasted slightly less than a year , the little filters are a pain and an added -LRB- very very for what they are -RRB- expense the wiring shorted out on one side . Under warranty these were replaced within 8 months the right side shorted out I sent them back the repair department said nothing was wrong ... . Problem still existed , by the time I sent them back they were out of warranty.Sad state of affairs for such an expensive product ... I 'm done with them .
 You would think that a pair of headphones that cost almost $ 100 would last longer than a $ 10 pair , but apparently not . I 've owned the ER6i 's for only a few months now and they suddenly stopped working . No sound comes out of either earpiece except occasional sputtering . I 've taken very good care of these headphones , handling them carefully , keeping them clean , and changing the filters , but I guess that was n't good enough . I have a pair of $ 10 headphones that I bought almost 2 years ago and these still work just fine while the ER6i is totally useless after just a few months . Absolutely ridiculous .
 The headphones themselves are really very good . The clip for the cord breaks very easily and is difficult and relatively expensive to replace . But that 's something most can live with . What really irks me about these headphones is the tiny replaceable filters . After about 6 to 9 months , the filters harden and deaden the sound level very noticeably . It makes them unusable until you replace the filter . -LRB- This assumes you remember where you left the extra filters when you got the headphones 9 months ago . -RRB- This effort is rewarded with another 6 to 9 months of useability , and then they go dead again . Now you have to find someplace that actually sells this tiny part , or order them online . I think Etymotics planned this `` obsolescence '' to force customers to buy new filters all the time , and they are mildly expensive for something not much larger than a pinhead . I finally gave up and VERY CAREFULLY put holes in the filters the last time they stopped the sound . So far , so good . I will be careful that my next headphones do not have replaceable filters that can render them unusable .
 Bottom Line , I read many reviews on these and saw how many people had issues with the total lack of bass ... It is true !!! No matter what others will tell you , you have to get them in your ear just right -LRB- and with me i had to use the foam earbuds -RRB- in order to get any bass at all ... I am sending these back and going back to the stock -LRB- yuck i know -RRB- ear buds.A total disappointment !!!!!!
 These headphones are not of high sound or build quality . The bass response is terrible -LRB- yes , I have them sealed in my ear -RRB- . And I 'm not one of those `` bass guys . '' Low frequencies are essential for getting the `` soul '' of the music ; these phones are seriously lacking -LRB- anyone who argues otherwise , please look into your heart ; you know I 'm right -RRB- . What you wind up with is a scratchy , bright , unpleasant sound -LRB- and I 'm used to Sennheiser HD 590 's ... -RRB- . It may be detailed , but it does n't make for pleasant listening . In addition , if you 're planning on using these phones in an `` active '' setting , beware . The jack/cord junction gave out in my pair after about 3 months -LRB- biking -RRB- . I received a replacement under warranty -LRB- Etymotic was actually pretty good about this -RRB- , and that pair is now cutting out due to wear . For the money , you 'd think Etymotic could construct a decent cord/jack connection , but I guess not ... . All in all , I regret the purchase , though I 'm not sure if the alternatives out there are any better ... I 'll give 'em two stars cause they are at least accurate in the mid/high range .
 When we had a friend bring these to us overseas from the States , we were expecting high quality , incredible earphones that would give a new level to old music on our iPod . Unfortunately , we received something that was , to us , worthless , even though it was exorbitantly priced . The sound is very tinny , the earphones are too fragile and delicate for practical use , and none of the earphone fittings could be fitted for our ears -- they were all awkward and loose . It did not block a reasonable amount of sound and there was virtually no bass . We accessed Etymotic Research 's website , read tons of reviews and tips from Amazon , and tried everything that did n't involve taking it apart and rebuilding it from scratch , and still no improvement . We had also purchased a 15 dollar pair of earphones with much better sound quality , bass that actually exists , and a better fit . They were also much more practical and designed for the average consumer . If you 're looking for practical , good quality headphones that are not overpriced get off this page immediately and go find another pair . These earphones are not worth your time and money .
 Do a good job of isolating sound but they are poorly made . The wire to the ears is extremely thin . One ear went out after only several months of normal use .
 I have had these for about six months , once they are seated correctly the sound quality is phenomenal . Outside noise is isolated as good as it can be for an in-ear model , bass is clear and distinct , mids are there , highs are n't too brightBe careful with how far in you put them . In order to get the best sound they need to go in FAR . The problem is if you have larger ear canals , and they go in too far , the rubber tip can become stuck in your ear canal . In my case the seal was too tight and when I removed the earbud by pulling on it -LRB- not the wire -RRB- the rubber tip was still lodged in my ear canal . I had to go to the hospital and have it removed by a specialist !
 The wires on these headphones get disconnected after awhile and you loose sound in the earphone . This is the second set for this to happen to me after I returned the first ones for warranty issues . Maybe the case that comes with the earphones pulls the wires out ? The wires should be designed so that they do n't go bad . Be warned .
 These headphones are good at blocking ambient noise and I use them in a busy office . However , the sound quality is lacking . There is a definite lack of bass and the mids and highs have a very tinny sound . Although the mids and highs are crisper , there is a lack of `` warmth '' in the sound . This may be due to a lack of bass . I 'd like to note that I use these headphones with an Ipod .
 I had these less than a month , and while happy with the sound , they constantly , like other reviewers , forced my Ipod into pause mode . Also the right headphones gave out completely due to a short in the jack . Less than a month ! Come on !
 I bought these earphones about a year and a half ago and loved them , probably more than any of you five stars . I reccomended these to everyone I knew who had any interest in sound beyond Sony . After about three months of use the left driver failed . My use was strict to the iPod while sitting , sometimes while walking to another place to sit . Etymotic was great about getting me a new pair after I phoned in the issue , I had to pay shipping , but for my favorite posession , why not ? Between that point and now I sent in the replacement earphones because the left driver failed . Seeing a pattern ? Now , after only ten sittings , ranging from thirty minutes to three-hours per sitting , my left driver has failed again . My advice to you , the consumer , do not purchase these ! They simply stink . They are fragile to the point where even if they were unused , and left in the original package , you could not insure that they are still working .
 The sound quality is below average . Isolation does n't work as good as the said . The wire is very thin and I doubt it will be broken at any time . While I was in the long time flight -LRB- more than 10 hours from US to Asian -RRB- , this headphone did not work better than the headphone provided by the airline .
 As I was planning to take a nice long motorcycle ride I figured it was time to invest in some decent ear buds so I could listen to music along the way rather than just road noise.I did quite a bit of research on the Internet ... Motorcycle touring forums , these very Amazon reviews , many many different sites on the subject . It came down to the Etymotics and the Shure E2cs . After reading and re-reading many different reviews , the Etymotics won me over.As soon as they arrived , I popped them in my ears -LRB- yes , the recommended way -RRB- and plugged them directly into iTunes on my computer.What an incredible let down . Perhaps it 's my music background -LRB- musician for over 20 years -RRB- , but I 'm fairly certain I did n't hear a lick of bass response from the Etymotics . I mean nothing . I made sure to get a good seal in the ear as recommended and tried several different genres of music - rock , rap , jazz , you name it . There is literally little to no bass response with these ear buds . I then tried different tips to make sure I was getting the best seal possible . Nothing . I then gave them to my wife and asked her to call me a liar . She plugged them into her iPod and agreed 100 % . No bass.Bottom line - as others have said here - maybe it 's just the `` build '' of my ears , but these things have no bottom end at all.As a side note , I sent them back to Amazon just hoping they would at least give me a partial refund . In other words , I was so disappointed , I was willing to take a loss on this transaction . -LRB- They refunded 100 % - Thanks Amazon ! -RRB- . I then purchased the Shure E2c set and was immediately happier . There 's bass response ! Not to mention they simply seem much more sturdy.Just make sure these are the ear buds you really want for good reason before purchasing . I just do n't get the great reviews .
 I never used an in-ear headphone before and was excited to try , expecting ultimate sound experience and total silence.Now , I am not an audiophile and I am VERY pleased with all my headphones -LRB- Koss PortaPro , AKG K26PandSennheiser PX100 -RRB- , however , nothing prepared me to the horrible sound of these.It sounded tinny , it was unpleasant inside my ear and the bass was completely lacking . Maybe my ears are wrong or something but I found the experience really unpleasing.I 'll stick to open/closed headphones from now on .
 The earbud have poor bass sound reproduction . Fit into the ear is poor . I 've used other Sony and v-mode earbuds of similar design that cost half , sounded a lot better at all sound frequency ranges and fit much better . I had to return the buds because they where so unacceptable , I do n't do that very often.Beware , sorry for the bad review , but these are unacceptable earbuds in both sound and fit .
 These are the worst sounding earphones I have ever heard . The sound is so irritating I ca n't use them . I tried them with my Ipod , 2 phones , & my Stiletto 2 . This was the biggest waste of 60.00 .
 I was expecting great things from this set of rather expensive earphones.Their high end performance is quite good.The bass performance is somewhere between very bad to non-exitant even when adding equalizer boost , STAY AWAY FROM THIS MODEL !!
 I was very disappointed with the sound quality of these buds . There is very little bass . I also have the Klipsch image S4 earphones which costed about the same but sound much better . I am going to try to return these .
 I 've given these a try for the past couple of weeks and am disappointed . There 's only very weak bass . I have a good seal on my ears -LRB- custom molds and everything -RRB- . They just kinda stink . And the plastic piece on the rear of the right bud has a gap between it and the rest of the housing , allowing what looks like an ear hair or an eyelash to get inside.The sound on my Shure SE110s was noticeably better .
 First impressions were good - very small and excellent sound . Isolation rivals some more active systems I could mow the lawn and listen to awesome sound with just a faint rumble in the background . After about 1 month of light use the flexible plastic at the jack split . 2 months later the jack was hanging lose from a completely split joint . Managed to limp by on this for about a year , wires finally shorted and now dead to the world . These were great while they lasted . Got a sum total of ZERO response from customer service , I will never buy from them again .
 I 've given these a fair try and tried every possible permutation of eartip style.I know how to use earplugs because I use them for sleeping . I also have excellent hearing and do NOT enjoy a booming bass in my music.No matter what I do , the best I can get out of these is a mediocre , and shrill sound performance . Even when there IS some bass , the mid range is ` flat ' and high ranges are harsh , where the same source played through speakers or other external headphones sounds much better.Could be a matter of ear canal shape/size , but at best , buying these will be a gamble for anyone . Be prepared for the trouble of returning them .
 ... due to the light bass . I am not a bass head , so I was n't too concerned about the reviews from others about the lack of bass . But this set of earphones was good for only one thing for me when I tried it out
 I returned the Etymotic Research ER6i Isolator Earphones because they have to be jammed deep in your ears to work properly . That effectively makes them earplugs too!icky feeling !
 After reading all the reviews and thinking the quality of the sound would be great I purchased these earbuds . Unfortunately , less expensive one 's I found have better sound quality . Yet , they do stay in the canal of the ear well and are nice for running or active sports . If you are looking for great sound quality keep searching , these are not it . Sorry , would rather pick up another pair of $ 20 Sony Earbuds like I already own and save the difference .
 What a piece of junk !!! $ 20 sony 's are superior . Honestly I was expecting something very good but these were just were too nasaling giving off nothing but highs void of any bass . I spent a bit more and got some Shure 's . Much superior in total range and much more true in sound . God I was really blown away with how big of a pile of junk these ended up performing .
 If you like the sound of good quality bookshelf speakers - with the woofers removed - you 'll love the ER6i 's . There 's a whole ritual involved in getting them inserted correctly -LRB- the casual observer might think you 're having a seizure -RRB- and even the slightest difference in the way they 're inserted causes significant changes in the sound , which goes from thin to thinner . Etymotic claims audiophile pleasing accuracy , but I do n't consider it accurate when you completely chop off the whole lower end of the audio spectrum.The wires russling against your clothing cause an distractingly loud noise in your ears as well.I bought the Ultimate Ears SuperFi 5 earphones a few weeks after giving up on the Etymotics and , even though the price of the UE 's is somewhat higher , the quality and extended range of their sound -LRB- full , deep , balanced bass , warm mids and clean highs -RRB- made it well worth it to me .
 I bought these for running . I tend to run to the beat , and the beat just is n't there . The mids and highs are great . I have adjusted all EQ settings , and still just about no bass . On a plane , I would think these would be great . Good sound isolation , not great . I just was sad to hear just about no bass . I have gone back to my Ipod stock headphones . Sound quality is n't as good , but at least I have bass .
 I have been through 3 pair of ER 6i earbuds from etymotic in the past 1 1/2 years . They are very fragile , require frequent replacement of the filters -LRB- any tiny amount of sweat from activity will immediately block all sound from coming through the filter -RRB- . These earbuds CAN NOT be used for running -LRB- I have tried more times than is rational because I did like the sound quality -RRB- . The wires are not solidly held into the plug pin so going jogging even a few times with them results in at least one bud cutting on and off a few times then complete silence . To be fair , Etymotic was decent about replacing them free of charge during my 1 year warranty , but I am tired of losing my tunes during long runs and having to send them back again and again .
 Product had great sound but the design made my ears sore after a short length of time . After a year , one side shorted out . Also , they are some nose made when the wires move or hit each other . Apparently it is a know issue and the upscale version uses twisted wires to each ear to reduce this effect .
 These headphones fit well , and cut out quite a bit of the surrounding sound , which is why I bought them.I was disappointed , however , in their poor reproduction of low frequencies . There was very little bass transmitted to the eardrum .
 I currently use the Bose-In Ear Headphones and love their sound , but had trouble with them staying securely in the ear without constant refitting . After reading the reviews of the Etymotic ER6i Earphones , I thought I 'd give them a try , willing to sacrifice some sound quality in hope of finding phones that would stay put.My initial disappointment was with the flimsy look and feel of the ER6i . My ultimate disappointment was with the horrible tinny and shallow sound . I was prepared for less bass response than the Bose , but not across the entire frequency range.I tried all of the tip selections , knowing that proper fit is essential , but even with the smallest tips fit deeply in the ear canal , they just did n't respond . I tried adjusting the EQ on my iPod , but nothing helped.The ER6i phones were in a box and on their way back to Amazon within an hour of receipt . Bummer .
 I followed the instructions on the included pamphlet -LRB- pulling on the top of the ear to get the canal to open properly , etc. -RRB- Tried all 3 different sizes of the flanged tips , plus the foam , and did n't find any of them tolerable for more than 10 minutes at a time . Furthermore , the bass response is utterly boring . If you like your music to have a bit of presence , and think you 're entitled to a bit of it for ~ $ 75 + S&H ; , keep looking.Finally , the isolation makes it possible for me to hear lots of things I would n't ordinarily - the sound of blood rushing through my veins , the action of my jaw if I eat while using them , my esophagus as I drink water , etc. . I would think that for the price , I 'd get a better sound experience than the whooshing sound of my own blood vessels with a topping of utterly mediocre bass.I have no idea how people can stand these . Will be asking for an RMA soon .
 These earphones were a dissappointment . I did my research on earphones and read that these earphones would be a great replacement for the ones that come with the iPod . I found they lacked bass and mids . I only heard the highs . I liked the fact they had earbuds that fit snugly in your ear . This was supposed to help block out all the surrounding noise , giving you a cleaner experience . The iPod earphones sounded better . Who knows they may have been defective for all I know , either way I would n't buy them again .
 As with a couple of other reviewers , I was very disappointed with this product . Having read several reviews of the Etymotic ER6i I was prepared to shell out the extra cash for the promise of a superior product . This is an excellent exception of the old adage that you get what you pay for . Price certainly does not guarantee quality in this particular case , however . I really do n't understand what people are hearing when they heap praise on these so-so ear buds.My main complaint is the low or non-existent bass response . A pair of Sony EX71 's are far superior in richness of bass response and at a third the cost . While bass response does improve the deeper you push the Etymotics into the ear canal , they become quite uncomfortable as a result and I can only wear them for a short period of time . The foam pads are only a slight improvement over the conical ear tips . While the ER6i 's may do an effective job at noise isolation , the just average sound quality does not justify the cost of these over-hyped earphones . Do yourself a favor and get the Sony 's .
 I purchased these headphones due to their high rating in PC Magazine . Little did I know that the bass output was non-existant ; even for earbuds . Do n't waste your money !
 I bought this product with high expecations . I read all the reviews and used it accordingly.When I tried it , it had no bass response whatsoever and the overall quality was substantially less than the Apple earphones furnished with my Ipod . Other people tried them without my comment and also thought they were distinctly inferior . In fact they were so awful that I wondered if somehow I had gotten a dud pair . I returned them for refund and Amazon was great about that . Really amazed and disappointed .
 Seriously . I had to shove these little things so far into my ear to get any sort of bass response out of them that I thought I would lose them . Fortunately the wires held and I was able to get them out . Despite the vertigo after removing them , they worked great as Q-Tips . I 've decided to return them as I do n't need a $ 70 pair of Q-Tips .
 Very disappointing ! Although I am sure I get them to seal -LRB- I hear a pop when I pull them out -RRB- there is absolutely no bass with these . I even got the Etymotic special pad kit -LRB- ask them - you get it for free -RRB- but this did not help . From what I read from other reviews they do work with some ears , but do you really want to spend this much money if there is quite a good chance that they are unusable for you ?
 thought i paid a bargain price , because of the 50 % off pricing with the good reviews on the product.but , it turns out , the product is not all it was cracked up to be.i really do n't see too much differnce in quality of the sound or the convenience for the money that i paid for.my recommendation , just get a decent regular , or , even sticking with the original ear phone that comes with most of the product that requires earphone -LRB- i-pod , mp3 players , or computers ... -RRB- , you are not missing anything.bottom lime , it 's not worth the money to pay too much money for a set of high end in-ear phone .
 I bought the white 6i based on the advice of a good friend . Initially they worked fine , then the wires got very stiff , I started getting breaking up and I got NO response from Etymotic customer service.I 'm much happier with the Sennheiser CX300 that are selling for less than $ 20 .
 I bought a pair of these a few weeks ago to replace the pair I purchased a year ago and they are not the same . Last years earphones were great , better comfort , super audio quality , I use them with a i pod nano for motorcycling and running , The new ones are terrible in comparison . A little less comfortable -LRB- there is a difference in the quality of the rubber tips -RRB- and the sound on the new replacement pair is what I would expect from a pair of $ 10.00 earbuds from Wallmart . No low frequency sound like the old pair had . I just wish I would have checked for some reviews before buying the replacements , but thought I was buying the same product as the year before and I was wrong . I would send these back but I waited to long to try them out .
 Thought I 'd treat myself to an ipod upgrade . Constant eartip and filter problems in a year . After about 2 + years one side shorted . Something this expensive should last longer and have a much better warranty .
 I did my research and the Etymotic ER6i seemed great . When I bought them they worked beautifully -- full sound and good noise reduction . But then one side quit working on me suddenly . I thought I might have handled them too roughly -- the wires are really thin and it 's tempting to pull them out by the wires . So I faulted myself and bought a new pair since I liked the sound so well . This time I was super mindful of the thin cord and carefully removed them from my ears . Nonetheless , one side quit working yet again -- this time after only six weeks ! Will not go with these again .
 I am appending my comments on another reviewer 's experience with a set of higher-end , more expensive Etymotics to this review , so that the potential buyer may beware . My feeling is that if you are going to spend $ 70 to over $ 200 on a pair of earphones for your Ipod , then you should expect to receive more satisfactory customer service from the manufacturer if something goes wrong , especially if that something has been experienced by a wide range of customers over a wide range of products . If you want more information on sound quality for these phones , just look at any of the 4 - and 5-star reviews , but know that these people are probably eventually going to experience the same quality control issues that we 1 - and 2-star reviewers have . `` I find it very interesting , and somewhat disappointing , that Etymotic seems to have a poor track record in terms of out-of-warranty earbuds just quitting on folks . I specifically notice that people most often mention that it 's the left earphone that quits , and this indeed was the case with my ER-6is . I have had them for probably three years but have ALWAYS treated them with the utmost care . I initially thought my headphone jack was bad on my Ipod , as there was static -LRB- as in a poor cable to jack connection -RRB- before the left speaker cut out altogether last week while I was on a walk . I loved the sound quality of the Etymotics but am not inclined to purchase any of their products again , especially as it seems that anyone who has attempted to get an answer as to why this is a recurrent problem has been given an extremely unsatisfactory ` stock ' response from Etymotic , basically blaming the customer for any problem with the earphones.Etymotic Research , why do n't you step up to the plate and address this problem that so many of your customers are experiencing in MULTIPLE styles of earphones manufactured by YOU ? `` Potential Etymotic customers out there
 My pair of etymotic stopped functioning after 13 months . Coincidentally Etymotics warranty period is for 1 year after purchase ... Why is this the case when companies such as Monster provide a 3 year warranty ? I contacted Etymotic hoping they would at least repair my earphones and they suggested I buy a new pair ... I 'm not going to buy another pair and I am staying away from Etymotic .
 I love the headphones , love the fit , love the sounds.But twice now , they 've gone out -LRB- the sounds stops in one of the earpieces -RRB- . Eytmotic was kind enough to replace them the first time , but now ~ 6 months later , they 're broken again . I do not mistreat them or take them out of my work office.Please , Etymotic . Make them more reliable .
 I 'm pretty much the opposite of an audiophile - but I had invested in a decent quality set of earbuds a couple of years ago from a different manufacturer and thought the benefits were well worth the money . When those recently broke I ordered these because they looked so very comfortable . I was right about part - but the sound was worse than horrible . Tinny , tinny tinny . I would not recommend these to anyone - save yourself the hassle ! I returned them and bought another set for $ 30.00 that are n't quite as comfortable , but even right out of the box -LRB- i.e. long before the 24 hour break-in period -RRB- sound great .
 These stay in my ears really well while I 'm jogging , and they do a good job of blocking out ambient sound , but the sound sucks . Just about anything on my iPod -- hiphop , rock , classical -- sounds like it 's on tiny laptop speakers . Disappointing after spending all that money !
 Thse IEM sound very good , very accurate , good tonal balance.They block out noise as advertised . The company is very helpful at letting you try different tips , so that you can find out what is most comfortable for you . They must get a good seal for you toget any bass and get good noise rejection.The only downside if you use these dayly is the expensive filters and ear tips.I dont use them alot , they are mainly for trips , and mowing the grass.In thse uses they block the noise without having to turn up the volume to ear damaging levels!I rate them as a 4 because of the associated cost of the tips and filters $ 15 a set ! . The company really needs to reduce the prices on these items .
 I thought i would like to invest in a nice set of ear buds to use almost everyday at the gym . I was quite excited when I first got these but it did n't take me long to realize that these earbuds were a pain to live with , the standerd rubber tips are quite long and to get the full range of the sound these headphones produce , the must be pushed deep into the ear . This becomes very uncomfortable in about a half hour of listening . One of the reasons they sound good is that being so deep in the ear they block all other sounds . These are not the type of product you want to be pulling in and out of your ear because doing so is laborious and can be uncomfortable . Another thing is when you do pull them out , unless your ears have been cleaned in the past hour they will be loaded with lot of nasty earwax yuk ! Needless to say they can not be shared . When i wanted to show off the quality of the sound they produce no one wanted to put them in which makes sense . Also the bass of these earbuds is weak and the sound although detailed lacks richness . Their constuction is also weak . with thin , easily tangled wires , i ca n't see them lasting very long .
 Bought this pair of sound isolating ear-phones after i had lost my pair of Shure E2C . Observing the high average rating of these phones , i thought that i 'll give them a try . And I was really disappointed . The sound quality is marginally -LRB- if at all -RRB- better than the std pair of iPod headphones ... and no where close to the Shure that i loved . I do realize that often people say that quality is quite subjective and dependent on individual preferences , but even my buddies did n't like it at all . Although they work great as ear plugs . I guess they may be good for others ... but for me I give it two thumbs down . I might have to return it or gift it to someone and get the Shure again .
 Horrible lifetime . The audio is great , yes , but it just wo n't last . I 'm careful and it lasted 7 months . Wires started to become exposed , just like others are saying.You can clearly see the lack of any reinforcements in the pictures ... It screams `` fragile '' . There are other phones with good audio out there at this price point . Stay away from this one if you value your hard earned money.About the audio ... of course I do n't need to tell anything . It 's very good for the price , like people are saying . Look at good review places that will tell much more than I could .
 I 've used their earplugs for years so I had high hopes for these earphones . They fit the same but sound is lousy ... no bass at all . I 'd rather mow in silence than hear my favorite songs with no bass.disappointed .
 These headphones leave a lot to be desired and I was disappointed from day one . There is simply no bass punch . I wish I listened to the other reviews that mentioned this issue . I broke them in for a full week before using them . I used all of the ear flanges . I put them in my ears at all different depths and there was still no bass . They are great if you listen to Dave Matthews Band or jazz for their crystal clear high end , but there is simply no low end . I listen to mostly rock and like to hear the bass guitar and kick drum and it just was n't there with these headphones . The only good news is you ca n't hear anything with them in . They are clearly noise isolating.After 6 months , I gave up and bought the Klipsch X5 headphones . The difference is night and day . While they are a lot more expensive -LRB- double at $ 167 -RRB- the Klipsch is also a single armature design , like the ER6i . I also listened to them both at 75 % volume . The Klipsch clearly have a more full sound stage . I ended up sending the ER6i set to my mother , instead of throwing them out , because I clearly prefer the $ 12 Koss Sparkplugs I use in my office over the $ 80 Etymotics .
 After a year the rather thin cord developed a short near the 3.5 mm plug . The cord is really wimpy and an obvious weak point in the design . The sound quality was amazing however and I might just resign myself to another pair .
 This was my first high dollar purchase of earbuds , what a disappointment . While reading all about how great the bass was , etc. . I was set for something special . It did n't happen . The bass response was totally lacking with all three of my mp3 players . I mean you can jam these things all the way in to your eardrum and it 's still going to sound very tinny and weak.I went back to the ole creative earbuds that came with my most recent player and they sound great in comparison . I would n't use these Etymotic ER6i 's if they were free , much less for $ 75 . Sorry .
 I loved the sound , they were pretty comfortable , but the clear plastic coating ripped and started coming off one of the earbuds after not too much use , which made that bud work only sporadically . If you 're going to spend that kind of money on headphones , they should be better built . I had maybe 3 months of good use out of them before they broke .
 Well , I bought these after all the great reviews I read here . They do sound very nice once you get them in the correct way . That is the challenge ! I wear ear plugs at work due to noise level . They are the same type of plug as the ear buds . So , I know how to put them in . I like things to be simple , especially when I am spending a lot of money . These ear buds are not simple to put in . Well , they go in very easy , but you have to get them in just the right spot . After tugging at my ears for a while I finally got them to sound great . Then I pulled them out and stuck them back in . Same thing . Each time I had to play with them in order to get them in just the right spot . My ears were turning red from being tugged on so much . I could not just simply stick them in and get good results . I tried both sets of plugs with no difference.Maybe a different size plug would work better ? I 'll never know . I refuse to pay more money for something that should be included to start with . I just found out that you have to replace the little filters every so often ? That 's even more money that you have to spend . This should be a one time investment that you make and that 's it !! Once again , if your lucky to get them in the first time and not have to play with them to get the right spot they sound great . I want something that I can just plug in and go!Good luck !!!
 I was extremely disappointed with the overall quality of these headphones . You have to literally shove them so far up your eardrums to get the faintest of bas response that it makes wearing these very uncomfortable . I have a pair of Sony in ear headphones that I paid half the cost and they absolutely blow these away . Easier to get in and out of the ear , more comfortable to wear , and crisper highs with lots of bass . The wires are also very thin and too long on the 6i 's . A lot of people may say that the 6i 's have a more accurate sound , but if your idea of great sound is all mid range , then buy these headphones , otherwise you are much better off with a pair of Sony 's at half the money .
 These headphones have no bass ! This is inexcusable considering the high price . The headphones are extremely comfortable , and the mid and high range sound quality is superb . Without adequate bass , they simply do n't recreate the theater experience that Etymotic claims . Do n't be fooled - all your bass are belong to other headphones .
 These are decent from an audio perspective and have very good passive noise reduction . Unfortunately , they do not stand up to normal wear and tear so I simply can not recommend them -LRB- unless you can be incredibly careful in your use of them -RRB- . After about 8 months of regular use , the left earphone started going in and out , requiring me to fiddle with the wire position to get sound in both ears . By 9 months , both earphones were doing this , rendering the product effectively useless . I attribute the problem primarily to flimsy wires , which are significantly thinner in diameter than any other earphones that I 've owned in the past . I think the act of taking them out of my pocket and/or bag over time just wore the wire connection to the jack out . I 've contacted ER customer service about the issue and I assume they will honor their warrantee -LRB- which is one year , so mine are still covered -RRB- . I will update the review if/when I get a resolution .
 I bought the ER6i 's when looking for a way to get high quality sound reproduction and drown out the constant noise in my workplace . The sound quality overall was great - there is the minor issue of cable noise -LRB- loud noise whenever the headphone cables touch anything -RRB- , but overall they were better than I expected.The biggest issue , though , is fragility . The plug -LRB- that plugs into a headphone jack -RRB- is very flimsy , such that the wires inside seem to get disconnected easily . This happened to my first pair about 9 months after buying them . There was no visible difference , I simply stopped getting sound from the left earpiece , and changing out the filters did not help . Luckily , they were within a year of purchase , so they were still under warranty . After sending that pair back for evaluation , I was sent a fresh pair of ER-6i 's . Those worked great ... for 6 more months . Then I lost sound in one earpiece . A month later I lost sound in the other . I 've sent them back for evaluation , but given that I 'm over the one year warranty period , I 'm not holding my breath.Just sad that I paid a significant amount of money for a product that , at first was awesome , but quickly degraded to useless . I was hoping the price tag would merit a more robust build.My girlfriend had a pair of ER-6i 's , and had the same problem . Hers were also replaced by Etymotic .
 Having owned two pairs of these , I can attest to the poor quality of the workmanship . Both pairs lost sound in one of the ears , after a bit less than two years in service . I take great effort in caring for any tech that I buy , so it 's disappointing to see this happen not once , but twice .
 From all the hoopla about etymotic , I expected somethingspectacular . They are n't . Very good isolation , but onlyaverage sound . Almost no bass .
 They broke very quickly . I would not buy them again . There are better choices out there .
 I was so excited to get these , hearing that the bass relay was n't too bad . Well here is the quick low down
 Etymotic Isolator Earphones ER-6These did not work for me ... the bass response was not there even after trying several different ear canal adapters and pushing them in to seat them properly as per the instructions . My iPod earphones sounded much better overall and cost much less . It might be that my ear canals are oddly shaped but I do n't think so . Too bad -- the upper range is much better than the iPod earphones .
 I purchased the Er6i earphones based on recommendations from fellow motorcyclists . While the headphones do a good job of isolation and fit under a helmet rather well , they leave much to be desired in the sound department . I should have considered other reviews more carefully when they commented on lack of bass response . No matter what I tried -LRB- all buds including the earplug type -RRB- the headphones sealed well and were comfortable but lacked full range response . Music just sounded flat and tinny . If you desire strong mid-range sound or any decent amount of bass I ca n't recommend these headphones . Since returning the ER6i 's I have had terrific results molding i-pod style earbuds with silicone -LRB- do a search for custom earplugs -RRB- . I find that this option provides both the isolation and full range sound I was craving .
 I should have paid more attention to reviews that complained about poor bass response . What I did n't realize was that there would be essentially NO bass response . Totally unsatisfactory .
 I ordered this headset base on Cnet reviews and the fact that I was looking for Hi-Fi quality . I did try them with 2 MP3 , A SANSA 8GB and a Rio carbon -LRB- which overall sounds better that the SANSA in my opinion -RRB- they sounded terrible , even after doing all the adjustments , I even think I received a damage set since there was a lot vibration from the right side speaker . Totally disappointed with these . They made me regain appreciation for my BOSE earphones , which sound 100 % better than these .
 I had high hopes for these Etymotic ER6i 's . Turned out they were very disappointing . Tried them several times , for several hours , with all the different inserts , different EQ settings on my iPods , positioning them differently in my ears . Just could not make them sound good . Heck , the original iPod earbuds sounded better . Fortunately I was able to return these ER6i 's . Purchased the Sennheiser CX300 's and they are excellent .
 I am a little disappointed with this product.I was expecting more than I got for the price.While they do reduce outside noise , it 's only because they have to be jammed into your ear . Taking them out has me worried that the wires will eventually break from this . Overall sound of the music is very clear but the bass response is poor . I like the stock headphones that come with my Ipod better than these .
 I absolutely hate these earbuds , for many reasons : - They do n't sound as good as even the cheaper Sony EX71 earbuds . And I 'm an audiophile . These Etymotics simply lack bass performance . Some might say this is how it should be and is more ` accurate ' , but who cares ? Look , when you go to a concert , you hear a lot of bass , when you listen to music in the car , you hear a lot of bass since most cars have subwoofers now . The fact of the matter is that we are most used to a lot of bass and and I just do n't enjoy the music without it . So , with these earbuds , I do n't enjoy my music . Period . The Etymotics sound crappy and flat , and I ca n't get into my music with them.-They seem very flimsy and cheap . The wires are very thin and seem fragile . Even the earbuds that came free with my iPod seem more sturdy that these.-They are not that comfortable and you have to be sure to get a tight seal in your ear canal . Granted , for me the 2 flange rubber pieces fit my ear much better than the 3 flange ones -LRB- which absolutely hurt my ears -RRB- , but still I get a lot more comfort wearing the Sony earbuds , which have almost just as good isolation , sound better and are cheaper.In all , I feel that these Etymotics are not worth the price and for even less than half the price , I 'm much happier with my Sony earbuds in every respect .
 Poor bass , clarity is great but not enough bass ruins these IEM 's . Returned these and got the nuforce ne-7m , they sound nearly the same but with more bass without loosing the clarity . I 'm no bass head either . filters will cost you money every few months , and the inserts go in deep in the canal .
 These were given to me as a gift and I still have a hard time justifying spending the $ 77.00 + for them . These earphones do sound good and when you get the fit correct with one of the three included ear piece sets they really do cut down on the ambient sound around you . I was able to set the volume to 50 % of my normal volume levels that I was using with two other sets of headphones.These in-ear earphones do sound good , but you may find earphones just as good or almost as good at a much lower price . For me the value just is n't there to justify the cost .
 i disappointed about bass performance . Sound quality and clarity is good but basses are really bad.There is n't deep bass , just a clear and weak bass.i read all the instructions about how to put it into my ear for rich basses but it did n't work for me . You can hear all sound with good details tho . Beware bass lovers , stay away from this product .
 I was really disappointed with these expensive earphones . The reviews I read were pretty encouraging , but my own experience with these is overall pretty poor . Perhaps it 's my player , but other phones sound great . I tried to modify the acoustic settings , but could not produce any bass . They sound tin-y and thin , and while the higher notes are the about best sound for any headset I 've used , there is no low end - I eally like a strong bass , and these do n't give it -LRB- at all -RRB- .
 After burning it in for 24 hours , I tried them and compared them to my Razor m100s . First thing I noticed was that the bass was much lower and it didnt capture the deep feel of many songs . The plugs are uncomfortable at first and takes some time getting use to . One good thing is that the sound is very precise and clear and the earphones block out the environment very well.More nuisances began to show with some extended use . One thing is that they are very sensitive to volume changes . And sometimes the sweet spot seems to be between 2 levels , and you are stuck choosing between too loud and distant . Sometimes one song sounds great at a certain volume , only for the next one to be too loud or quiet . So you have to constantly tweak the volume . Another thing that might vary from person to person is the fit . It takes some time getting use to and after that its alright , but I sometimes develop this inner ear itch . Its too deep to scratch and it can get really annoying . My last issue with these is how it accentuates the pitch . It doesnt provide the satisfying deep sound for more bass heavy songs . Worse still , it makes some songs sound shrill . Case and Point
 Is it a coincidence that Etymotic only provides a 1 year warranty on the ER6i 's , and the headphones I got on 12/18/2006 started to deteriorate at the beginning of January 2008 ? I had actually bought 2 sets of ER6i 's back in 2006 , one each for myself and my girlfriend . We both are experiencing the same problem ; hers started about 2 weeks before mine . The flexible joint where the cord meets the plug has some kind of break or deterioration in the internal wire . Unless the joint is bent and held at a certain angle , one of the earbuds will completely lose sound.To be honest , I have n't treated these headphones with the best care possible , meaning I do n't always put them back into the little pouch that came with it , and I have n't changed the filters in the earbuds yet . But come on , breaking down after 1 year ?! I thought these ER6i 's would 've lasted longer than the cheaper Sony MDR-EX71s that I used to use , and also lasted only a year before one earbut completely went dead . And guess which headphones are still working for me ? The original ones from Apple that came with my first generation iPod Nano . Yep , 3 years later and still going strong.Don ' t get me wrong , the ER6i 's put out fantastic sound quality . But this issue with the cord is just infuriating .
 These do have good noise blocking abilities , assuming you can get one of the several different types of covers to fit your ear canal comfortably -LRB- probably -RRB- . The problem is the sound quality -- it 's like the entire lower half of the spectrum is GONE . Not reduced , I 'm not talking ` weak bass ' , I 'm talking NO BASS . To the extent that it 's even noticeable and bothersome on spoken word stuff -- that much of the spectrum is missing.Very disappointed in these ...
 as other reviews have mentioned here , i also have both the Sony 71s -LRB- but lost an ear insert -RRB- and decided to try these . WHAT A WASTE OF MONEY.there just is NO BASS here and i have been dealing with this company for 2 weeks now trying to get the right size eartip . if you consider these you should know that for 3 times the list price of the Sonys , they include only 1 size eartip and you will need to call to get another size .2 weeks and 2 packages later -LRB- I need a larger size , but both packages have contained a pair of smaller eartips with the bigger ones i requested.i have no idea why -RRB- i finaly have one eartip that fits but is made of a foam i know will not last very long.THESE ARE JUST NOT WORTH THE MONEY !! read over these reviews and you will see that even the good reviews have people mentioning adding small amps and the poor bass.do not buy into the hype about this company , or think that spending the extra money is going to get you a better sound.i am listening to WMA files recorded at a high bitrate and with both headphones the madrange and high are excellent , BUT the Sonys are more comfortable , THEY HAVE THE BASS , they come with 3 different size eartips and they list for 1/3 the price of the Etymotic.AVOID wasting your money !!!!!!!!!!!
 I 'm not bass junkie , but for God 's sake I like a little bass in my music ! These earphones offer you none . Zero . Zip . Zilch . Nadda . NOTHING ! And yes , I crammed them into my ear canals until I practially touched the inner walls of my brain . The seal was perfect . I gave it a week . And still , I heard nothing in terms of bass.Honestly , I do not know what the people who gave it five stars are thinking . Again , I am not a bass fanatic . I do not have monster subwoofers in the trunk of my car or turn my home sub `` up to 11 '' ! But on a bass scale of 1 to 10 , these things are practically in the negative digits.Extremely disappointing for a set of earphones at this price point .
 Well , I read all the mixed reviews and really wanted these phones to work . You 'll notice many of the good reviews are by self proclaimed audiophiles or other `` experts '' . Many of them presume if you do n't hear enough bass , you either do n't know how to insert the product in your ear or do n't know good sound . Let me tell you , if I had inserted these things any further in my ear canal , it would have taken a surgeon to remove them . I 've been using headphones of all types for twenty years and while I 'm no audiophile , I know good sounding from bad . In my experience these things lack any kind of bass output.I tried all the different shaped tips that came with the product and different positions in the ear canal . Nothing mattered . I suspect these phones rely on specifically shaped ear canals . Yes , their clarity was amazing but the complete lack of low end was appauling . They 're going back .
 I was very disappointed in the earphones when the soft plastic tip became lodged in my ear . I wound up having to go to emergency to have it removed . The fact that they are not permanately attached to the earpiece makes them unsafe .
 I bought these headphones because I read good things about them . As soon as I had used them in my hands but it was difficult to be comfortable with them . Included some sleeves that fit very well into the ear canal but little use to hurt . On the other hand though it fits nicely into your ear canal does not completely isolate external noise . For all this I had to return them and buy me SCL2 Shure Sound Isolating Earphones - Clear that were cheaper and better audio and do not hurt .
 I noticed immediately that there was something wrong with these earplugs . I ended up using them for less than 1 hour . There was no `` low-end '' AT ALL . I 'm not into booming bass , but these earplugs were terrible . They sounded `` tinny '' . I listen to Big Band , 70 's & 80 's pop , classical and none of my music sounded good with these earphones . My original earphones were a 1000 times better .
 I 'm not sure what everyone 's talking about with these . I bought them based on reviews , and the sound is really disappointing . Could it be I 'm doing something wrong ? Is there some button or switch I need to flip on these things ? Cause the sound is terrible . No bass whatsoever , no matter what the EQ setting on my iPod.And noise isolating ? Again , I do n't get it . I thought my ear canals were pretty mainstream up til now , but maybe I have fine grooves which let in ambient sound . I 'm going to return them and buy something cheaper and better .
 I bought these after reading all the reviews favoring them over the Shure e3c 's .10 minutes later , I returned them . They dug deep into my ear canal -LRB- so far that it took a ton of earwax too -RRB- . And I found the quality poor . -LRB- My cheap sonys sounded better -RRB- The e3c 's are so comfortable - I do n't feel them and the sound is way superior . - go for those .
 Seems innocent to not reproduce the TOTALITY of the deep base of everything you want to listen to through the headphones , but guess what?It 's a FATAL flaw . These headphones are like listening to music on a handheld AM radio . Yeah , those things before ipods , but after 8 track tapes . -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks huh ? It 's hard to make me feel like an idiot.Etymotic , you 've chastened me , I feel real dumb.Thank you .
 Love the ear buds ! But they sent me a mish-mash of tips and an odd number of some types at that ! WTF ? I do n't have the energy to try to figure out who to contact to get the right tips and do n't want to bother . I mean , for the price I paid , I 'd like to think that the cheapest pieces would 've at least been correct . Oh well , I think I 'll give them away and get Bose . No more of my money for these yahoos !
 The wires are too flimsy . As a result , these only lasted a few months before they stopped working .
 I had reasonably high expectations for this product , based on a few online reviews . I will agree that there is a certain clarity and presence to the midrange , but stop there . I am totally disappointed at this product . These could be classified as `` gutless '' . There is * nothing * resembling bass here . In fact , they sound disembodied and thin . These do not deliver bass as the recording intended , they deliver no bass . These sound like $ 9.00 ear buds with a rubber surround . It 's as if they took the same cheap transducers and made them into an earplug . The claims of eliminating outside noise are greatly exaggerated as well . They do kill about 15db , but nothing like the claim . I returned these . I recommend Bose `` over the ear '' headphones -LRB- really ! -RRB- or Sennheiser 280HD for far superior performance at a similar price . Again , the ER6i are a good set of $ 12.00 headphones for $ 74.00 .
 I purchased my COWON I7 a couple of weeks ago . The stock earpieces , being rigid round plastic , are extremely uncomfortable , and I had read buying after-market earphones was the way to go to enhance sound and comfort.I decided to try the Etymotic Research ER6i earbuds because they looked far more comfortable , and some of the reviews revealed good sound as long as they were placed correctly.Out of the box , the Etymotic earphones were missing the replacement tool that was listed in the package documentation as included . I was able to change earpieces without it . The problem is that the moment I put these in , I was appalled . The sound was extremely tinny and thin , reminiscent of the cheap free portable radios banks or casinos give away as a promotion . I tried the different earpieces included in the kit , crammed them DEEP into my ears , and tried different settings on my Cowon equalizer . Although by doing so I got slightly better bass response , the overall sound was very thin and weak . The leads going to the earpieces also were very thin , transmitted noise , and the main lead had a very sharp kink in it -LRB- over 90 degree -RRB- from being tie-wrapped/packaged incorrectly . It was inevitable that the cord would soon break at that point.My Cowon stock earbuds have a more substantial cord , do not transmit movement noises through the cord , and have far better sound quality . The only downfall is the discomfort , which is substantial . I have to believe I can buy a $ 67 pair of aftermarket earbuds that have at least the quality of the stock ones , with some added comfort . The Etymotic earphones are headed back to Amazon for a refund as I type this . I give these one star because they are slightly better than using no headphones at all .
 I wanted to use these earphones to replace the uncomfortable ones that came with my iPod . I was so disappointed with how the ER6i earphones sounded that I returned them . `` Small '' is the best way to describe it . Little or no bass at all and a very `` pinched '' mid range . One look at the responce curve tells the whole story ... there is simply very little bass that comes out of these , only an overly pronounced midrange . These things just sound ... bad .
 These earphones are not worth the money . There is absoultly no base tone at all . I tried inserting them according to their instructions , and there was still no base tone . I tried using them with different mp3 players and the sound was all the same . I returned them for credit and bought the Bose in ear phones . They sound great .
 It gets two stars from me for comfort and clear high sounds . But missing three stars for lack of bass and tangling cords . I tried these earphones for two days and they are big on treble but very lacking on bass . It 's not that I like bass more than most ... the bass on the ER6i is almost non-existent . The $ 30 iPod earphones that came with my iPod package were significantly better , except for the fit and comfort . The ER6i phones are very comfortable and fit snugly ... unlike the iPod phones , but the sound is all highs and little lows . If you turn up the treble in a factory car radio and turn the bass to -5 ... that 's what it sounded like to me . Oh ... and the cords are a mess ... tangled every time . This will be the first time I 've returned an electronics item .
 worst headphones i have ever bought my $ 10 Skull Candy buds sounded better . Sure it has clarity but who cares if it has absolutely no bass and yes i stuck them all the way in my ear and tried all of the different tips . luckily amazon is great about returns and i got a refund minus the shipping . unless you listen to pre-1940s music when bass was non existent in recordings then have at it buy these , but if you like bass drops then flee this page !!! So far i have had consistent success with Sony the best ear buds i have used are mdr-ex71 -LRB- the $ 40 ones not the $ 12 -RRB- they have an amazing rang and do n't max out easy plus at low volume are crystal clear . I work a software company and listen to music most of the day -LRB- i love music and have over 120gb of it -RRB- so that 's my resume for anyone who may doubt that i know about good sound quality . I hope this helps : -RRB-
 I had read great things about the ER6i 's , so with Amazon having a great price on these headphones I figured I would give them a try . Plugged them in and tried a variety of music and the sound was consistently thin and weak . I tried them with the flanges , the foam ear buds and nothing improved the sound . There is literally no bass and the volume has to be cranked up to get decent sound . These will be going back to Amazon .
 The reviews I read prior to purchasing the earphones gave me the impression that the product was of exceptional quality . However , my experience was less than satisfactory . The quality and volume level was very inconsistent . Without adjusting the volume controls , the volume would range from loud to soft for no apparent reason .
 Bought this a few weeks ago on the advice of a friend to replace the stock ipod earphones which frayed on me -LRB- literally -RRB- . These earphones are quite overated . My main objection is that they are extremely bright -- any audiophile reading this will know what I mean by this term . If you are listen to and like the sound of tube gear , this earphone is definitely not for you . I ca n't stand more than a few minutes of it at a time without turning the volume way down -- it sounds like someone put the treble on maximum permanently . Tremendous inherent distortion . I read with amusement some of the reviews here where the reviewers laud this earphone for ` clarity ' . No accounting for taste , I guess .
 Neither the company who sold me the ear phones through Amazon or Etymotic Research would let me return these headphones . These headphones did not improve the quality of the sound , and actually sounded worse than the regular iPod headphones . I do not recommend these headphones for the price at all .
 I wanted to rate this item zero stars but the system would n't allow it!I was amazed at how poorly these earphones performed in comparison with the earphones that came with my IPOD Shuffle . I had expected that they would be more noise-blocking at least , but they were not and the general sound production was dreadful . I returned them immediately - do n't waste your time !
 WASTE OF MONEY , NO BASS LIKE PEOPLE SAY ON HERE !!! AND THE SOUND QUALITY JUST IS HORRIBLE !!!
 After spedning a lot of time researching some new earphones , I settled on this pair . Opening the box the contents looked immediately used . Then the actual earphones as well as the foam covers both were covered in orange earwax . UNBELIEVEABLE !!!! Talk about gross ... I showed my wife and we could honestly not believe that we received these in teh mail form a supossedly reputatble retailer . nasty . immediatlety returned and I will buy these form a brock & mortar reltailer now .
 Just plugged them in to my IPOD and am absolutely disappointed with the sound quality . The earplugs are comfortable , but the sound is very hollow with veryyyyy faint base . The standard issue earbuds that come with the IPOD are far better than the ER6I .
 I purchased the earphones in February 2007 and one of earpieces quit working in March 2008 just out of the 1 year warranty . They were used less than 50 times and cared for by an anal retentive adult . The sound was good but my ears would get sore from the earpiece after a while . I have thought about buying another pair because I liked the sound quality but do n't want to spend $ 100 on something that may only last a year .
 I 've used Etymotics for close to three years now , first the ER6 and then these . The ER6s are extremely neutral and crisp sounding , very well balanced . If these were speakers , they 'd be $ 500 for a pair . However , the sound quality has some issues
 Sound was awesome and all was great until about 8 months of use . One side cut out . Like the other reviewers , no help from customer service . Great sound but poor durability . Wish they were still alive : -LRB-
 Well , I 'm from Brasil and I bought this product while I was on a trip to the US . Decided to order it based upon the reviews from the other users . When I received it , I was totally disappointed though . The build of this earbuds seems very flimsy , and the sound leaves much to be desired , at least for me -LRB- and I 'm no basshead - I know that appreciation and taste varies from person to person , but for me the sound was very dull -RRB- . I couldnt return home without a pair of good new headphones , so I ended up buying a Klipsch Image S4 and a pack of Comply foam tips at an airport kiosk which allowed me to try a pair , and I dont regret it . Please , if you 're considering buying this headphone , try to find it on a store and try it out first .
 Like so many things they were great till they not longer worked . I was always very careful with these because I had never spent that much on earphones . They lasted a year and then one side no longer worked . I would n't spend that much on this brand again .
 For $ 74 , I did n't think this was * that * much of a step up from stock ipod earphones . There is slight improved clarity , but not much bass . All in all I probably would have kept them since for the money , you 're not going to find amazing ear canal monitors , but the problem I have is with the tips - none of them work , except for maybe the foam tips -LRB- akin to common foam earplug -RRB- which will get slowly worse and worse especailly with sweat from the gym , and replacements are $ 14 !?!? forget it . Who wants to be `` rolling earplugs '' every time you put earphones on either to make them squeeze into your ears . ugh .
 1 -RRB- I need to buy heatsink retention2 -RRB- Why motherboard on the picture is not the same as delivered motherboard ? -LRB- less socket on the board for other boards -RRB-
 Product is good for radio tuner , not to TV tuner . Product does not work with my Windows XP Media Center 2005 . It does n't come with a MPEG-2 decoder . Need to download the decoder from another vendor ? for this product to work . Wish I had known before purchase .
 Agonizingly slow , wait , drive does n't spin . A couple megs are copied in 15 minutes and then the drive stops.Worst drive I ever used .
 I purchased it about 3 months ago to replace my Iomega Predator 48x USB2 . about a month after I bought I started having freezing problems in the middle of burning so I emailed the Manufacture and took them 2 weeks to get back to me , -LRB- I try to call their toll free # but never had more than 30 min to wait for someone to answer -RRB- and their answer was to try the burner on a different computer I do n't know the situation of other people but I do not have extra computer laying around my house , so I asked a friend and got the same problems . To this day I have resolved the frizzing by selecting the speed and not setting it at more than 32x which is well bellow the rated speed , after emailing them again about my finding they replied that some times it happens with different media that is not recommended for the drive , `` Memorex and Sony media is not recommended . Verbatim seem to work well , though . '' , to which I tried and did n't solve anything . It was very upsetting having spend so much time on something and have come up empty handed and not just that but have paid over 120 for a drive that burns at 32x . which brings mee too another issue that even though this drive its rated for 52x I never saw it burned at that speed , I have tried different software -LRB- Easy CD Creator , even the Plextor Tools that come with the burner , and others -RRB- , also used different media and no difference . I have a Gateway P3 1000 computer running Windows XP Pro and my friend has a Dell P4 running windows XP Home . My recommendation to you is that if customer care is important to you then shop for a different brand .
 Ya know , all things considered , the price is n't bad for an all in one . I mean , if it 's a yaht , a luxury car , an hotroad motorcycle ...
 I have been searching for a bargain printer for my office until I saw this one . Good deal . What can you complain for a $ 50M printer . But shipping kills the deal . Hey , seller , can you offer free shipping ... ?
 Shipping a little steep , you may as well get this at Staples to save yourself . I hate that when online dealers give a really cheap item , then profit so much off of `` handling '' charges .
 As I said `` What A Deal '' . Not only does this printer get those resumes out quickly , but it is also a super chick magnet . I place this beauty on the seat of my 1989 Yugo subcompact chick mobile and BOY they come running . It just screams '' I Know How To Treat A Lady '' .
 The new model has a Halle Berry feature . Just click the button and it turns into Halle Berry and recreates `` that '' scene from Monster 's Ball right in the comfort of your living room , and it 's only $ 5,000,000 more.WHAT A BARGAIN . I 'm holding out for that .
 I dont know about the installation on this thing . Tryed to install this with the Bluetooth card supplied and my new HP Pavilion with Bluetooth built in you would think it would be easy . No way !! . After two hours on my own , then two hours to a guy in India who did not know anything , I gave up . Boxed it up and sent it back . Its also bigger then you would expect , its not something you can put in a brief case with a laptop . Its way too big . Your better off bring a cheap LexMark printer with a USB cable .
 It works well for paper , but I put a 5 pound book on it , and the weak plastic bit that holds it up in the back immediately broke in half .
 I 've had mine for two weeks now , and it 's fine as a Blu-Ray player , fine for NetFlix/Vudu/Blockbuster , but for playing videos on the network it 's horrible . I 've long been a fan of Samsung products . My past six computer monitors were Samsung and all three of my TV 's -LRB- including my widescreen HDTV -RRB- are Samsung . But this device has really shaken my opinion of them as a company.If you yearn for the days before VCR 's and DVR 's allowed people to pause a show a to get a drink , rewind to make out what a character said , or fast-forward to get past filler or a particularly slow part , then this just might be for you.Yep ... when playing movies from your network drive , you ca n't pause a movie , ca n't rewind it , ca n't ca n't fast-forward it , and ca n't skip backwards or forwards either . Two and a half hours into a three hour movie and have a power flicker ? You 're going to have to start that movie right from the beginning and wait 2:30 hours for it to catch back up with you.If you play files directly from your computer , you can skip forward or back ... but in order to get those files to the player , you have to run a program that serves the contents of your computer to it . Would n't be a problem , but you have to manually refresh the program 's database every single time you add content if you want to be able to use it ... and it 's not a quick process at all . It takes about 20 minutes on my computer . It also requires the computer be on whenever you want to watch videos , view pictures , or listen to music . If you use a network drive like I do to conserve power , you 're back to the problem of being unable to pause , rewind , f-forward , or skip.It 's terribly frustrating , because that was the main reason I purchased the device . Now , not everybody gets it right all the time ... and especially not right out of the gate . So , I could forgive Samsung the deficiencies , except that they did not list them on the box ... and judging by their responses in online forums , have intention of rectifying them . It would be different if these were strange and arcane capabilities , but we 're talking rewind , pause , and fast forward . Who in the world buys a digital media device in 2010 thinking he 's going to have to watch video files straight through like an over the air broadcast from 1975 ? Who hears `` play networked files right from your computer '' and thinks he 's going to have to manually upload the info every . single . time . he adds something to the drive he 'd like to use ? It 's totally half-a ** and there 's no good solution.And as I said , Samsung seems utterly disinterested in solving the problem . The very same problems plague their DLNA TV 's and again , they do n't care . Just Google ` Samsung rewind problem ' and you 'll see the same gripes repeated over and over from a multitude of people.So , the device will be going back , and previous faith in Samsung is gone ... I 'm not saying I 'll never buy anything from them again , but I 'll continue to monitor this situation and see if they ever bother to step up to the plate and fix it ... and not just in future products , but in the firmware updates of existing products ... . and I 'll scour the web for information to ensure that any products I consider buying work as they should , all features work as advertised , and perform up to the standards any reasonable user would expect .
 I own two sony blue ray players both work flawlessly . This piece of crap is constantly freezing and requiring a restart ... which of course takes about three times as long as sony to do . I hate this machine . BUY THE SONY !!!!! I wish I could give this 0 stars . Oh also no Amazon Unbox APP for movies like the Sony has .
 I had several DVD players over a span of years . Even the least expensive one worked great . This Samsung model has been my first Blu ray player . It has seemed incredibly slow compared to the DVD players I had . Loading a disc seems to take forever . It 's response to the remote control also lags.it 's actually faster to push the buttons on the front of the unit.For the most part , once the disc loaded , it played ok . I did have some issues with some Blu ray discs where the menu features did n't work at allI had been anxiously awaiting the Blu ray release of Midnight in Paris . This is a major Blu ray release by Sony pictures . I had the same slow results in loading , no surprise . The surprise was , there was no audio with this beautifully filmed movie . I thought I might have had a flawed disc , and even went out and bought another copy , but with the same results , no audio . I then loaned it to some friends . It played fine on my friends Sony blu ray player . I then spent over three hours on the `` Live Chat '' support on Samsung 's website . I was passed around from one support person to another . Have you ever seen that commercial with the support person named `` Peggy '' . it was just like that ! What a joke . I was eventually told that I could pack up my player at my expense , and send it to their service center . I just ca n't see waiting six to eight weeks to get my player back when I would probably end up with the same problem . This one goes in the trash . I 'll probably pick up a Sony Blu ray player ! Samsung makes a great tv but their Blu ray players and support do n't measure up .
 I 'm very disappointed in this blue-ray/dvd player . We purchased it in January 2011 . It wo n't play half of my dvds now -- even brand new dvds . I have n't officially upgraded to blue-ray dvds and thought that might be a problem but I know the dvds work because I can play them in my van and in my other -LRB- significantly -RRB- cheaper dvd player . I would recommend you purchase a different product .
 The picture quality is great but sometimes when we try to use it , we have to unplug every cord and wait a few minutes , sometimes we have to do this several times before it will recognize the DVD or Bluray . Sometimes it works just fine but when it does n't , it is very frustrating . I have read several other reviews that say the same thing so I know it 's not just our machine .
 I bought this Blu Ray player last November . It has always had problems freezing while watching a movie , even if the disc is clean or brand new . This problem has steadily gotten worse over the last year . After the latest firmware upgrade the picture would not only freeze , but would also scramble the picture .
 This is poor piece of equipment . I used it a few dozen times over about four months . In month five when I tried to watch it , it would n't even come on .
 Had this player - overall it was OK , not great , but not bad for the price . Within a month after the warranty expired it stopped playing Blu-ray disks . Has the latest firmware , etc. . I called Samsung and after trying a couple of `` fixes '' was advised to send it in for repair at a cost of $ 110 . I do n't think so ! Shopping for a different brand now . A Samsung TV I bought failed a couple of weeks before warranty expired . They had to replace the whole thing , a piece at a time . I love my Sharp TVs , and various Sony components - no reliability issues with any of those . Samsung ca n't make it much over a year - two for two now .
 Just bought this and am so upset . I have a very fast internet connection running straight into the player . The first day I got this I called and Samsung told me their server was down and there was nothing I could do but wait a few days to connect to `` Smart Hub '' which is how you connect to Netflix , YouTube , Etc. . Now that Ive connected it is SO SLOW . Watching netflix ix impossible . Please do not even consider buying this product . I promise you will regret it .
 Took unit out of box . Woul n't eject disc tray . Complete garbage , which is where it is now . You get what you pay for .
 I 've had a good experience with samsung before . My lcd is samsung my tv is samsung . Owning this blu ray player has been a dissapointment thus far . It was shipped broken , without the ability to open the disc tray . I 'm ok with electronics not working the first time ; I was shocked to find out however that I 'm responsible for the 15 $ shipping charge to send it back for a repair . It never worked and was SHIPPED broken ; why is it MY responsibility to pay the shipping charge . Why should the customer have to pay a single penny more to get a defective unit to work . Before testing the blu-ray part of this I was able to use the online services and they are good . Pretty much standard . It was difficult however to get my router to cooperate and I had to assign a static IP for it . It may also require that you use a flash drive to get vudu or netflix to work . All in all it 's a shame that samsung would put their name and reputation behind a product and then not take full responsibility for fixing it . When my asus laptop broke almost at the end of its warranty ; they still sent me a free overnight shipping label . Not to plug asus but that 's a much better way of doing business .
 Everybody always raves about Samsung devices . I , however , have found them to be nothing short of over-priced for a product with a lower quality than I would expect . I guess it just goes to show that if one spends enough on advertising , then they can get away with overpricing a mediocre product.First of all , the load times on Blu-ray players have always been slow . My friend has a older Samsung Blu-Ray player that is excruciatingly slow to load . This model in only slightly better . One would have figured that the manufacturer would include a faster processor in their players . I guess one must shell out the extra $ $ to get that `` nifty '' feature . Not that I 'm impatient , but I just do n't want to sit around waiting forever for my disc to load!I was not impressed AT ALL with the quality of the image . Blu-Ray looked OK , but not fantastic . DVD upconvert looked positively terrible on a brand-new Samsung 55 '' LED TV . -LRB- Of course , a lot of these image issues probably had to do with the TV itself too , hence my complaints about Samsung in general ; I 've just never liked their products ... ever . And this new TV and Blu-Ray player were also no exception . -RRB- But my biggest complaint about Samsung players is that Samsung for some unknown reason has decided not to include a disc memory feature , at least not on the less-expensive models like this one . Again , that would mean that someone would have to shell out extra $ $ $ just to get a feature that I would consider basic , a staple feature if you will . Sony players , for instance , remember the playback location on the last 5 discs . Having to go back to the main menu becomes a cumbersome ordeal when you take into account the device load time , combined with things like FBI warnings that you can not skip past . On previous Samsung models , one could not even press Stop or pause a movie for too long , or else they would lose their place on the disc and then have to start all over again . This model at least lets one resume playback after Stop has been pressed , but as soon as you eject the disc , the memory for that disc is erased . I find it amazing that others do not find this as frustrating as I do!The menus are also tedious and slow to react , especially when one has to input numbers or letters using the remote control . I feel like a grandparent trying to text with a flip phone for the very first time using just one thumb . Google Maps and Facebook are available ! Whoopty frickin ' do ! It takes longer to input an address than it would be for me to go down to my basement , cold boot my computer , open my internet browser , go to Google Maps , and then hunt-and-peck to type in an address . Besides , it 's not like I can print directions from my Blu-Ray player anyway . It 's just another bloated feature to make the owner feel like he 's getting a lot of bang for his buck , when it 's just yet another redundant feature for someone to show off to his friends and then never use again . I do n't need to chat with friends on Facebook , check the weather , read the news , or listen to the radio using my TV . Just let me play my movies and then be DONE , for goodness sake !!! Always watch out for terms like `` WiFi Ready . '' What that really means is `` shell out more $ $ $ for a wireless adapter that you could have had included in the better model that would have cost you the same amount or less . `` All in all , steer clear of Samsung devices in general . Go with a Sony or an LG device instead ! The same goes for their TV 's . Find one that 's got the features that you NEED and the quality that you LIKE and forget about all the extra junk .
 We bought a different model and we went to do one of their wireless firmware updates and it bricked the unit . It died and nothing could be done . I called Samsung and only after I PUSHED the subject did they agree to fix it -LRB- it was out of their 90 day warranty -RRB- . I sent it back and did n't hear for over a month . I finally called them and had to PUSH again to get them to look into my case . They now have agreed to send me THIS unit . Their service has been terrible . Every time I talk to them their computers freeze . They do n't know what they are doing . The people on the phone just read stuff from the screen and really have no idea what is really going on . I am not looking forward to this new machine . They ca n't even tell me if it will stream Netflix without needing the adapter . I also do n't know how many more months -LRB- if ever -RRB- it will take for them to actually mail me the replacement machine and I do n't trust their firmware upgrades . They could n't even fix the bricking their own firmware upgrade did ! I also got a free Samsung phone -LRB- Nexus S -RRB- and tried it for a month , HATED it , went back to my iphone . I will NEVER buy from SAMSUNG again . Do n't do it , pick a different company ... run ... as fast as you can ...
 To start with I had to buy a blu ray player because the movie we just `` HAD '' to see is only out in blu Ray . Thank you Sony Entertainment ! Brought it home plugged it in and the disc player works fine . I selected this model as it connects to Netflix , Internet TV , and a music subscription service . For all of this the price of $ 110 seemed pretty reasonable as we already subscribe to Netflix anyway . We have a wireless router in the home office that connects everyone to the Internet . I also have a ROKU set up in the living room that connects to the big screen TV . Unfortunately the ROKU apparently drags down our broadband speed when some of us want to watch a movie and others want to play video games online . Therefore , the ROKU ends up `` mysteriously '' disconnected when the video games start to lag . It quickly became obvious that I had two choices for connecting the blu ray player to the Internet . I could string a cat five ethernet cable from the office to the television , a distance of 35 feet or so , or , I could run out and buy a Samsung wireless LAN adapter for another 60 bucks depending on where I buy it . I just wanted everyone to know that this unit is not Wi-Fi ready -LRB- and does n't claim to be -RRB- nor user-friendly and that Samsung has successfully hidden another $ 60 charge to get their product to work as advertised . If your router is right next to your TV set you should n't have a problem with this , all you have to do is buy another cat five cable . But not all of us have a router conveniently located within 3 feet of our television . In which case be prepared to pony up another 60 bucks and/or a trip to Fry 's electronics , or get online with Amazon.com to buy a wireless LAN adapter . They could have told you all this on the box but that would n't sell a lot of units now would it !!!??? I 'm not impressed .
 I bought this Blu-ray player about two months ago , I must say I am very disappointed with this product . Avoid it.When the screen is black there is what seems to be static -LRB- small white dots -RRB- jumping around the whole screen . At first I thought I could get over it but it 's way too distracting and it just completly takes away from the movie experiance.Also , for some reason the player seems to mute my T.V and it 's extreamly annoying the fact that I have to keep my finger on the volume button and press it every five minutes . This is by far the most annoying thing this player does . I thought it would go away after a couple of uses , but it does not . Now I 'm stuck with it because its past the returned date . DO N'T LET IT HAPPEN TO YOU . THE PLAYERE DOES NOT IMPROVE!I used my PS3 to play all my movies and it worked perfect . This is my first stand alone Blu-ray player and I must say its the most annoying player I ever had to deal with . This completely degrades Samsung from being top of the line electronics .
 We opened the box expecting to be able to set this up and start streaming netflix - however model bd-C5500 does not come with the HDMI cable - a 30 minute call to the Samsung support determined that it was not a shipping error , they only include the cable if it is model number bd-c5500c ! plus , we have to purchase a wifi adapter . although I have a wifi adapter , it was not compatible with this machine - which we didnt learn until we opened the box . apparently only a samsung wifi adapter works with this - to the tune of an additional $ 80 ! - not worth it - we packed it up and sent it back
 I bought it to access Internet TV -LRB- Netflix , Youtube , etc. -RRB- After 3 hours of struggling was not able to activate Internet TV.Network connection - perfect.Accept license agreement - YES -LRB- many times -RRB- . Internet@TV
 This product ca n't play any disc in my country -LRB- Venezuela -RRB- , then I pay for nothing , I can just play my cd 's and ready . Could somebody in Amazon help with this ? A
 I have honestly never encountered a machine of such poor quality . DVDs freeze and even Netflix will take over 3 minutes to load anything . Do not buy this machine , it is a complete waste of money . Samsung should be completeley ashamed of releasing such a poor product .
 Good product at a good price . Did n't realize it did not have a memory card in side . Found the USB on the front and installed a memory card and it works great . Good product !
 Can anyone tell me why this player when connected to a LG LCD TV screen via HDM Profigold cable makes white flashes ? What can I do for it to stop doing it?Thanks
 This is probably the biggest piece of garbage I 've ever used . It freezes up all the time . It 's extremely slow . Every time I try to get a movie working on the crap , either the audio is wrong , the video is wrong or the thing just freezes up completely.DO NOT BUY THIS GARBAGE !
 I bought this a while ago and have used it very sparingly . I have played perhaps 12 discs in it . After the first 8 discs , it started having trouble loading , the picture would freeze , audio would cut in and out , or it would not play at all . I sent it back to Samsung where it was `` repaired . '' I then watched two movies to see if it was `` repaired '' and it seemed to be . Then last night I tried to play a Blu-Ray , and all the old problems came back . I saw the first 95 % of a movie and then the end froze , and thirty minutes of stopping and starting and taking the disc out and putting it back in enabled me to watch in pieces the final 8 minutes . Then today I tried to watch another movie , and the player would n't load it at all.Software is up to date , everything is plugged in , etc. . The thing starts right up and I can move through the menu , but it simply wo n't play discs . I was somewhat amused in that for the $ 175 I played I got about 12 movies out of it , which is roughly what movies cost in the theater . Maybe it 's a big Hollywood conspiracy to get people going back to the theaters.Spend your money elsewhere . I am saddened as I have a gorgeous Samsung TV that has been wonderful and now I have lost all faith in the brand .
 Bought this for my daughter Christmas 2010 . Good Netflix interface . However , just found out from her the the unit will not play blu-ray DVDs any more -LRB- only 17 months of minimal DVD use -RRB- - both Inception and Thor blu-ray DVDs give read error message , though non-blu-ray plays OK . -LRB- Both discs play OK on a Panasonic model I bought from Amazon Christmas 2011 for $ 89 -RRB- . I 'll update this review when I find out repair estimate from Samsung .
 Well , this has been a huge disappointment . I bought this product not realizing it needed a Samsung only wifi adapter . It was very expensive ... I would have liked to know that BEFORE the purchase . Also , Netflix does n't have closed caption . I love to use CC because we can lower the volume , but NOOOOO . Frankly , I took that for granted . I was wrong . If I had to it do over , I would have gotten a Sony .
 This product has solidified my dislike for Samsung electronics . It 's a pain to use in a number of ways . First , it rarely will play a dvd disk on first try
 This lasted for 6 discs before refusing to play blu rays again . It 's out of warranty , so tough luck for me . This is my last Samsung product .
 Unfortunately it was dead out of the box . Any disc we put into the player -LRB- DVD , BluRay - working on our other player fine -RRB- came back with a can not read this disc error . Hooked it up to the interwebs to check if a firmware update would solve anything , but the player insisted it was up-to-date . Tried a few of the display and audio settings to see if they would cajole it into playing anything at all . Still no luck . I 've had good experiences with some Samsung monitors and televisions , so I 'm pretty disappointed that the player is just flat out dead . Reading around I 've seen some complaints about the laser failing out and preventing discs from being read after a bit so I 'll probably avoid a replacement and just look for a different player .
 Bought this at Costco , and three months later am very disappointed . First , the unit is very , very slow . Often , it takes a few minutes to load and start playing a DVD or BluRay disc . Sometimes , the player gets stuck and must be restarted to play a disc . Skipping previews or segments on the disc is very , very slow and often impossible . Second , the Netflix interface is not great . Even the Netflix interface on our Wii is significantly better than the BluRay . In fact , we bought a Roku to watch streaming content because we thought this unit was too slow and unpleasant to use . Third , there is no `` resume play '' feature . When you play a disc and stop it half way through a movie , the player can not remember where you left off and simply begins the disc again from previews and leaves you at the initial menu . This is especially annoying when you have small children who only watch portions of movies at a time , and even more annoying when you want them to watch the movie in Spanish , which requires going through the initial setup every single time you push play . I 'm returning this to Costco and getting a different brand .
 I bought this player the end of December and it worked great out of the box . I connected it to my Samsung hdtv via hdmi cable . Now in April , the player will not display on the tv . I checked the connections and tried different hdmi ports . The source menu on the tv recognizes that the player is there , but it will not display it . I guess it 's too late to return it now too .
 This is a nice player that unfortunately does not show much care for the customers.I bought it because it has a usb plug for wifi connection to my router . What a nasty surprise I got when I found out that it will not accept any of my wireless wifi usb sticks . Samsung forces you to buy their proprietary usb stick.It will cost you another $ 70 dls . or 60 % of the player 's price.WHAT A RIP OFFI can not recommend Samsung products for this reason . I will buy them when they show a little more care for their customers and less greediness .
 The title says it all ; this player does n't have an app to support Amazon 's streaming video . This is actually the main reason I am buying a web-enabled Blu-Ray player , which makes the Samsung unit a non-starter . Bought the player at the world 's largest brick and mortar retailer , did a little further research before unboxing it , and will be returning it shortly . Guess I have to buy a Sony .
 This player is good depending on what you need from it.Pros :1 . Loads USB drives/DVD/Blu Ray pretty fast .2 . Can Read NTFS USB drives too . Big plus .3 . Can play most of hi def MKV files.Cons :1 . Can not do a fast forward on the * . mkv files on DVD . It can do fast forward If I play the same mkv file from USB drive . I ca n't believe in 21st century , fast forward feature will not work . Normal DVD fast forward works.I returned mine just because of this reason .2 . DLNA does n't work . Do n't waste your time trying to make it work .
 If you have a MAC , DO NOT buy this product . They do not offer the necessary software for MACS to stream content over the internet . Samsung fails to make that clear on its packaging , which is totally misleading . I called Samsung and all they said was , sorry . I will never buy a Samsung product again . If there was an option to give no stars , I absolutely would .
 Had it for about 4 mos . Works great so far . Before I had bp-1600 model which broke after about 6mos . This 5500 model seems to start up a bit faster . Ca n't say much about it . Works so far . The player crashes after clicking on pause
 This was a Valentines gift for my boyfriend . He was so excited to receive it and then his dreams shattered in one minute . We turned it on and the door where you put your blu-ray disc in did not open all the way . Once we got the disc in it said that it was unable to read disc and we just bought the blu-ray disc ! I am very unhappy and my boyfriend is still crying in his pillow as we speak ! This is going back !
 Before you buy this product , read this `` Wireless LAN-ready -LRB- Wireless LAN adaptor not included , to learn more or to purchase
 I PURCHASED A SAMSUNG BLUE RAY PLAYER A NUMBER OF YEARS AGO ... . EVERYTHING WAS FINE UNTIL FEBRUARY ... ANY BLUE RAY DISKS THAT CAME OUT AFTER JANUARY OF 2011 WILL NOT PLAY ON MY SAMSUNG BLUE RAY PLAYER BECAUSE SAMSUNG HAS NOT UPDATED THEIR FIRMWARE . I HAVE SINCE CANCELLED MY BLUE RAY DISKS FROM NETFLIX SINCE THEY WONT PLAY ON MY PLAYER ... SO BEWARE AS TIME GOES ON YOUR PLAYER COULD ALSO BECOME OBSOLETE .
 Hey Blue Ray shoppers.Please be aware that this Blue Ray will not play a lot of dvd 's -LRB- 1/4 of my collection -RRB- . After I bought my first Blue Ray disc I found out that I need to update it and I need to wait 7-14 business days before Samsung will send me the disc.Costumer support was horrible and mostly useless.Most of electronics I own are high end Samsung but looks like I will be considering all other brands after this expierience .
 I spent over 3 hours troubleshooting multiple problems with this device . I did the online chat because the phone support was closed . I spoke to 4 or 5 different people from other countries on the phone who simply read troubleshooting guides and told me over and over to reset the device , try again , download the firmware update . I am fairly technically savy and had zero luck with these idiots . I still do n't know if my unit is bad or if their design is horrible . It does n't want to play my Blue-Ray disks , then when it does it starts pixilating like a poor satellite tv signal halfway through . It is n't the disk as my PS3 plays them fine . It will not connect to the internet for firmware or software uploads . My PS3 will on the same cable . They even gave me a line about having my internet provider open up the internet ports -LRB- 80 , 8080 , and 343 -RRB- which was also a lie . Their customer service was useless , even the `` tier 2 '' agents . My cable company tech support actually helped me with their device more than they did . The firmware updates were successful but did n't seem to resolve any of my problems . I am taking this back and getting a Sony!DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME !
 We have had nothing but problems with samsung blueray player . Slow load times , very poor connectiving issues such as when using Netflix -LRB- and we have ultra high speed cable Internet service running with a high quality CISCO router -RRB- . We updated the software for the player and it still wo n't play many blueray movies such as Rise of planet of the apes , it will not even play some regular DVDs such as Van Helsing . I really regret buying it . I will not purchase any samsung products again .
 This product was a complete disappointment . We bought it because we trusted the Samsung name and were so pleased with our Samsung LED TV . From the very beginning this product had many `` bugs '' . It would often freeze up when we tried to play a DVD or when we tried to watch movies via the internet streaming . Many times it would n't even read the disc . Finally after growing tired of battling the blu ray player every time we wanted to watch a movie , we returned the product .
 This product is very unstable despite several `` updates '' . Do not use with Netfix , as it is unstable and you wo n't enjoy the movie . Internet is fine , DVD player is the problem . I would not purchase this product .
 My wife and I were in the market for a non-expensive BluRay player last year , and our eye fell on this model.It 's a decent enough player , allowing for DLNA connections -LRB- allowing us to stream movies and music off my PC -RRB- , which also has a fairly limited amount of internet apps.The device plays DVDs OK -LRB- got ta be honest , I * LOVE * the option to skip the incessant and normally unskippable previews by pressing either one of the disk menu buttons -RRB- , we 've had no problems playing any BluRay disks ... But we use it mostly to connect to NetFlix , VuduPlus and YouTube , and * that * is where this device fails , big time . Connecting for the first time is no problem ; the problem arises every single time a software upgrade is pushed . After that ... NetFlix - invariably , without exception - fails to connect , or if it * does * connect , the device needs to be reactivated.I just spent half an hour on the phone , first with NetFlix support , then with Samsung , because all I got this time was a big box saying `` You 're not connected to the internet . Please connect and try again . '' when I tried to open NetFlix . Turns out , the BD-Cxxxx models -LRB- manufactured/distributed in 2010 -RRB- need a factory reset after each firmware update , in order for * some * of the internet apps to be fully available again -LRB- the issue is mostly with NetFlix -RRB- . Which means that ALL account information we entered -LRB- and that 's no fun task with the remote -RRB- is gone and lost , and has to be entered again , in order for ONE app to become functional again ... a truly tedious task , seeing that the remote has a tendency to either not send a keypress , or send multiple presses at once , which is jarring when you 're attempting to enter an account name or password.Apparently , the BD-Dxxxx models -LRB- 2011 -RRB- do not have this problem , if the Samsung service rep is to be believed .
 Had this blu ray player for a little over a year . It was hooked up to my router through an ethernet cable and everything worked great . I was able to stream netflix and pandora with no problem , until a few days ago ... For no apparent reason it stopped connecting to the internet , giving me a `` Ping Gateway error '' . I am pretty tech savvy and have tried every type of troubleshooting available with no luck . I have read quite a few similar complaints about this unit and have wasted many hours trying to fix it . I finally gave up and invested in a PS3 for my blu ray and streaming.Whether I ever get this thing working properly again or not , no device should be this difficult to manage .
 This device makes you second guess if your blue ray dvd 's are damaged . I put in the dvd and it says `` error loading '' . I take it out and put it back in and then it loads . Sometimes the blue ray movie will freeze towards the end so perhaps the device is overheating . I have about 20 brand new blue rays and the device has trouble with most of them.The online software and menus are ok , not great . Samsung should outsource the their software to Microsoft or someone that specializes in software . Then they can focus on hardware quality control . Samsung gets this right with most of their products just not blue ray players .
 This is my second Samsung Blu-ray player . It does Netflix very well , that is not an issue.I did all of the firmware updates for this player . Sometimes it does n't like a Blu-Ray and then will announce that I need to download an update to the player . Well my updates are current so there is nothing to download.This player is only 3 weeks old . I purchased Avatar to watch on this player . It started out fine . Then about 45 minutes into the movie we stopped to take a break . Well it would not resume play , it said that I needed a firmware upgrade to play this blu-ray dvd.Samsung customer service and tech support are not there to help you . Their goal is to avoid product returns at all cost.In the end I returned this player and purchased a Sony Blu-Ray player . Sony invented Blu-Ray and uses it in their playstation . So they have worked out all the bugs and have an excellent line of Blu-Ray players.In general I love Samsung products , I have a nice LCD hi-def TV , and just puchased a new LED 24 inch monitor , and also have other electronic products in my home , and think they are the best . But Samsung missed the mark when it came to Blu-Ray .
 Samsung support was little to no help . In fact I came away feeling as though they put the blame on me for the Blu Ray player not working . Amazon took care of the problem without question and sent a new player along with a return shipping label .
 Decent player , but a major flaw in what should be it 's nicest feature
 As a product offering from a company who 's current ad campaign claims to feature `` smart devices '' , this blu-ray player has a few incredibly boneheaded features . First and foremost , there 's no way to cue DVDs or blu-ray discs . To clarify , the machine automatically turns off after about 15 minutes of inactivity and when it is turned back on , you 've got to wait for the menu to load and manually find your position once again . Same thing happens if you stop the DVD you 're watching and switch to Internet mode -LRB- to watch Netflix , for instance -RRB- . Your place is lost in cue and you have to manually find it . To compound this gross oversight , the player is incredibly slow to load discs and quite often the disc menu button will not work or hangs up the machine if you press it during load . I 've owned bare-bones $ 50 DVD players that know where to cue up a DVD after power-down . This is just a criminal oversight on Samsung 's part.Besides the occasional hangup , wherein the machine needs to be unplugged and rebooted , as I indicated , discs are very slow to load . When turned on , discs autoboot , which is annoying if you want to go to Internet mode because the remote buttons do n't work until the main menu loads on the disc , which can take around a minute on some discs.Speaking of the remote , another issue is incomplete functionality with my Dish Network remote . Really , Samsung -- you could n't work out a way to integrate with the Dish remote to add a PAUSE button?All in all , I 'm disappointed in this device .
 Initially this player seemed to do its job . This player has the option of updating its firmware automatically and I happened to allow it to do one such update . After this update the Internet TV functionality stopped . I have spent a lot of energy and time , working with samsung to resolve this and still this issue is not resolved . The first time I called Samsung , they said that it was a problem with their server.I called after a week and they created a ticket and asked me ship the device to another repair center -LRB- where they outsource their repairs -RRB- . The repair center calls me and tells me that they will not touch the device -LRB- as it is out of labor warranty -RRB- , unless I paid $ 50 . I asked them to return the unit.Their service is pathetic and if you are buying this player , get some extra warranty or pray that this player never fails or NEVER ever update the firmware . I plan to sell this on ebay as is and get a generic player for much less . I will atleast not feel bad for having gone with a reputed brand and be disillusioned .
 This is a good BD player in general , but one of the main reasons for the purchase was for playback of shared video files on my network . They play fine , but you do n't have an option to FF/Rew or Pause these files during playback . My other Samsung player does this without an issue . In contacting Samsung , they confirmed this is not an option on this model and offered no explaination or solution in sight . If this function is not an issue for you , then go for it . Otherwise , look for another purchase option . I 'm waiting to hear back from Vanns to see if they will take it back in exchange for another model ...
 I did love my samsung DVD blue ray player till the other day I went to show my son in law the benefits . But it went to update internet TV and it got stuck on installing update . I have tried about 4 times to update and waiting a few hours without it completing installing . I have contact Samsung and still same issue . I can use it to watch DVD 's , but no internet app . So I am looking to replace it and after two issue with Samsung products . I am looking into other brands for a better product . For I also owned an Samsung LCD TV that audio went out right after warranty expired and now I own Sharp Aquos Quattron LC-46LE821E which I love .
 My Blu-ray is very slow . My Netflix takes over 3 minutes to start each movie . I tested my internet , with 5 computers and another Blu-Ray made by LG that I bought for my mom . All the computers work great and the LG Blu-Ray only takes less than 30 seconds to start playing movies . On the Box it said ultra fast play . It should have read ultra slow with back customer service.I had a similar experience to Nittany when it came to calling Samsong support . I had to talk to around ten people before I could take it in for repair . I talked to Samie , Phong , Precious , Jed , Bill , Etc. ... . They do n't seem to care about their customers . After a little over a week plus almost another week for the repair my Blu-Ray , it was returned to me with the same problem . I guess I 'm just going to have to deal with it or get another one . I 'm really sorry to see that Samsung hates their customers so much . I was a very big fan of their tvs and for a long time would not buy anything else . Next time I 'll find another product from a different company .
 I 'm very disapointed with my BD-C5500 player . I paid top dollar compared to other players on the market . The player gave me problems off and on since I bought it , had and still have problems playing Blueray discs . If I put regular DVD 's in then it plays . If I try to update the firmware it wo n't let me using a Cd or flash drive , so I hooked up the internet direct and it says no updates available but the web site says they 're available . I think it 's a waste of money.I also bought a cheaper LG player for half the price and it plays great . Never a problem .
 Problems playing Blu-ray discs :1 . Extremely slow loading discs .2 . Does n't always resume playback if disc stopped - must start from the beginning and fast forward .3 . Does n't properly play some Blu-ray discs such as Midnight in Paris which had no audio track.Returning for a Sony or Panasonic .
 Do not buy !! Utter garbage . Stopped playing after little use . At first it would n't play a regular DVD and then it would n't play Blu-rays either . It is not even a year old . I have never had this happen to any video player I had but I had never bought a Scamsung before and will never again.Caveat emptor .
 This BD-C6500 unit worked fine for a year , then began shutting itself down at random times during play of either DVD or Blu-Ray discs . Sometimes I could restart and fast forward past the stoppage , other times it just quit and would not restart . Really a nuisance . At first I thought it might have been bad discs , but the same discs worked perfectly on our other players . Same problem with new discs . Have n't yet tried Samsung 's repair policy , but this should ' t have failed so quickly ... Would NOT buy another of these units ! Hope I 've saved someone a similar headache .
 We loved that player when we bought it . The Netflix , Youtube , Pandora and other functions were great . It worked perfectly with our Samsung tv.About eight months after we bought this Samsung player the remote stopped working . We did n't care too much as we could control the player with our TV remote anyway . Then the player would not play certain DVDs . It would stop at 10 seconds . -LRB- the DVDs were not scratched and were perfectly clean - some where new -RRB- . Once the player was about one year old we could not access Youtube and Pandora anymore . We 'd get a message saying `` Updating Software '' . We left the player updating overnight and all day long a few times and it never updated completely . Now the player does n't play at all . The TV does not detect it . There seems to be a problem with the connection as the tv picks up the player if I push on the HDMI connection at the back of the player . I can see that many five star reviews are from people who just bought it . Wait and see ... If you have n't bought it yet just stay away .
 This is my 3rd Bluray unit purchased for streaming media . I leave out disc playing because you really need side by side identical TVs to see any diffference.The other two units I 've tried are also non-wireless , Panasonic and Sony . The Panasonic is the only unit that does not have DLNA , but has the best remote and clean interface . The Sony has it all , but lacks feedback and its remote is aweful . This Samsung is in the middle , it does everything ok , but its interface it love or hate . I hate it because its not easy to navigate . My kids can use the other two as well as I can , and we all struggle a little with this one.I bought it mainly becuase I wanted the remote to be compatable with the Samsung TV its mated with . And the remote is nice , but you can only control the TV source and volume . I was hoping the DVD remote would also fully control the Samsung TV ... it does not . Had I known this , I would not have bought this unit.I have not had good luck with Samsung electronics and appliances , in fact I had my fridge exchanged after one week and my 2 year old Samsumg DVD player no longer responds . This is Samsungs last chance to have a place in my house !!! And that said , if Panasonic comes out with DLNA in their next gen Blurays , they will have the best all around Bluray player , hands down . I wont need to try other brands!EDIT
 Let me start by telling you that I am technical person and using the device was not complicated at all . With that said we had to return the device.We bought it because it had the ability to be networked and had parental controls . While playing netflix and pandora worked well the interface was clunky and not well laid out.This unit has the Samsung Allshare capability which is suppose to all you to watch home movies , photos and music . I worked extensively with Samsung to help solve issues but the software does not work reliably . In fact , whether I was on XP , Vista , or Windows 7 it just did n't work . Samsung will tell you that Windows 7 is not supported and yet it worked the best but not well enough . This ranged from the program working and the content not streaming to crashing itself or the computer.The good news is that I found something that would network . It 's made from PlayOn . You try it for 14 days at -LSB- ... -RSB- . It has the right idea where the decision making happens on the file server an just does the pushing to the player . The picture quality on this stuff was not good either.The parental controls were not very good . The parental controls are either on or off . There 's no way to authenticate conditionally on a per show basis . Also , all a kid has to do to get around it is to turn on the player and press the stop button for 10 seconds and it reverts the devices to factory settings which defeats the parental controls.The device had an exceptional picture and sound seemed really good too . It is definitely a good start just misses some key features that we wanted.loudcloud.us is where we list solutions that we have found to work well for us .
 Samsung says to reset the player if there are problems , warning that you will lose all user defined settings . I think that makes it about the same as getting a new player , which I plan to do . Why invest more time on top of everything I 've already done which has made no difference . The player often freezes completely , many times at the `` FBI Warning '' , but when it is working it is so slow that you 're never sure whether it will run or not . Unbelievably , it never remembers or holds the last place you were on the disc - it always starts over at the beginning so you get to go through all the warnings , credits , menu , etc. every time you turn it on . I 'm very sorry I bought this on the Cnet recommendation - it is just junk . My very old Oppo has none of these problems when using the same discs .
 Several Blu Ray DVD 's would freeze the entire system . The only solution was to turn the thing off and then eject the disk and watch it elsewhere.I have had it since October 2010 and the problem has persisted with such regularity that I am going to buy something to replace it.DON ' T Buy it !
 Removed from box and connected to my Samsung HDTV using an HDMI input . I noticed during the setup that the picture was flashing intermittently . After updating the firmware , I tried playing a DVD . Picture quality was poor -LRB- not sharp and somewhat jittery -RRB- . The intermittent flashes continued during DVD playback.I reconnected my old DVD HDTV 1080i player and tested with the same DVD and everything was fine . I 'm writing this review and sending this Samsung DVD player back to Amazon .
 Bought one of these just six months ago . One day would not turn on and I had ongoing issue with dvd 's cutting out and getting a black or blue screen . Called Samsung and had to send at my own expense to Long Beach , Ca . Just got it back and it will turn on but still having problems playing dvd 's . If you 're looking for streaming video just by a player throught netflix and save some money and hassle . Samsung service is inconvenient and lacks communication as to what they are actually doing.All the fancy apps . in the world do n't mean a difference if it wo n't turn on or it 's gone for weeks getting alleged service.I learned my lesson and will never buy another Samsung product as long as I live .
 This Samsung BD-C5500 Bluray player and internet device is pathetic . Completely stupid interface menu requires waiting for `` loading '' process at every step . As a bonus , it is rotten at playing Bluray discs . Freezes hopelessly .
 The `` Netflix '' feature is a lie . It does n't work , the `` Netflix App '' says `` Not connected to the Internet '' even when other internet apps -LRB- e.g. Pandora -RRB- work just fine . There are C | NET forum posts about this problem going back almost a year , with various suggested solutions -LRB- reduce the MTU on your router ?!?!? -RRB- , none of which work . Samsung does not acknowledge this as a problem , and points the finger at Netflix , who points the finger back at Samsung . This is a class action lawsuit -LRB- false advertising -RRB- waiting to happen .
 This is absolutely the worst piece of electronics I have ever purchased . Sure it plays blu-rays but the internet connection is pitiful . The picture quality of blu-ray is only part of the experience . The streaming media is really more of the experience these days . First , you have to buy their wifi adapter -- another $ 40 . Then it reverts back to wired internet every 5 minutes . Trying to watch a half hour show and you need to switch it back to wifi , turn it off , reboot ... sometimes every two minutes . Just garbage -- extremely frustrating . Spend a few extra buck and get a better machine . This one stinks !
 Samsung sent me this model after lots of phone calls to customer service , three postal returns , and failed repairs could n't solve the problems with an earlier model . This worked for about six months before it started to demonstrate a host of issues
 Bought one of these units at a wholesale club about a year ago . It 's played all of the blu-ray discs I 've put in -LRB- though I 've had to wait a week or so for firmware updates when some new movies have been released -RRB- , but if I pause playback for more than a minute or so it locks up tight and has to be power cycled to restart play.For non-disc playback , it 's inconsistent with its handling of MKV video files . Most of those play , too , but it throws errors on files often enough to be generally unreliable . I 've checked the codec information for files that do and do n't work , and have never been able to figure out what it 's balking at.The worst problem is with network connectivity -- it does n't work more often than it does . It 's connected via a wired connection with static IP . Sometimes it works great , and other times it wo n't recognize the network at all . Often it starts out fine , then drops the connection . I 'm reasonably sure that when it 's flaking out it 's also causing problems with the router , since other PCs on the home network have problems with their connections when the player is spazzing out . -LRB- This is on a network that supports seven PCs and a printer , all of which work fine when the player is n't in the mix . I 'm not a network professional , but I have a decent idea of what I 'm doing . -RRB- I bought this player based on my good experiences with Samsung monitors . Boy , was that a mistake .
 Bought unit , connected it to wireless network , and unit seemed to work . After less than an hour of use getting familiar with features of unit I received notice there was a Firmware update
 This device ... very nice when it works ... horrible and comparable to a beta level product at best when you really try to use it -LRB- should not have been released as is or passed validation/quality control - are the people at Samsung sleeping ?? -RRB- . Issues experienced in first month :1 -RRB- Firmware -LRB- master operating code for the device -RRB- will not upgrade over Internet - it downloads , turns off on its own as it 's supposed to for upgrade , but does NOT complete upgrade -LRB- yes , I do have a working connection and device confirms Internet connectivity -RRB- 2 -RRB- Samsung knows about the problem - I called them and the offered to send me a CD that will upgrade the firmware ... ETA 9 business days ... until then , it 's a decent looking piece of furniture -LRB- NOT customer oriented company - Samsung should ship this overnight to address the problem , not in 2 weeks !! -RRB- 3 -RRB- Google maps app freezes the device when you turn traffic feature on - have to turn it off and then back on to get control over device4 -RRB- Will NOT play Avatar or Percy Jackson & Olympians
 I have owned this device for about 1 month now.The 3 reasons why I bought this was to take advantage of :1 Blu-Ray player at a reasonable price2 Online content -LRB- eg . Netflix , Vudu , YouTube , Pandora etc. -RRB- 3 Network video streaming from Windows Home Server -LRB- or any other Media Connect , DLNA ready streaming server , etc. -RRB- Based upon the description , this unit would seem to cover all 3 of my goals.HOWEVER ! there are caveats , and failures along this path ... # 1 yes it is a reasonable price for a BluRay player . However , prices are coming down for these players across the board , everywhere . If what you want is simply a BluRay player at a low cost , go elsewhere . # 2 yes , it is easy to set up , and access the internet to stream from the Netflix , etc. . No worries here at all -LRB- assuming that your connection has sufficient bandwidth for video , and you know how to setup/correct your connection , etc. , should they arise -RRB- . # 3 Total Failure . On the outside of the box , the sales hype would lead you to believe -LRB- as I did -RRB- that this player was further enough along the line of the development path to support streaming content from your own in-house network , whatever it may be , including basic network shares , or more sophisticated media servers such as WHS , MMS , Niveus , etc. . However , even with a Window Media Connect , DLNA enabled server this unit will not stream your content successfully.Reasons why it fails : The C5500 -LRB- or C6500 , no difference between the units except for the inclusion of a WiFi connection -RRB- will not be able to maintain a connection -- you will be able to connect the device and stream content , but the unit will not be able to maintain a connection to your source server.Between 10 to 50 minutes into your stream , this unit will declare `` network connection lost '' . This , despite the fact that every single other device on your network is still connected , fully functional , and no log errors anywhere to help you correct this problem . This connection problem occurs regardless of whether you are using a wired or wireless connection -LRB- for wireless , you only have the option of purchasing the Samsung wireless connector , which is basically the difference in price between this unit and the C6500 -RRB- . Once this happens , all you can do is turn the unit off , turn it back on again , reconnect to your media streaming server , find your media , start it all over again , then find your place again for viewing . A long , tedious , unwanted procedure.This unit is limited in the content it can play . Very limited . Especially audio.The limitation on network connection sustainability plus content playability could be a firmware issue . Samsung has already released at least 1 firmware upgrade since this product 's release only a short while ago -LRB- this is a very new product , as of Q1 2010 -RRB- . However , for the price , and what is available as an alternative -LRB- with much higher playback quality -RRB- , this unit fails for your home theatre streaming requirements.Yet another reason why this device fails
 Playing DVDs both Blu-ray and standard definition is slow and non-responsive . A few times I 've had to restart the player to get it to play . The streaming Netflix works maybe 50 % of the time . I can stream Netflix via Mac Mini , Wii , and Roku player . None of these seem to be giving me any problems , so I do not think it is a network issue -LRB- or speed issue -RRB- on my end or a Netflix issue . FYI
 This blu-ray worked fine for a couple months . Now it is the most frustrating piece of crap I own . I would have expected a knock-off brand to perform like this . Samsung took a big hit on credibilty with me by making such a piece of junk . The blu-ray freezes at some point during the movie , every time , even with brand new movies . You have to completely reboot the machine and fast forward to get back where you were . Do yourself a favor and do not buy this . I will probably not buy a Samsung blu-ray again because of how aweful this one is ...
 Well I read the reviews on this device and from the positive things I gathered I decided to order it . It looks nice coming out of the box . It is light and sleek.However using the thing was extremely frustrating . Netflix menus seems to start just fine and I can scroll through the various movies with ease . However once I start a movie or TV show it takes literally 2-3 minutes to load . Sure for some people that may not be a big deal , but to me this device is new enough to be faster than my much older devices that load in a snap . The picture quality of Netflix is very good however . But because I use netflix so often and usually for TV shows , the load time is very frustrating.Now the main beef I have is the frozen main menu screen . I loaded my Scott Pilgrim movie -LRB- very new release -RRB- and it will sit on the menu screen frozen and will not respond to any command for several minutes except power off and the Main Main menu . Unacceptable . Not all of my blurays take so long to unfreeze the title menu , but just one is enough for me.Picture quality -- great . The thing plays well when it plays . It is very sharp and crisp . However the VERY slowness of the device is a complete let down . I returned the first one I ordered to see if it was just broken but the second one I received played just the same.Sound -- very good . I use the digital connection and it sounds great with my surround sound .5 stars for sharp image , good sound and it is a good looking device .1 star for loading time and frozen blu-rays menus . Overall 2 stars.So , if you have loads of patience and can sit for several minutes waiting on loading screens , I recommend it . If you want a device to work promptly and do what it was designed to do in an appropriate time then move along . This is not the device for you .
 Most of the glitches were tolerable until now . I used this Samsung 5500 Blu-Ray player to access Netflix last Friday afternoon . Friday evening I turned it on and it would not give me access to the Internet services until I performed an update of the software . The progress bar showed that it updated successfully from vers . 1025 to v. 1027.0 , BUT now I can not access any Internet services . 5 calls to Samsung tech support have not helped . Each time they walk me thru the `` factory reset '' process which DOES NOT reset to the ORIGINAL software version . They said there is no way to return to the previous software version . They said my only option is to send it in for repair . Considering it has been glitchy many times in showing photos from a doggle , or accessing photos & music from main computer -LRB- all wired connections -RRB- , I think this is my new doorstop and I will get a computer for media internet access . Tech support did say that somebody from a higher technical level would call me , ... 24 hours and waiting . -LRB- They could not connect me at the time because the technicians were too busy , ... obviously not the ONLY glitch !!! -RRB- Update note
 I purchased this for my Sony LCD a year and a half ago . Since then I have grown frustrated with the menu select delay in the netflix interface . The delay is 5-10 seconds and is rather annoying . Blu rays are not a clear as Sony . Some DVD will freeze . Best advice , pair Sony with Sony devices . I just got Sony s590 and see less delay and better picture quality .
 Bought this over two years ago , and only have a handful of blu ray discs . Works well for other tasks but will be buying another player since it does not play blu ray discs without freezing during playback . Loud clunking noises from the disc player and terrible playback experience . Customer service is a joke , they told me that unplugging the HDMI would fix it . -LRB- It did not . -RRB- Surprised at the positive reviews on this product , but suspect they do not use it for blu ray discs .
 I 'm not super critical of most things , Samsung is one of our favorite brands . We have their TV , soundbar , blu-ray , etc. . That said , this blu-ray is n't one of Samsung 's better products.-We got this on a deal that you get a wireless adapter free with the purchase of the blu-ray . Wireless on the blu-ray I think is a must ! So unless you have a good deal on a wireless adapter I 'd just get a blue ray with one already built into the player . Check out the cost difference I guess , but be aware of it does not have the wireless already.-It has the great feature of switching from DVD to blu-ray discs BUT it has a really hard time transitioning to DVD 's much of the time ! It varies between different DVD 's . Sometimes you put a DVD in and it works just fine , other times it wo n't register the DVD at all , which is frustrating . We do know how to fix this problem though ... -LRB- in case you need help with this -RRB- - You can hit your blue `` D '' -LRB- view devices -RRB- button to get the player specifically on `` DVD '' but usually if there 's already a problem it does n't workthe first time . Then you have to turn off the blu-ray player completely , re-power it up , and keep hitting the `` Stop '' button before it tries/failsto load the DVD then hit the blue `` D '' button and it will usually work ... Really it 's annoying.-There have been times when we 're trying to watch a blu-ray disc and everything will freeze on the disc 's `` menu '' so I have to power off , unplug it -LRB- sometimes just powering off does n't fix it -RRB- , re-plug it in , and turn it back on again for the blu-ray to work ... Annoying , it will work.-Durability is n't the best . My kids would occasionally open/close the flap that covers where the DVD/Blu-Rays come out -LRB- not yanking it hard at all -RRB- , of course I would stop them but it would happen from time to time and it broke off completely and ca n't be put back on again . I wish it was attached to the actual little `` drawer '' that holds the movie , which I think would make it more sturdy . We have a different DVD player in the playroom that 's a few years older and it is still intact unlike this Samsung Blu-Ray . Now dust probably gets inside which can make it more glitchy.-The automatic `` movie start up '' can be annoying if there happens to still be a disc inside , especially if you just want to use Netflix instead . It 's like there is a delay as everything is coming on so I have to keep hitting the stop or menu button so it wo n't start loading because you do n't know when it will actually start loading.So yes , with a wireless ADAPTER it has great features , hulu plus , netflix , etc. . Yes , it works alright , BUT it can be sooooo temperamental and is n't the most sturdy blu-ray . Some days it works just great , other days not so much . So if you like my helpful hints , go ahead and get it and know you might have small issues from time to time , otherwise check out a slightly nicer player .
 I bought this primarily for the internet connectability a while ago and for use with the apps -LRB- Netflix , Pandora , MLB , etc. -RRB- . It is disastrously slow , and that is with a wired connection . The software is extremely buggy - oftentimes requiring to enter user names and passwords several times . I am thinking that perhaps the device is just too buggy to be useful . Using the same internet on the same TV - I can get an MLB game to run flawlessly on a Roku or Apple TV wired or wirelessly while it just buffers on this thing . It ca n't handle Cinema Now or Vudu well either - while the other devices can . Netflix is a bit buggy , but not as bad . So it 's not my network ... Even moving around the menus within the device itself is excruciatingly slow.I did n't give it one star because , well it does play a blu ray disc or DVD but again , like others have said that is pretty slow to load as well . So it is n't a COMPLETE disaster . But if you 're looking to use the apps - I 'd suggest you keep looking .
 Samsung used to be a quality name , now Samsung seems to have fallen behind many other `` mid-range '' electronics in terms of quality and reliability.Bought this player for Christmas , worked well for a week or so , then freezes and glitches started to occur . Has n't worked right since , I strongly suggest you do not buy this player , and do your homework if you are buying ANY Samsung products .
 The main reason I bought this player was to stream Netflix . I was initially disappointed by the fact that the wireless adapter was not included . After spending another $ 70 on the adapter , the player would not connect to the internet . Support had little to offer in regards to help . They get paid top bucks to tell you to reset the player , unplug the player or to call tier 2 support . After 2 weeks of troubleshooting , I finally was able to get the player to connect to internet on my own -LRB- had to unplug the adapter , reset my router/modem and reset the player . -RRB- After a day of being pleasantly surprised that it was working , it stopped working making me yet again reset to the factory defaults.I also was in shock at how Samsung completely ignored usability standards , making the interface difficult to navigate , full of bugs and overall an unpleasant experience.However , when this works , it works well . The picture is clear and netflix stays connected .
 First I would like to say that I have been a Samsung fan for years . Many of my electronics have been from them.So when I decided to purchase a blue ray player , I chose Samsung due to my previous experiences.I purchased the BD-C5500 in March of 2010 for a cost of $ 175 ; however at the time I did n't have a high def television so I never even opened the box . I waited until Memorial weekend to buy my television -LRB- great sales -RRB- . After my television and stand were delivered I discovered the stand was broken . Best Buy told me to call the stands manufacturer to get replacements for the broken pieces , well long story short , I got the run around . I finally get everything settled , it is now July 2010 . I set up the tv and what not , finally get to open and set up my player . So far so good.Fast forward to July of 2011 . Watching the latest blue ray with the kids , no problem . Next day went to visit my mother for two weeks . Get back , open a just released blue ray movie I got from Amazon ... it wo n't play . It did play the dvd that came with just fine . Thinking I need to update my firmware , but did n't have internet at the time . Ok so I 'll just have to watch the dvd 's of the new movies until my internet gets installed . Couple of days later , pop in a previous owned blue ray in , wo n't play . Strange . Get the blue ray movie I watched with the kids the day before visiting my mom . I know that one works ... but it did n't . Called Samsung . No help . Reset the player , did n't work . Have done everything Samsungs customer -LRB- cough -RRB- service told me to do . End result , I had to buy a new player . As for the old , it 's an expensive dvd player.I would have thought this player was an exception to Samsungs quality , except many of my Samsung products that I have purchased after 2009 are failing , and more importantly , when you call Samsung you get the run around . They have zero accountability for their products . They pass the buck , it 's because of this , or that . In truth what they are doing is finding ways to postpone and drag out the trouble-shooting process until the warranty is up , then magically they advise you that you need to send the product in for repair , 100 % at your expense.Sadly I am very disappointed in Samsung ... I am also glad I chose to buy the LG washer/dryer over Samsung!Thank you for taking the time to read my `` story '' . If your eyes are n't strained from reading this book , and you found my experience helpful , please vote . : - -RRB-
 I purchased the C5500 blu-ray player and a blu-ray disc at the same time . Hooked up the player only to find out it was already obsolete and needed a software upgrade . I spent hours uploading to a disc as recommended by customer service -LRB- I have very slow internet service . Obviously not broadband . -RRB- The disc did not work to upgrade the player and customer service told me to try a flash drive . Another couple hours trying to download that version and it worked.The worst part is that the player stops in the middle of a movie and will not move on unless I turn off the player , turn it back on , wait for the movie to load and move to the last scene it played . It must be some kind of memory issue , if there is such a thing connected with blu-ray players.I 'm on my 3rd software update and none of them have helped .
 The player works ok if you never ever want to skip the previews . If you love watching all the adds that come with disks and do not mind waiting 15 min or so to start the movie buy this player . Actually most samsung players are like this . They generate nice video output . But they make it almost impossible to skip the previews . I hate being forced to watch all the previews so it drives me up the wall . They disable the ff and skip button along with all the menu options . Ie they are a good licensee and not a company for me .
 I am disappointed with my Samsung player . It was very easy to setup , has an intuitive interface , and fantastic video . I have had a number of problems however .1 . Blu-Ray DVDs pause and skip -LRB- Avatar would n't play at all -RRB- 2 . Audio does n't always play from Netflix . The work-around is to first go to the Samsung channel and play one of their `` how-to '' videos for a few seconds THEN launch Netflix3 . I ca n't add Amazon instant TV or Hulu Plus to my apps . I 'm stuck with the few they provide or have agreements withOther than that the Samsung is an okay device . The company is diligent with firmware upgrades but my original problems remain . I am not sure if I will buy another .
 It 's hard to rate an item that was dead out of the box ... I really needed it for a specific purpose -LRB- A GIFT -RRB- and had to run to a local Walmart and pay more money for a simailar item ... . It 's frustrating ... The least that Samsung could do is test it before it ships to a retailer ...
 I owned the one its replacing -LRB- BDP 1600 -RRB- and I would be very careful about their firmware updates , they actually ruin the bluray player . Based on the reviews it sounds like they still ca n't figure it out . Samsung should stop making bluray players . They are not up to speed with technology . They play nice for a few months then you have to deal with the horrible support staff they have , which in the end does not do anything other than aggravate you . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Samsung tech support struggled with this player for a week and they even agreed that I should just return it . Everything was working EXCEPT they could n't get it to connect to the internet.I downloaded the latest firmware update onto a jump drive and it updated flawlessly . No help.I got conflicting statements from Samsung techs . Strangely , you have to enable this device for the internet through Samsung 's own server . Most of the techs would give up and state that their server was down . Now and then , one would say that the server was OK and then a higher level would say it was down . That went on for a week.It appeared that they have some kind of a software issue that they could n't resolve but they would n't admit it . I have a different brand on order .
 The only reason to use the words `` Wireless LAN ready '' is to fool people into thinking it is , only to find out after buying it that it is not and you have to purchase a $ 70 adapter for wireless to work .
 the wifi ready only takes specific samsung usb adapter , 70 $ ! if you direct wire i am sure it is fine ... but factor in 70 $ or buy one that has wifi built in ... not `` wifi capable '' ... i returned this item because it was not clearly marked , lost 8 $ shipping ! so beware !
 I 've owned three Samsung Blu Ray players this unit would not even get to the setup screen.Worst piece of garbage ever ! Will never buy another Samsung product ever ...
 I purchase this bluray player about a week ago . The intial set up went smoothly . I was prompted to do a firmware upgrade . Once I did it , the wirless stoped working and I called samsung . They advised me to reset the unit , which I did . That did not help . I am getting ready to send it back to Amazon . I am really dissappointed with Samsung . I can not believe they roll out these new products without testing them . Their quality control does not exist .
 Hello , I got this for xmas and it lasted til early February . I returned the item and was charged a hefty return fee . I get you get what you pay for . Check reviews , Samsung and Panasonic have the best products on the market and do n't cost that much more . Believe me , a few dollars up front with save you the aggravation I 'm facing right now.That 's my two cents , Matt
 This was yet another modern piece of junk being foisted on the American people by corporate earth . I feel pretty ripped off unless Fry 's takes it back . Problem one is that I ca n't read anything but the lighted buttons without reading glasses and this particular piece of junk does n't even have the model number on the front so I have to lift the unit up to read the back to even find that -LRB- if I do n't look at the manual which is for various models -RRB- . This shows how stupid corporations have become . It is all about bad CEO 's that stockholders should be dumping like bad apples . They are waaaay over paid.Forget about Netflix or any other streaming . This piece of junk ca n't hold a connection . Much of the time , it does n't even know its on the Internet . This is what happens when you hire uneducated young programmers that do n't have a passion for working at a corrupt corporation . They are just very bad at what they do and are mostly over paid for doing it - just like their CEO . I would suppose that on a perfect day when the stars and Internet are in perfect alignment , this player will show a streamed Netflix video . However , I dare not hold my breath.I 'm going to prey that Fry 's takes this piece of junk back . So much for the SAMSUNG brand . Hope they get a clue before they send all their workers to the unemployment lines.Michael Patrick MurphyThe Small Businessman everywhere on the Internet
 What an utter piece of junk - I had all kinds of software issues even after applying the latest firmware update . Unlike the LG BD550 et al , the Vudu streaming app does n't let you watch a preview of the HD / HDX content ; the Samsung has low resolution trailers only . I was n't able to get the Picasa app to accept any of my Google usernames or passwords . The user interface is slow , cumbersome to use , and looks blurred . The Samsung Apps concept is a cool idea but the execution is terrible , and there are virtually no apps right now . The remote control is equally unintuitive - the buttons you need are scattered around randomly , and there are no tactile clues for your fingers to figure out where the most important buttons are , so in a dark room you have to peer intensely at the almost invisible markings or you end up pressing the wrong buttons . The DLNA streaming did n't work with Windows 7 , J River Media Center * or * Nero MediaHome - almost every single video or audio file that I tried -LRB- including AVI , WMV , MKV , MP3 and FLAC -RRB- gave me an `` Unsupported media type '' error , and I tried all the transcoding options on the server side ; and the sound was muted in the one MP3 I was able to get to play . The DLNA player frequently lost its connection to the server too.On the plus side , the touch buttons on the front panel of the main player unit are very nice , with the caveat that you will accidentally press them when accessing the USB port . Maybe this player will get better with firmware updates , but it 's going to be at least a few months I think . The software feels like an early alpha release that should never have made it out to the public . Shame on you , Samsung .
 This device will not play BR movies from your computer to your TV . If your looking for strickly an internet portal for you TV , its an OK device . I 'm going to re-wrap it and give it to someone I do n't like for X-mas !
 This is my first blue ray player . I wanted to be able to use netflix , so thought this unit would be perfect . i bought this in January , used once , then left town for 3 months . Came back late April , used it maybe 3 more times , then it went dead . Wo n't even turn on . I talked to Samsung and they said it needed to be sent to repair , but much to my surprise , the warranty only covers 3 months of labor at a service center an hour away . So it would cost me more to fix this than it 's worth . I had this unit on a surge protector outlet , and the cable box and tv also plugged into that outlet work fine , so it was n't an electricity problem . A unit that plays less than 10 times before dying is just unacceptable . Very disappointed in Samsung .
 Nothing but problems ! I bought the Samsung BDC5500 from Sam 's Club after my LG Blu-Ray player had a hardware malfunction . I chose the BDC5500 for its rather extensive features list , and because I own a Samsung Series 8 full 1080p , 120hz HD LCD TV . I figured that by buying a Samsung Blu-Ray player I would n't need to worry about complicated set up procedures or compatibility issues , boy was I wrong!After getting it home and wired up correctly -LRB- a relatively easy process -RRB- I powered it on . It walked me through the standard set up procedure which included a software update and seemed to be working fine until suddenly -LRB- while still in the main unit `` features '' menu -RRB- the screen went blank . An Error message on my television read `` MODE NOT SUPPORTED . '' I tried powering it off , then resetting it to the default settings but got the very same message every time , and always in a completely random fashion.I called Samsung Tech Support and was told that in order to avoid this problem I would need to downgrade the Blu-Ray player output to 720p . After quizzing the support agent as to why I should have to do this when I own not only a FULL 1080p TV , but a SAMSUNG FULL 1080p TV , I was told that the unit might not be compatible with that model TV . I could n't believe it . My TV is barely 2 years old , and while I understand technology changes quickly , there is no reason whatsoever that I can buy a brand new LG Blu-Ray player and have no computability issues , but cant buy a new Samsung player and have it `` just work '' with my -LRB- still cutting edge -RRB- Samsung television.My conclusion is that the problem has nothing to do with my TV , and EVERYTHING to do with the BDC5500 Blu-Ray player . What I thought might be a Lemon turned out to be a common occurrence -LRB- based on other Amazon reviews -RRB- . I will be returning this unit and getting a Sony or another LG . Its a shame , I love my other Samsung electronics but this one is a lost cause . Heed the advice and warnings posted in these reviews , THIS DEVICE HAS MAJOR PROBLEMS ! Save your $ $ and get something else . Good Luck !
 I have a Samsung plasma TV , and bought this player because it integrates incredibly well with it using a nice single remote . Very happy.BUT the built-in PC connection is only for Windows computers . No love for Apple owners . So a big piece of functionality stares at me , unusable , because Samsung does n't play at all with Apple . Very unhappy.AND this player does play some digital content , like Netflix , very nicely . BUT It does not play the new Hulu Plus . For that you need a Samsung 3D player , even though Hulu is not 3D . Double extra unhappy .
 Bought this for the dlna/allshare feature to be able to stream from my phone hd video to the device . . it doesnt work for squat . . it sees the phone and lets me browse videos . . starts playing one then freezes up and minutes later jumps to the next/wrong video.this is with a samsung phone with allshare . . their own companies products dont play together .
 The large print giveth - the small print taketh away.The information on the box proudly proclaims
 As a blu ray player no problems . DVDs are the problem.Almost everytime I load a dvd it wont load or get 's to the FBI warning screen and just sits there until I open it again and then reload.DVD quality is great . Also the manual open close button is sporadic . Had this problem with a previous Samsung DVD player , Not happy with Samsung , , , quality is going down accdring to recent periodicals.Will not buy another Samsung player , go Sony or LG .
 I just bought this product . Looks nice and slick . However , the box says it is wireless ready but they do n't include the adapter . Even worse , you ca n't use another adapter than a Samsung . On top of that , the damn adapter costs $ 80 , where you can get a regular adapter for $ 15 ! That 's not an honest strategy from Samsung . And even though I can afford the adapter , I will return the product .
 The first Blu-Ray disk I purchased wanted an upgrade to the firmware and there isnt anything on samsung 's website higher than what I have.The network broke after 3 weeks and no no Netflix.I would n't recommend this product to anyone
 I bought this player primarily for the Netflix and Vudu access ... neither worked . I used a wired network connection which tests just fine . I can ping the Samsung from a pc on my home network continuously with no drops . However , when trying to activate Vudu , Netflix , or even doing the software upgrade I get various messages telling me `` Network Connection has been lost '' . I wasted about 2 hours trying to get this thing working with no luck . I 'm taking it back first thing in the morning ... If you want this simply for playing Blu Ray discs then I guess it 's okay . But if you are looking for any of the streaming services , do not purchase this product !!!
 One of the worst products I 've ever purchased . It only plays some of my Blu-Ray DVDs , but not all of them . On the newer DVDs , it tells me I need a software update . My computer-savvy son and wife followed the directions explicitly , but the update did n't work . When I called Samsung , the customer service representative told me two ways to fix it . Neither worked . She stated that sometimes it takes up to two minutes to get it to work , and then she refused to stay on the line with me for those two minutes to see if it would fix the problem . She told me I would have to call back if it did n't work . This is some of the worst customer service I had ever received . Guess what ? It did NOT work ! I do n't know if this has something to do with the fact that I bought it at Costco , but this Blu-Ray player is going back tomorrow . It 's worth the extra money to get something that actually works .
 Purchased the Blu-Ray player from Costco last weekend and will be returning it tomorrow . The day I purchased the unit , I spent good 12 hours trying to update the firmware and trying to get all the different so called applications installed/upgraded . For some reason the upgrade process was very slow and painful . It took multiple attempts to get it to the latest version . For some reason the unit kept trying to upgrade between the memory and the Mahjong games , it must have attempted to upgrade just those two games at least 4 times . During this process for some reason the video kept flickering intermittently . I thought after the firmware upgrade that problem would go away but no such luck . The problem continues to occur even when playing regular movies and streaming video . And I 'm using the same HDMI cable that I 've had been using for my regular DVD player , the Sony Blu-Ray Palyer and even the samsung . As soon as I disconnected the Samsung player and connected by old sony dvd player , it worked fine . I guess I 'll be going back to Sony . At least I did n't have any of these issues with Sony .
 Hands down , the buggiest electronic component I 've owned . Thank goodness Amazon returns are easy . Just hooked up Sony and far superior performance .
 Samsung pulled a fast one . I bought this player and started to set it up . I immediately got a message as follows , `` Due to a change of WiFi policy , this player can not support the TKIP security type in 802.11 mode . In that case , check a security setting on the Access Point '' . After about 8 hours and two calls to AT&T ; , my DSL carrier , to confirm my settings , I gave up . If you go to Computer Fix forums on the Internet , you will learn that very few buyers of this unit can connect it to the Internet . Some of the `` solutions '' were in `` geek speak '' and I had no idea what they were talking about . My neighbor , who is a computer maven , was unable to help nor did he understand the `` solutions '' . No where in the model specs does it mention this change in WiFi policy.I called Amazon and returned the unit . I then ordered a Sony from Amazon which has not yet arrived and is the same model my neighbor owns . He said he hooked it up and got an Internet connection within minutes.Buyer Beware !
 It 's a decent BluRay player so I gave it two stars , but the reason I bought this unit was for the Internet apps , which are a real disappointment . They are worse than worthless . I say worse than worthless because not only are they so clunky and slow no one would use them , Samsung forces you to wait to use the device until even more new worthless apps are pushed to you ! It pushes new worthless applications until the memory is maxed out . When you connect if often installs an `` update '' -LRB- with no way to opt out -RRB- which can take 15 minutes or more installing things you do n't want during which the system is inaccessible . If you delete apps , next time you connect it reloads them again.The exceptions are Vudu , Blockbuster , and Pandora . These at least work as you would expect . Youtube would be nice if it was full featured like the Web site , which it is definitely not . You ca n't even access your playlists , in fact more than half the time I ca n't log in to my YouTube account at all on this BluRay player.Samsung support is a joke . But you already knew that ...
 After I got this , I wish I had n't . I had to configure the player in order to play DVDs , a feature that should have been set before I opened the box . Worked fine for a few months after that , but then started acting up . The player makes a whining noise while playing many DVDs and BDs , but not all . It also beeps and makes awful noises through the speakers when the disc tray is open . And it started turning subtitles on by itself and the only way I could turn it off is by shutting down the player then opening and closing the disc tray.Samsung in general has been going down in quality over the past few years . If I were you , I would buy a different brand .
 This is the first review that I have written and I only do it to save others from the mistake of buying this device . If you want to watch DVDs , prepare to be frustrated across the board . DVDs do n't eject , so you have to power off device and power back on and hit eject button immmediately , often times you have to do this several times before it works . It also never remembers your last place on the DVD . I had an Onkyo DVD from about 10 years ago that was way better than this one . This has to be one of the worst devices I have ever bought.Only positive is that streaming works fairly well , although frustrating that you do n't have access to Hulu .
 First of all , I bought this thing for it 's ability to do DLNA . That was a huge , huge mistake . I use CODECs that the manual says the player will support -LRB- H. 264 -RRB- , I use an actual DLNA server , -LRB- Twonky usually -RRB- , and to say the least , it does n't work . I can see all of my movies in the list , but the only things I could actually play were some really old web videos I downloaded years ago , Quicktime and AVI formats of unknown CODEC . The H. 264 videos would not play no matter what I did , with my dedicatedIomega Home Media 1 TB Network Attached Storage 34337 , which runs Twonky , or Media Tomb on my Linux machine , nor Twonky on my mobile phone . It did JPEG images and MP3 's just fine , it did n't play back OGG Vorbis files -LRB- 99 % of my music -RRB- . The same files it could not play over DLNA could be played from the USB port , but ONLY if I changed the file extension from . m4v to . mp4 . I refuse to jack around with moving a USB drive back and forth between my BluRay player and my computer for file maintenance . One glimmer of hope , iMedia Share on my Android phone worked with it , even for the movies that would n't work otherwise . I refuse to stream from my phone to my BluRay player . I do n't have a Windows machine so the included software does n't work for me , but the reviews I 've read of that are n't that great either.Off of the DLNA subject for a bit : There are some great apps available . There was a really cool one I fail to remember the name of that has lots of music videos available to stream . It plays back BluRay movies and DVDs without a hitch.I like the remote control.The menu response is sluggish , I often double pushed buttons thinking the previous push had n't taken.Long story short , if you do n't intend to do anything like DLNA and you can handle the incredibly sluggish menu 's this may be for you . It 's an excellent BluRay player , just do n't try to use it for anything more than that.I have replaced my Samsung with aLG BD670 3D Wireless Network Blu-ray Disc Player with Smart TVThe LG works exactly as it should with my DLNA/UPNP equipment . ---------------------------------------------- To the person who marked my very technical review as not helpful - do you have an actual technical question you want answered , or are you just `` not helpful cause I do n't do DLNA or even know what it is !!!!! `` I 've since given this thing away to a friend as it was useless to me after putting my LG in place .
 Late November 2010 we bought this Samsung Blu-ray with high hopes since all of our electronics are Samsung . It was shipped on time & was really nice packed & we do like the slim design BUT once unpacked & set up we stuck in the movie Avatar & could not watch it ! Soooo disappointing . We called Samsung & were told that we would have to buy the wireless adapter to watch this -LRB- and many -RRB- movies and not only would we have to buy this $ 60 product we would have to order directly from them for what ever reason but one being that this Blu-ray was already discontinued !!! We read the reviews before buying and yes saw that a few complained but only about not being able to watch streamline like Netflix . We have a Wii that we use for Netflix so that one negative review really did n't bother us . All in all IF your family is like ours & like to watch all the new releases then I would NOT purchase this specific Blu-ray player because many movieswill not play . Purchase the Blu-ray that is already comlpletely wireless setup it will be cheaper to buy one that is ready than this one that is slightly cheaper only to find out you have to buy a $ 60 adapter to make it play the Blu-ray disks you want to watch ... . Although the picture & sound quality is really good we are Sadly Disappointed in this product because for us it has very limited use as it !!!
 This product is awful . I thought it would be nice to watch movies from my PC on my tv and to have apps to view Facebook , the weather , Hulu etc. . You ca n't watch Hulu on this model . To download the `` free '' apps you have to register on the Samsung website where they REQUIRE a credit card , even if you only want to download the free apps . What a joke . The picture is not any better than my old DVD player . Not worth it at all . I returned this the next day . By the way , the Samsung website wo n't let you post a review unless it is 4 stars or more . I will not buy any of their products in the future .
 The remote did n't work right out of the box . After spending some time with Samsung Customer support I was told it 's their policy to wait 1 to 2 weeks before replacing a non-functional remote ! WHY ???? It 's pretty hard to use the Blu-ray player without a remote . They have my money and I 'm left waiting with a useless player ... thanks a lot Samsung ! I should have spent the extra $ 20 and bought a Sony . I will never buy a Samsung product again .
 This player is fairly inexpensive , but it shows . It freezes up frequenly during movies , and a whole lot during Netflix streaming . The interface is sloppy , and poorly designed . They really did not think this one through . Good price though . Not sure it is worth the aggrivation .
 Th performance of this unit seems to be fine . But when I pause long enough for the unit to power down , the disc will freeze . I can turn the unit back on , the on-screen display indicates that it is playing , but the image does n't change . It stays frozen at the point where I paused it.The only fix I 've found is to eject the disc , which takes me back to the beginning menu and previews.Incredibly annoying . I 've never had any other dvd player with this problem .
 the player started making a very loud noise and failing only a few months after I bought the drive , unfortunately it was already after the extremely short return window had expired , this was a bad purchase decision
 This player has serious problems with audio going out of sync on non disc video files . I bought THE player exclusively for playing back stuff like AVI and MKV only to realize that 9 out of 10 of my videos had sync problem that do not occur when playing back on the PC.It functions well enough as a DVD/Bluray player , but not much else.Samsung support did not return my email about the issue and the latest firmware does n't fix the issue.I would not recommend this player .
 Player was fine for first 6 months , then we started having problems getting a disc to load . Sometimes had to try 2 or 3 times . Now we 've had the player for just over a year a it has developed a noise during playback . Basically , whenever it is spinning a disc it makes a loud grinding noise that is audible throughout the room with the tv at normal volume . Very dissatisfied with the product .
 I looked around and read all of the reviews for this product and the information on the Samsung site . Unfortunately I missed the hundreds of please for help online from people who were trying to have a wired Ethernet connection from their wireless router to their blu-ray player . There really are complaints after complaints from people who say their internet provider wo n't give them the manual network install information after the blu-ray player 's auto detection of the settings only provides information that ca n't let them access Netflix , firmware updates , etc. . I had the same issue , contacted cable internet provider and they said reboot the modem . I called Samsung support twice and they said just buy the Samsung LAN adapter , the lowest price for which I found was $ 60 . Plus tax , the entire setup would be around $ 170 and not the $ 99 price you are seeing here . I lodged a complaint .
 This player generally works very well , even better than the previous Samsung generation . I have no complaints with how it plays DVD and Blu-ray discs.The online content features need work . First , any potential purchaser needs to keep in mind that this is a `` walled garden '' device . You can not access anything on the Web , but only the particular applications that Samsung permits . These apps are Pandora , Netflix , Vudu -LRB- not Hulu -RRB- , Blockbuster , and You Tube , plus the weather and a few poor games , etc. . Any future applications are purely at the whim of Samsung and Samsung does n't appear to have much interest in expanding . That is the way they will get people to buy new devices.The Pandora application works flawlessly . It is an excellent implementation of a web application on the television . It has a good interface , works quickly , and is easy to use.You Tube is another story . The videos load slowly . The fast-forward control jumps ahead 30 seconds but takes half of that time simply to make the jump . If you want to jump ahead two minutes then you have to click , wait 15 seconds , click , wait 15 seconds , click , wait 15 seconds , click , wait 15 seconds . Yes , some software engineer actually got paid six figures to design this . However , the worst attribute is attempting to search . The search term can be entered with the keypad on the remote control in the same way that you would spell a word on your telephone . But the keypad is slow and unresponsive so that it 's easy to misspell a word . If you misspell letter there is no button on the remote for delete , instead you have to hit the cursor button and navigate to a special key on screen and press it for delete , and then navigate on the screen to go back to where you were typing before . Very slow.The worst is Netflix . I love Netflix , and streaming movies work very well . The quality of the video depends upon the speed of your connection . It appears that here in the Seattle area Comcast is slowing down the connection so that the resulting video quality is about the same as a DVD or slightly worse . Do not expect Blu-ray quality . Nevertheless , the convenience is fantastic . The problem with Netflix is that in order to set up the device you have to enter a special code at the Netflix website on your computer . That 's not a big deal , except every week or two Netflix will refuse to stream video unless you enter a new code . This means that you have to get up from your couch , go over to your computer , boot it up , open a browser , go to Netflix , login , navigate to your account information , search around to find out where you 're supposed to put the code , then enter the code , and then return to the couch . I have had this Samsung player since it came out and this has happened every week or two since . The firmware has been updated multiple times with no change . Netflix says that it is a Samsung problem . Samsung refuses to answer support e-mails . I have no idea whose problem it is . All I know is that if I were to shop for a Blu-ray player again , I would not buy this one .
 As a cheap blu-ray player I was not hoping for much . Been having issues with the audio being out of sync with the video . This happens both with surround sound through my stereo and when using the tv speakers with the audio piped directly from HDMI . I 'd avoid this one .
 I got a BD-C5550 for Christmas and it was a fine little player ... for less than 4 months ! With just enough time for my labor warranty to be expired , the unit decided this week to STOP READING BLU-RAY DISCS . Oddly , it 's still able to load a regular dvd , but it can no longer read a Blu-ray . It just ejects them.When I called Samsung 's customer service line -LRB- and to be fair , I got through to a person immediately and she was very nice and helpful -RRB- , they helped me reset the machine and make sure it had the latest firmware . It still would n't load a Blu-ray disc . At that point , I was told I would need to send it in for repair.The unit itself was bought for Christmas for less than $ 130 . Samsung wants $ 50 in labor charges -LRB- paid up front -RRB- + I have to pay to ship it to them in order to fix it . That 's about $ 70 to fix a machine that barely costs more than that.I know that electronics can and do fail all the time , but this machine has BARELY been used over the last few months and for it to already stop working means that I will never buy another Samsung product again . I thought they were a brand I could trust .
 The menu is a bit confusing BUT that may be because I am a novice to media streaming . I am a bit disappointed in the movies and TV programs offered . I have only tried Net-Flex and Amazon Prime does not have an application to view their offerings . As I am using only an old 32 '' LED Computer/TV monitor ; I have just a composite connection . The results are very acceptable . I will add to this review when I get the Sony 46 '' TV connected . I have just a small network and need to extend it to the TV room . I DO NOT like wireless connections and this unit needs an adapter to connect wireless .30 DEC11 , I have tried other DVD movies but few of of my older DVDs will play . That means that I will need another DVD player . However Blu-Ray disks play fine . I had to change my ratting from a 4 to a 2 because of it not being able to play my other DVDs .
 I bought this unit because of features and fair price . I was excited to play Avatar . If that is your intent DO NOT BUY this unit !!!!! My trouble started when first installing the unit . It would not connect to the internet . Only after I did first firmware update did it connect to the internet . I have never been able to load the BD version of avatar . The unit indicates an update is required to play the movie . I waited patiently for the next update . It arrive this week over the internet - at least one thing worked . But unfortunately , the Avatar will still not play.The problem appears to be with the Avatar movie . The Disc plays flawlessly in a PS3 . This unit also plays other BD discs without problem . But DONT BUY this unit if you want to play Avatar .
 My player ` stutters ' when it does play Blu-rays but now it wo n't even play most new Blu-ray titles . I have the most updated software update but it does n't help.I have been a big fan of Samsung in the past . I love my 46 '' LCD tv but this has just turned me . Not to mention they were sued over their crap blu-ray players before . I wish I had known that before I bought this one . -LRB- i did n't buy from amazon -RRB- . This is unacceptable and I will avoid samsung from here on out.So here I sit with my new shiny copy of Expenables 2 and I ca n't watch it until I go out and spend more money on a new blu-ray player worth a damn .
 There is a problem with this unit and its interaction with my Samsung LCD TV . I have every reason to belive the problem is in the player . There are intermittently loud pops and cracks while watching discs , as well as streaming via Netflix . I returned my first unit and a second one demonstrates the same problem . I went through all reasonable debug steps , including swapping HDMI cables , using different HDMI inputs on my TV , applying all available firmware updates , etc. . Other HDMI sources into my TV do not have this issue.Another gripe ... the Netflix user interface is primitive . My major complaint is that you can only watch movies that are already in your queue , meaning you have to go to your PC to find new movies . Alternatively , the Wii interface has the ability to search and select movies beyond your preselected queue . I assume Netflix develops the application , not Samsung . Regardless , the solution is substandard .
 This blu ray player did not work for me at all . I would put in a disc and it would clunk around and then shut off . Boo . It was probably damaged in shipment though .
 The box boasts WiFi to watch streaming , netflix etc. . They do n't mention that the wireless adapter to use your new `` WiFi '' blue ray will run you an extra 80 $ . Total rip off . I already had to spend an extra 40 $ for the unincluded HDMI cable . These companies should be required to say the box is not WiFi compatible on its own . Why care about the consumers , right ? I cant rate its features , just know that all you get in the box is the player and remote . You pay a `` great price '' but in reality you end up spending an extra 150 $ for the things to actually do what its advertised to do .
 Samsung makes products with a good feature list , but obviously lacks expertise in user experience design.There are too many small issues with this device to list them all -- such as the HDMI protocol crashing because it is not being quite compatible with my LG LCD television , the shape of the CD tray making it tricky to pick up disks , and the obnoxious jingle that plays every time the player is turned on.As for the internet services , other than the Netflix player , the rest seems to mostly be junk -- such as clunky games.Overall this device is as slick as a PC running Windows 2.0 I eventually returned it and got theSony BDP-S370 Blu-ray Disc Player -- which is simply a pleasure to use .
 I just bought this today from Costco . Let me preface this by adding that we own a Samsung washer & drier , a Samsung refrigerator , a 52 inch Samsung Series 7 LCD tv an older Samsung Blu-Ray player and I have a Samsung microwave on the way . If I had bought this piece of junk first , I probably would n't own any of those.This is what happens . I get home from Costco . I hook this up to the Samsung TV . I turn on the player and the TV pops on . I yell `` Cool ! '' Yeah , I 'm easily entertained . I do a quick set-up . I put in Crazy Heart . I yell for my wife and my daughter to come check it out because the picture is so amazing -LRB- it was just the previews - my other blu-ray is hooked up to my 4 year-old Toshiba Plasma -RRB- . My wife comes down . I 'm giddy as hell . Then I hear a loud noise and see the screen flash like somebody had just hijacked my signal . I thought it could be part of the preview because the screen came back . My wife is laughing at me . I tried to backup the dvd and I start getting `` No signal '' and `` mode not supported '' on the screen.I spent hours trying to get this player right . I swapped cables , inputs , updated -LRB- it froze -RRB- ... All I can figure is something in it is causing the tv to think the signal is lost . Now I can turn it on and I get about 20 seconds to try to change a setting before I get one of those error messages . I 'm done with it.It 's really sad to me that this company ca n't make a player that can communicate correctly with it 's own brand of television . Maybe it works with it but there is no way I 'm going to spend any more of my time with it . Very , very disappointing . Maybe they made it too complicated and tried to give it too many features . I do n't know . I 'm just trying to research a different brand to buy . Maybe LG , maybe Sony . Samsung has lost me with this product.Cool design . Horrible product .
 Save your money and do n't purchase this player . I have never met such a moody piece of electronics before in my life . This thing works when it wants to and does n't work when it does n't want to .
 I 've had this player 6 months now . That 's after taking the first player back to the store where purchased when I found out it would n't play a blu-ray disk.This player is slow , slow to load and read a disk and it wo n't even read some of my DVDs -LRB- there is absolutely nothing wrong with them -RRB- . I 've had nothing but trouble with the internet connection too . It 's in a great spot to receive a good signal from my wireless but it still does n't and when it does , it 's slow or intermittent . I see how some reviewers say how much better the player performs with firmware updates , well that makes me ask the question `` better than what ? '' Is the performance that bad to begin with it needs to be improved?I did n't see the remote in the store and there is good reason . This is a player right ? Maybe you want your TV on the same remote but that 's about it . All the important buttons are the SMALLEST on the remote , really not easy to use . I have other brand players that are MUCH easier and MUCH faster with just as good a picture and ALL the features.Samsung wants me to send this player to them , forget it , it 's not worth it , it 's trash and that 's where it 's going ...
 The quality is good and matches other white components.HOWEVERThere are cheaper options on amazon and elsewhere . Look around and save yourself some money .
 I was very disappointed when I received this to see that it was simply a package of two cables . Cables that you can pick up at Radio Shack for MUCH cheaper . Just ridiculous . The Airport Express itself is fantastic , but skip this accessory and go to your local Radio Shack for the mini-RCA cable , and a quick search online for the optical to mini .
 Cheaper to go to Radio Shack or most stereo stores and get exactly what you want of equal quality at a lower price .
 La se & ntilde ; al de este trasmisor es muy debil para utilizarlo en automovil . No lo recomiendo .
 I bought these speakers because they looked so cool . Very innovative design . The sound is pretty good , but not great -- decent highs , but the bass from the subwoofer is n't as strong as I would like . Based purely on the design and sound , I would recommend these speakers to others.But I can not recommend these speakers since they have a `` fatal flaw '' . JBL really messed up when they made the volume buttons touch sensitive . Interesting concept , except that they do n't work AT ALL . I ca n't raise or lower the volume , or mute the speakers . I 'm stuck listening to everything at the default volume level . In reading some blogs , it turns out that others are experiencing the same problem that I am . Sounds like a fundamental design flaw in the product.I applaud JBL 's effort to bring some style to the PC speaker market , but they went too far with the volume keys , putting form ahead of function .
 It 's not okay ! I can only control the volume using my IPOD , which makes for limited sound . I wanted to love this unit for the look , the price , and the brand . It seems that the Pink one is the only one with the intermittent complaint about the volume controls . I do think the controls work on some units , and does n't on others . I paid $ 50 for the unit , and was disappointed . I had to return it . If you 're thinking of getting this color DO N'T ! Try the black or white one . It might actually work ... no complaints from those purchasers that I can tell .
 I bought a set of Spyro speakers after reading a number of reviews here which diverse a lot . The major complain of the speakers is the volume adjustment keys on the right satellite do not work . Mine did not work too - I tried different ways as described in the good review but I still fails to adjust the volume . Meanwhile , the subwoofer does not make any sound.So I gave JBL technical support a call , and a good Greek guy -LRB- native speaker -RRB- answer the call -LRB- the only good guy I met through the whole RMA process -RRB- . He seems to be aware of the issue and told me if the subwoofer does not sound - then the volume adjustment keys will not work since the control board is insider the woofer and that might had been broken . The he asked me to do an RMA on their website and told me he could only exchanged me a pair of soundsticks II since the spyro had been discontinued , and the sound quality of the Soundsticks is much better than the Spyro . So I did an RMA and pushed JBL twice -LRB- by calling but always met Indian CSRs located in India , not the good guy any more , they are very inconfident and do not know what to do from time to time -RRB- . I received a pair of Soundsticks after two weeks , new . The sound quality is indeed much better , but still not comparable with my other pair of Klipsch -LRB- at about the same price -RRB- . So , guys that suffering from volume key problem - do your RMA now as long as you are within year of purchase and get your soundsticks . Since I never got a normal chance to listen to these speakers - I could not comment much on them . However , thinking the size of the tweeters , I could not believe the spyros provide good sound quality - they are too tiny to do that .
 It is cute and the sound is OK . The power supply is a piece of junk and it stops funtioning after 2 uses .
 I love the compact speakers , but the sound is ... pretty bad , frankly . Music sounds disappointingly tinny . The volume buttons do n't work at all.And while the design is very cool , it 's also impractical
 I do not use them to much , just the normal . 6 months after i had purchased , it stopped working
 I bought this unit for the sole purpose of turning all my entertainment center on and off because it saves on electricity . After using the unit for only several months the on/off switch broke so I had to manually unplug it from the wall plug in . I finally gave up and bought another brand .
 Make sure you look at all pictures posted to see how much bigger than necessary this case really is -LRB- do n't rely on the description !! - for Panasonic TZ , LZ and LS -RRB- . My old Lumix case fit like a glove and I could carry it anywhere . This one actually has three separate pockets inside . -LRB- for 3 different cameras ??? -RRB- Will have to buy a new case that fits better .
 It 's uncomfortable to use , it 's too large to use inside a purse and it 's feel unsafety to hang on the jeans .
 I purchased the TZ5 in order to have a long zoom in a small package . Unfortunately the camera is too big to put in ones pocket -LRB- I do not where a coat in 90 degree weather -RRB- . Thus I was looking for a case to hang off my belt . The only pictures I could find on line were of the front ... those pictures make the case look reasonably compact . It is not . It is fully twice the depth of the camera . My guess is the designer wanted to carry lunch in there with the camera . I have added some pictures of the camera and case to illustrate the relative size.Otherwise it is a very nice case ... but whats the point of a compact camera if the package winds up being the size of a super zoom ??
 I bought this `` new '' cartridge from imagewarehouse and then saw that it was refilled/refurbished . It leaked toner all over the printer and the paper came out with a heavy dark stripe right in the middle . I 'm in the process of trying to get a full refund .
 I tend to store most things on my computer rather then print them but often when something does need to be printed it 's nice to have a crisp copy . After more then a year having this toner cartrige I 've decided to replace it to improve my print quality . I 'm using a hp LaserJet 6L .
 I bought these for my epson stylus C62 . After following instructions of cleaning the printer heads , I was able to print exactly 2 sheets and no more . This was true for each of the 4 cartridges . A complete waste of money . I then bought the authentic epson cartridge which is presently printing perfectly .
 I run a busy accounting office and can not afford to shut down because the printer cartridge runs out or we are out of paper or other supplies . In January I ordered a cartridge for my HP 4050se printer to have on hand when the old cartridge expired . It sat on the shelf for a few weeks before I actually needed it the first week of April . From the very first page it printed the copies were streaked and blurry . When I contacted the vendor `` Databazaar '' they pointed out that it was over 60 days since I ordered it and there was nothing they could do . A cursory examination would have revealed that the cartridge was full , not used and clearly defective but they were not even willing to look at it . So much for the `` 100 % compatible '' guarantee . The moral of this story is , it was a $ 27 gamble compared to the $ 106 cost of a genuine HP cartridge . So it was an inexpensive lesson . But if I did not have another printer in the office it could have been a very expensive lesson . If the performance of your printer is important to your livelihood do n't fool around with so called `` compatible '' cartridges . Barry Perl CPA , Miami , Florida .
 Worked fine for about 25 to 30 pages , printed documents began to smug . Tried to clean but the main roller was obviously worn on both edges and probably should have been replaced . I believe this cartridge was just refilled not remanufactured .
 It is n't the same as the new cartridge . Cost less and does a lot less printing . It also leaks toner so my printer does n't print a very clean copy . You get what you pay for .
 The first one simply WOULD NOT WORK!Second lasted about 200 pages.Dind ' t bother with 3rd ... and they were n't interested in replacing them when I contacted the seller.Steer Clear here for sure !
 Absolute Garbage . Leaves Huge dark black bands across entire page . Do not risk it . If you do , order 3 and hope you get one that works .
 I bought 2 cartridges for my HP 4050 . When I put the 1st one in I got a low toner message and within 3 pages and parts of the page did not print . I put the 2nd cartidge in an got a message out of toner and could not print anything . I left a VM with the company .
 I bought this PC Sept. 11 , 2006 . . I can no longer play new games on itbecause the video driver is a 2005 version . HP says its out ofwarranty and my tech . says you can not add a new driver because theslimline is too small . You can not add stuff . I paid over $ 700.00 and am sick .
 A good way of sorting CDs with alphabets and at low cost .
 After owning this camcorder for only 14 mos . with less than 5 hrs . useage , the CCD element failed rendering it useless . Samsung customer support would only direct me to a local repair shop . With only a 1 yr . factory warranty -LRB- mine was expired by 2 mos . -RRB- , it cost me a whopping $ 197.85 to have it repaired making it a low cost camcorder with a very high price . Samsung does n't seem to care as they do n't stand behind their product .
 While in record mode , standby ... point camera at bright sun or bight light bulb at close distance ... It may take five minutes but my camera started working again ... !!! Alleluia !! Seems I have to do this every time I use the camera , but I am happy that this works even though it is less than desirable ... Samsung SCD23 seems has a common problem ... I have used it infrequently for 3 yrs and It has worked fine until now . All of a sudden and for no reason at all , the LCD went blank and will not record any image . This is due to a faulty CCD ??? Still plays tapes and records video ... My childrens `` hot Wheels '' camcorder lasted better than this one !!!! My new baby is starting to walk and I. . .
 When I first got this as a gift from my father-in-law I was verypleased . Lots of cool features , easy to use , etc etc etc. . But oneday after probably 20 hours of use , the thing would no longerrecord video . It records sound and plays back ok , but no recordingvideo . I 've researched the web and this sounds like it ` svery common with this model . Samsung may get a class action lawsuitif they do n't replace these faulty ccd 's for free . This experiencehas made me decide to avoid samsung products in the future .
 I 've had scd minidv camcorder for 2 years and maybe used it a dozen times . One day I went to use it and it would not record . Anyhow , the lense broke -LRB- and no it was not droped or abused in any way -RRB- . Samsung wants me to ship it to them with $ 150 . A local repair shop charged $ 68 to look at it and declare the ccd or cdc -LRB- shutter -RRB- is broken and will cost $ 274 to replace . This is a huge disapointment and seems to be a pretty common issue with this model . I would n't recommend this to anyone .
 Yes , I am another victim of The black screen of death . I used my camcorder only 1 1/2 years and my screen went black but I am also able to view recorded tapes . Samsung will only offer a refurbished camcorder for $ 150.00 cost to me . NO THANKS !!
 I purchased this camera after weeks of serious comparisons . After a few months and maybe 2 tapes -LRB- just a few hours -RRB- , the ccd went out . I sent it to samsung and got it back aout 6 weeks later fixed . The CCD went out again about 6 months later and Samsung fixed it again . The CCD went out about 6 months later and Samsung told me to take a hike becuase it wasnt under warranty any longer . Samsung 's service was TERRIBLE , and this Camera is TERRIBLE . I will not purchase any samsung product ever again based on their serivce alone . Do Not Purchase This CAmera !
 Our SCD23 just broke with the same problem as countless others , the CCD gave out . This has happened to loads of camcorders from different manufacturers , and most are taking responsibility and fixing/replacing . According to a reviewer here , Samsung was still refusing to do so as recently as September . My wife talked to them today , and they said to ship everything back and they would do a fix/replace on our cam -LRB- 14 days estimated turnaround -RRB- . I will update here if and when it happens , or if it does n't . So if you have a Samsung with a blank LCD when you try to record , but it will still playback and work otherwise , call them and see what they say . ** UPDATE 1/12
 This camcorder worked great the first 10 times i used it . Then it BROKE just like my 3 samsung cell phones and my samsung DVD player . Thank god i got the extended warranty on this camera . The manufactured supposedly repaired it ... . took them 3 months to get it back to me . It worked fine one more time , then it broke again . Back to geek squad repair . Got it back i tested it , seemed ok . Went to use it later , broke again ! Sent it back to geek squad ... . got it back ... . STILL BROKEN ! After breaking 4 times I am getting a new camcorder under my extended warrany ... NOT A SAMSUNG !
 After making 15 tapes , the CCD quit working . It just shows a blank screen or snowflicks . After reviewing another review , pointing the camcorder to a bright light make it works again . However , I do not like this unit anymore . If I really need it , I do not know if this will work or not . No more samsung for me .
 I purchased this camcorder for a college course from this site factory sealed , from a third party . It did not work . I am not sure if the seller purchased this item knowing it did not work with the intent to make a quick buck . After failing my class for the first 2 weeks because the camera is defective . I had to go with a more reliable name brand . THERE IS A REASON SAMSUNG NO LONGER MANUFACTURES THIS ITEM . My camera was purchased in 2003 and was out-of-warranty by the time I got it . I feel taken by the seller , who probably knew the item was defective or got it at an extremely low price for resale . Who knows if I will ever get my money back . Lesson learned , if it 's not sold at Best Buy it 's really not a best buy , and too good to be true .
 I bought one of these new and enjoyed all the features on it and I found the shutter speed going down to 1/30 , 1/15 / and 1/8 to be really nice . At any rate a few months and I was not able to playback or record , took it in and was told the ccd was bad . I bought another off ebay , right out of the box , it did not work at all , so I sent it back and got another one off Ebay . Guess what ? Another Lemon !!! Could have been a great camcorder is the story of this model . I think they tried to put too much punch into this camcorder and without the right budget . Save your money , these are LEMONS ! Buying 3 makes me an idiot !!
 I bought this product about 1-1/2 years ago . Let LCD stopped displaying and it stopped recording picture . Turns out there is a defective part used by this , and many camcorders . All the other companies that use this defective part have had recalls.Turns out Samsung requires a $ 150 charge to fix.Know this ... . This camcorder will break within 1-4 yearsA VERY LOW QUALITY PRODUCT . There is a class action suit forming . 614-886-4393
 I bought this model and had it for a little more than a year . It worked wonderfully but then 1 day out of the blue the LCD or eye piece would not work when i wanted to record something . The playback worked fine but when I wanted to shoot something it went all black . I did some research and the problem was with the a sensor chip being bad . This is a known issue to happen -LRB- based on all the people I read having this issue on the internet -RRB- . In any case it will cost me $ 288 to replace and repair the camera . If I had bought the extended warranty it would not costed me anything . I am contemplating on just buying a different make and model from another manufacturer.It 's like a car do you really want to spend the money on a rebuilt engine or transmission . There 's always that risk it can break again .
 I got this camera in December 2003 . I have used it occasionally and filmed about 15 hours worth of footage . -LRB- 15 1 hour tapes -RRB- . So last month I 'm filming and it stops recording picture , just sound . Image on view finder is garbled . A few days later it worked again for about 20 minutes , now it does n't work again . Seems like the same problem everyone else here had.I had problems with my Samsung HDTV as well , and it still leaves much to be desired.I will avoid buying Samsung products from now on .
 I bought this camera for Christmas 2004 . Loved it , took sorry digital shots but great filming . This May , camera went out . It has a black screen . I took it back to where I got it and was told it would take $ 200 to fix . It has only been used about 10 hours . Now I discover it is a defective ccd and Samsung wo n't stand behind it . After having a recalled microwave that caught on fire , I will never buy Samsung again .
 TO EVERYONE WHO HAS HAD TROUBLE WITH A SAMSUNG CAMCORDER . MY HUSBAND EMAILED MANY SAMSUNG EXECUTIVES AT THE CORPORATE OFFICE AND SOMEONE FINALLY CONTACTED US . THEY ARE GOING TO GIVE US A PRORATED REFUND . PROBABLY WOULD HAVE BEEN MORE , BUT I COULD NOT FIND THE RECEIPT . THEY ARE PAYING FOR US TO SHIP THE CAMCORDER TO THEM AND WE WILL RECEIVE A PARTIAL REFUND . EMAIL ALSO , IT IS WORTH A TRY!New Samsung SCD23 Camcorder ... $ 250.00-about give or takeJVC MiniDV tapes ... $ 20.99 Maxell Head Cleaner ... $ 20.99 Repairing Priceless home video ... $ 234.90-three 60 min . tapesTOTAL MONEY WASTED ... $ 526.88 Plus New Camcorder ... $ ??? . ?? - not purchased yetTime wasted ... many hours ! 1YR & 3MOS OLD SAMSUNG CAMCORDER ... WORTHLESS !!!!!!!! Short Story is : This Camcorder will record pictures fine until you go to play them back and then the recorded video pictures are distorted . Do n't bother following all the troubleshooting directions in the manual because it is a waste of time ! The prices above are factual and I am hoping by my review people will not waste their time and money on this disappointing camcorder.WE ARE CURRENTLY SHOPPING AROUND FOR A NEW CAMCORDER ... AND NOT A SAMSUNG !!!!!! EVER!Long Story : My husband and I wanted a Digital Camcorder . We still had a video camera that was purchased in 1993 , from Radio Shack for $ 600 that still worked . We figured we would let our older children have that camera to use and we would upgrade.So for mothers day two years ago my husband bought the Samsung SCD23 Digital Video Camcorder for me . The cost was about $ 250 at the time , maybe a little more or a little less . I loved it for a year and 3 months and then I HATED the camcorder because it started ruining our PRICELESS HOME VIDEOS ! I called Samsung and they told me to buy a tape cleaner and new tapes and call back if there was still a problem . I asked if there was anyway to repair my home videos and the technical support technician said that unfortunately the tapes were probably a loss . He suggested that weather change -LRB- taking the camcorder say from the outdoors to the indoors -RRB- could have messed the tapes up . They gave me a business and reference number if the problem still exists after I had it cleaned and tried a new tape.I ordered a head cleaner and new tapes from circuit city . While waiting for the items to arrive I began looking in the Yellow Pages for tape repair places to see if our home videos could be repaired . Fortunately I was able to find a place in Virginia that could repair the two 60 minute Mini DV tapes for a charge of $ 156.60 . My husband and I found another tape that needs repairing so I can kiss away another $ 78.30 . They fixed the tapes as good as they could , but the quality is not that great . Also , When tapes have to be repaired you lose the date and time when the footage was taken . That a significant lose for us because we had a baby at the time.So the head cleaner and new MiniDV tapes arrived and I was hopeful that this would be the solution to our problem . BIG DISAPPOINTMENT ! After cleaning and using a new tape we found out that our camcorder is still a piece of USELESS JUNK!I called Samsung back and gave them my reference number and the young man asked if I had used the tape/head cleaner and a new tape . I told him yes and he then tells me that the camcorder needed to be brought to an authorized dealer for $ 150 charge . I told him that I would not trust the camera with another one of my PRICELESS HOME VIDEOS . And if I was going to have to spend another $ 78.30 to have a tape fixed again and $ 150 service charge to have my camcorder LOOKED AT , I would buy a new camcorder and that I will NEVER OWN ANOTHER SAMSUNG!That was my long drawn out story . I really hope that all of you take my husband and my advice in not purchasing this camcorder . My husband and I are now believers in : YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR!In this case a cheaper camcorder that works great for about 1 to 1 1/2 years that ends up costing you about the same if not more for a good camcorder .
 I got this camera because it was comparable in features and price to the Canon ZR-60 , which was out of stock . This camera looks great on paper , but fails to deliver out of the box . Every scene I shot the video was broken and full of digital artifacts . I tried adding light and moving the camera slowly , but the artifacting still occured . I 'll be taking this back and hopefully be getting the Canon .
 Do not buy a SCD23 . Amazon should take them off their `` to sell '' list .
 I recently bought this camcorder and set it up . The next day I recorded my nephew 's birthday . On replay , the picture is all broken up . Does anyone know why ? Tech support is not much help .
 Among Asian countries they do n't rely too much in co-Asian manufactured goods because of poor quality -LRB- except Japanese made -RRB- Sony , Canon & Panasonic still has the best quality among electronics.I do n't know why samsung , hyundai , Daewoo etc. made it in the US Market that while in fact in Asia , these products are all a piece of Junk .
 You do n't have to take my word for it - just do a quick internet search and you will find hundreds of people who had what is now known as BSOD -LRB- Black Screen of Death -RRB- , a failure that occurs after a while and leaves you with a completely dark image in camera mode . Do yourself a favor , do n't buy this unless you need it as paperweight .
 Although Samsung makes extraordinary LCD products , their camcorder line is bottom of the barrel . This is my 2nd Samsung camcorder , and it is also the 2nd time I 've been ripped off . My last one -LRB- I forget the model -RRB- and this one both stopped recording video about a month or two after the warranty expired . Since neither Samsung or Best Buy -LRB- where I bought them -RRB- care about this decidedly negative customer experience -LRB- and apparently seem to think that 1 year of usage is about par for the course -RRB- I have decided to no longer buy their products -LRB- including their splendid monitors -RRB- . Companies that consistently screw their customers do not deserve to remain in business . I hope someday Best Buy and Samsung go bankrupt . Buy a Canon , and buy it online . You 'll be happy and you 'll save money .
 Yeah , this is a `` me too '' review . Got the SCD23 as a gift in December of ' 03 . Liked it while it worked , but in April of '07 it was struck by the Black Screen of Death described by other posters . It 'll play previously recorded tapes , but in camera -LRB- record or standby mode -RRB- , the image is either totally black or horizontal white streaks -LRB- when a bright light is in the scene -RRB- . I 'll be contacting Samsung on Monday , and we 'll see how they stand by their product . An internet search on this problem shows that a -RRB- it is by no means isolated and b -RRB- Samsung has a very poor reputation for providing reasonable customer service in these instances . I 'm hoping to be the exception ! : -RRB-
 The very first video taken was my wedding -LRB- the camera was a gift -RRB- and the image is distorted . It takes great footage if it 's on a tripod and not moved at all , but any time you move the camera at all the picture is all broken up in pieces . It looks great while recording and it is n't until playback that you realize it 's awful . It does n't happen every time , but I 've had it 2 years and it happens more often than not . We think we have a great video of our daughter 's first birthday or Disney vacation and then watch it and see half of it is distorted . What a disappointment !
 This camcorder comes with very poor image quality and is hard to hold and operate . With namebrand camcorders from JVC and Sharp going for less money and having more zoom and much , much , much better picture quality , this one should n't even be on your consideration list for a MiniDV camcorder .
 I was not pleased at all with this camcorder . The video quality is very grainy especcially in low light . Although it is a compact easy to use camcorder the video quality is horrible . The USB connection is most frustrating as well . For me it diddnt even import the video , you cant get the computer to detect it either . I dont know if i have to get a firewire thing or what . I will not recomend this camcorder to knowbody .
 I just bought the Gomadic case featured in the review and I am very disappointed . The only reason I bought that case was for the memory card storage shown in the picture . I just received the case and it DOES NOT have storage space for memory cards , which makes it merely another pedestrian case to me . Very disapointing . Please change the picture on your website .
 This is an OK player . It is loaded with features , most of which you may not ever use . I have two of these units and both lasted about a year . The disk read circuitry failed .
 It works fine only for one year . Looks like it is only a cheap piece of junk .
 the dvd only plays the cd that brings with it , any of my dvd can be read it for it
 Print quality and speed is great , doublesided and networking capabilities worked fine on Windows and Linux computers , however once this printer jammed -LRB- after 75 pages -RRB- , it was impossible to clear . The little thumbwheel you are supposed to turn to roll the jam out is impossibly stiff and despite spinning it enough in both directions to raise a blister , did nothing to free the jam . The space between the rollers is inaccessible and without special knowledge of the printer , the rollers are impossible to separate in order to clear a jam.I returned the printer - even if a service desk had been able to clear it , I do not want to be able to print at the convenience of a service desk .
 I purchased a MFC-8840DN -LRB- networked -RRB- , which was confirmed by the invoice that came with the shipment , but what arrived was a MFC-8840D with a network card installed -LRB- a wolf in sheeps clothing -RRB- . When I installed the provided drivers I was able to print from my primary computer but lost all internet connections . When I called Brother for assistance I waited 53 minutes before someone answered the phone , and then was told that since Brother does not ship MFC-8840D 's with network cards installed they could not help me -LRB- I have asked Amazon who installed the card but I have not heard back -RRB- . Nor was Brother 's rep able to provide me with an address to which I could write a letter . The whole process took an hour and a half including the 15 minutes I was put on hold so the customer support rep could find an address for me to send a letter -LRB- they said they would call back . Right , I 'm still waiting ! -RRB- . The product sounded like it would meet all my home office needs , but who needs a company that provides such poor support ?
 i 've had this printer for years . its great to have a real laser fax combo , as I really do n't like ink jets . But its so slow to RIP and print files .
 I am about to return my second one . The first one the fax did n't work . The second one eats up envelopes every other print . I am very dissatisfied with the printer , though amazon took it back with no problems .
 Here it is a month later and we are still awaiting for the extended warranty contract , even after multiple requests for same .
 Machine started making loud grinding noises when started or while printing . Showed it to a repair shop , says the fuser is a toast . Replacement cost part and labor $ 300 . Died just after one year so have to bear the expense . Poor design/quality . Beware , i searched the web and looks like i am not the only one with this problem .
 This is a poorly designed device and it does not work as advertised . -LRB- Gave it 1 star since you can not give it 0 stars . -RRB- Items that do not work as advertised :1 -RRB- document feed chokes at more than 20 pages .2 -RRB- double sided copying is a joke - the LCD coaches you to manually turn over the pages - this is NOT done automatically as is the case with most double sided copying .3 -RRB- USB connection does not work with Windows XP media edition .4 -RRB- PC fax receive does not work with the network connection .5 -RRB- Tech support will eat hours of your time and produce no constructive results.Stay away from this product . I purchased other Brother products that I am satisfied with - see my ratings - but this is a total rip-off . I 'm shocked since it was so highly rated by PC mag and CNET . Watch out !!!!
 our MFC - 8840DN worked fine until a paper jam inside the machine caused damage that could n't be fixed by the sales technician . Lots of waiting for a response from Brother at their call in website . They waited out the warrenty . Will never buy from Brother or Amazon again as a result of this .
 I agree with other reviewers that the sound quality is excellent for a speaker system of this size and price . Unfortunately , both the first one I received and the replacement that Amazon sent emit a faint high-pitched squeal when turned on - whether the ipod is playing or not , even when there is no ipod docked . Fine when listening to loud rock - you 'll never notice it - but it 's like fingernails on a chalkboard when playing quiet music to fall asleep to . I loved the original InMotion speakers , and am disappointed that these are unusable . Perhaps I got unlucky in receiving two defective units , but two strikes I 'm out - I 'm heading for another speaker system.On another note , Amazon 's return/replacement system could n't have been better - a few clicks generated a return label and the replacement arrived in two days . Just wish I were n't using it again already ...
 I bought this Audio System to use with an iPod Touch.It does not work.Works with iPod Classic but not the Touch.There no exception in the description about using this with an iPod Touch.After encountering the problem , I looked through all of the reviews and found one person who had the same issue.I then decided to return it but your 3rd party vendor/suppler had a 3 day return policey . Now that is ridiculous.This whole experience has tainted my image of Amazon . Ross Lee
 It writes very well but very much useless afterall . I might have gotten a lemon . Tech service very unfriendly and unhelpful . At least I got the case so that I can put different drive in it . I used Pioneer A2 -LRB- dead now -RRB- and Plexter but neither had trouble . I bought this because it was cheap after rebate but I did not even get the rebate yet almost a year after I sent my form . Go figure .
 and then dies . Not too expensive , but really not well made at all . Spend a little more and get one that lasts .
 The remote for this DVD player just stinks . The order of the important buttons is : -LSB- rewind -RSB- -LSB- fast-forward -RSB- -LSB- play -RSB- -LSB- pause -RSB- -LSB- unimportant -RSB- -LSB- stop -RSB- In the dark its impossible to remember which is which , and you 'll end up stopping , rewinding , or something else disruptive . The remote spoils the whole product , imo .
 This DVD player wo n't read over half the discs you feed it ... very frustrating .
 I was thrilled at the price for the features . 1/4 , 1/8 , 1/2 , 4X , 32X speeds with rock solid freeze and frame advance are fantastic in this dollar range . Especially valuable are the Optical and Digital outputs . Dolby Digital is a must and a great bonus is the DTS compatibility . However , -LRB- here drops the other shoe -RRB- the transport design makes it susceptible to damage . The door is exposed from the top making it prone to misalignment if it gets hit or pushed down . I experienced `` no disc '' and `` disc error '' messages -LRB- not to mention the five second playback fake-out leading you to believe it 's actually going to work -RRB- . I say , `` Bravo , Philips ! '' , but back to the drawing board on this one . Perhaps a modified faceplate on the whole unit and a thinner drawer front will better protect the transport and make a dynamite product . As-is , I would expect lots of unhappy people down the road .
 THis case looks great & is $ $ cheap , but is realy for the casual user & not a `` working bag '' . The belt loop will eventually tear away & will allow your over-priced camera to crash to the ground ! This has happened to be . Another annoyance - the way the camera is loaded into the bag - it is very easy to inadvertantly turn the camera on - which will bugger up the lens drive motor/mechanism as it tries to force the lens `` out '' against the bags close-confining sidewall !!!!! This also happened to me in Paris where I had to buy another camera to get me though my trip ! -LRB- where I had to carry this Nikon around because of the dead lens -RRB- ... It also only has room for a couple batteries & perhaps another media card . It really a storage bag for when the camera is not in use - it is very fiddly to get the camera in & out when you are using the camera over extended periods . Get the TAMERON , or the `` other '' NIKON bag that is bigger . Photoflex also has cool bags . .
 The case is small and well made for other 5000 Series camera but Nikon 5700 that I bought does n't even come close to fitting inside this tight case !!!!!!! I think they need to Clarify this so one does n't go through with the order and return .
 Bit of a ... tatty little bag . When closed the top allows space around the sides for water/grit/gunge to get in . Not an appropriate bag for your expensive 5700 . Try the Lowepro range instead - altogether a better class of bag .
 This mobo is a real crap , it does not boot using memory like the corsair dominators or other fancy memory , the only way it worked was using cheap slow memory , even the bios update doesnt resolve this problems , i bought 2gb dominators800ddrii and i cant use them , is very frustrating , check the forums at evga , there is a legion of frustrated users that have rma ` d up to three times the motherboard and the memory and still doesnt work , additionaly there ` s a lot of bugs when you use sata drives and still doesnt resolve with bios update , all the persons here that gave 5 stars to the board is because have not had the board installed yetsave a lot of headaches dont buy this garbage ! it is preferable to buy boards based in 965chipsetI bought dominator memory to pair it with an ultra super evga 680i mobo , to my dismay the memory didnt work with this motherboard , i had to buy a cheap ghetto memory to run this motherboard up , updated bios , did all the stuff that its said in the evga forum , and nope , nada , niente , nothing did not work with the dominators , its very said to buy this ultra sophisticated motherboard to simply get problems , incompatibilities , BSODs , bugs , bugs and more bugs , Nvidia and Evga had the buyers beta testing their crap mobo , -LSB- ... -RSB- , wont buy a nvida motherboard again !
 I formerly had a Nikon Coolpix 4500 , the battery used was Nikon , s usual EL-EN1 , was not great as far as capacity was concerned , but was just fine if you bought a second battery as I did , had the 4500 for some years , great camera , unfortunately , in a moment of being clumsy I dropped it on a concrete floor , no more 4500 . I replaced it with the Nikon CoolPix 8700 , results are spectacular , this machine uses the same EL-EN1 , I bought the MB-E5700 loaded it with Ni-Mh batteries rated at 2300 milliamps , that is a high powered AA battery , it works great on digital cameras , video cameras , etc. . The batteries went dead in about 30 shots , tried it again with another brand of the same rating as the first try , results , about 30 shots , its all over.To make sure all was ok with my 8700 , put back the original Nikon battery , the EL-EN1 , everthing worked just fine.In conclusion , I say this , do not even consider this thing , it eats batteries , it makes the camera for all intents and purposes not usable , Nikon did a very bad job on this . Calling Nikon is a waste of time , so in less than 24 hours this product is on its way back to Amazon , and it is not Amazon , s fault.I can not believe that Nikon did not know how bad this product was .
 I went to make a purchase on a used Nikon battery pack -LRB- which was discounted to 30 % cost -RRB- which was listed as `` in-stock '' and they cancelled my order saying the item was not `` in-stock '' . I think vendors should have an obligation to keep that information up to date . Now I 'll be paying full-price plus a rush fee so I can use the battery pack at a planned event .
 I install audio/video equipment for a living and my suggestion is just to buy the MRF-300 or MRF-350 to start with . There are just too many interference problems inside an audio cabinet for the MRF-250 to work well in most applications . Cable boxes , dvrs , tivos , blueray DVDs and any product with a microprocessor or harddrive is likely to cause interference that will render the MRF-250 useless.Both the MRF-300 and the MRF-350 have separate antenna modules that allow you to mount the receiving module in an area not prone to interference . There is just not enough difference in the cost to warrant having to deal with the potential problems of the MRF-250 . TNichols
 I have two URC remotes -LRB- an MX-850 and an RF-20 , which came packaged with this MRF-250 receiver -RRB- , and love them both . That 's why I figured I 'd not have a problem with the MRF-20 . Well , I was wrong . The reason I bought the device was so that I could install my electronic components -LRB- second HDTV installation , in my master bedroom -RRB- in a closet behind my HDTV screen and not have to run yet another cable through the wall to transmit the IR signal from a remote.The MRF system never worked . I tried everything . Finally I went and bought a lovely-but-expensive Niles Audio IR repeater system , installed it , and now everthing is working just fine.I intend to try to recoup something from URC , which is a notoriously difficult company to work with , especially when it comes to technical support services . I 'll accept a replacement for the MRF and the IR flashers that come with it . I 'll update this review if they comply .
 First the positives . The lens optically is a good lens , it does sharp images , nice colors and all that stuff . But the big problem is dust that gets inside of the lens . After 9 months of usage there is so much dust inside that it makes the lens basically unusable . Do not undervalue this problem like I did . Or make sure you may eventually return the lens if there is a problem . The lens already came with 3 dust dots inside which was n't such a big deal but you should see it now . I have 70-200 and 24-70 both L line there is no dust problem . There is no dust problem even in my kit lenses . I am surprised that Canon can release such lens , because this is not a cheap lens.At the beginning I could not decide whether to get 16-35 f2 .8 II L or this lens . But Since I have Canon D 30 I preferred to get wider lens . No I would go for 16-35 even at the cost of lower zoom range and extra cost.Now I have to figure out how to return the lens , I bought it in the US from BH photo , but now I am in Europe , so it is a bit complicated .
 I , like most of you have the standard18-55 kit lens -LRB- Rebel models -RRB- . Having a degree in commercial and industrial photography , I know the lens is the second factor -LRB- behind film or sensor -RRB- in image quality . So , I assumed the sub $ 200 kit lens was severely limiting this camera . I received this lens and immediately did several comparison shots with the two lenses , both flash and natural light . Granted , in most but not all , the new EF-S 17-55 was a bit better -LRB- just a bit -RRB- . But it was ever so slight . It was difficult to tell the difference in the shots . And auto focus was no better . The 17-55 did have a bit less noise , as it get 's more light to the sensor . But the clarity and definition was no better , and in some cases not quite as good . In bright areas , fine detail definition was less than the kit lens . That said , this is a good lens . And you do have better results and more flexibility in low light -LRB- marginally -RRB- . But if you are expecting a big difference in image quality in normal shooting , you will be sorely disappointed . Considering the difference in cost , I was surprisingly disappointed in this lens.Also , the feel of quality is there in the weight -LRB- It 's HEAVY -RRB- . But the zoom is rough and sticky , and overall felt lower quality that the cheap kit lens . Yes , I returned it .
 We bought this lens twice , and both times it had the same problem with reporting Err 01 -LRB- faulty contact with the body -RRB- every few shots . None of our other lenses have ever produced this error or had this problem , and it 's a well-documented problem with this lens . Canon `` repaired '' it once , but it came back with the same behavior . The second time we sent it in , they demanded that we also send in the camera body . Very bad service for a pretty expensive lens ; the lens has been nothing but a cost to us . Wo n't buy Canon again . Avoid .
 I rented this lens and most of my images came out blurry . If I had been able to use a flash , the images may have come out better -LRB- ? -RRB- . So , I 'm guessing that in low-light situations , where you can not use a flash , get an L lens .
 There are many good qualities to this lens as all the reviewers mention , but my copy had a bad problem with halation combined with chromatic aberration . I 've read of couple other reviewers mentioning this , but most people seem to rave about this lens . If you are wanting to shoot weddings with this lens , this attribute really is a deal breaker since it occurs most often on white clothing -LRB- ie ; wedding dress -RRB- . I 've posted a sample picture with text labeling the shot so you ca n't miss it . Check out the picture to see what I 'm talking about . Lucky for me , the bride in this wedding was wearing pink!The chromatic aberration problem also extended to the background blur . What should be a white fuzzy round blur often gets a partial colorizing that you only realize is incorrect if you know what you were shooting were white lights , etc.It seemed the IS only did it 's job effectively about 2/3 of the time . Again , not sure if this is a quality control problem , specific to only the copy I had.My copy did not have any of the dust problems so many other people talk about . I was not shy about taking it to dusty environments either . I decided I should get rid of the lens before it DID get dust inside.I 'm sure I 'll offend some of the purists out there , but I 've now replaced this lens with a Sigma 17-50mm f/2 .8 OS . The image quality overall is far superior to the Canon 17-55mm lens I had . Sharpness is about the same , CA is better -LRB- still some towards the corners in 17mm shots -RRB- , not seeing any halation . The bokeh is nicer . The build quality is great ; the lens hood locks in place nicely . I did have to make a micro focus adjustment of 3 to the foreground . All in all , I see this Sigma as a better lens at half the cost . Plus , the Sigma OS gives you an extra 4 stops and the Canon only gives 3 -LRB- when it works -RRB- . If you do buy this Canon lens , I suggest buying it from Amazon because of their 30 day return policy and thoroughly test the lens out while you can still return it if it 's a dud .
 The lens arrived packaged in the box . Took it out and put on my rebel . The manual focus ring initially moves smoothly then gets kinda stuck along the way and at the long end gives again producing a jerky and unpleasant effect . In auto focus there 's a grinding sound as if there 's sand in the mechanism and it does not focus fast . I was able to take a few pictures but the problems w / both manual and auto focus is not what you 'd expect from a 1000 $ lens . I returned it .
 After reading some very good reviews of this lens , I was very diaappointed to see dust inside the lens , including a fairly large spot , within days after getting it . The distortion around the edge was quite noticeable . With a lens costing this much and comparison to `` L '' lens , I never expected this . Canon needs to improve its quality control . I , too , believe that a lens hood should have been included at this price .
 Despite some of the warnings about Amazons packing on this lens , I went for the lowest cost and tried again -LRB- better packing with other lenses -RRB- with a new EF-S 17-55mm . The carton showed-up today . A large box , deflated airbags and my new $ 1000 lens in Canon 's carton bounced around . I can not believe Amazon has n't a clue on packing/shipping these lenses . Fortunately , it seems my lens is OK , but this is the last of several purchases I will make direct to Amazon.com .
 I expected this unit to be a bit more robust for the $ 1,000 price tag , but was disappointed that it felt cheap in my hands . After about a day 's worth of usage I did n't feel that the unit had long-term durability so I returned it in exchange for the Canon 24-70 f/2 .8 L USM . I bought my 17-55 from Adorama and they were fast and efficient on processing my return without issues.If you can live with paying $ 1,000 for what equates down to quality glass in a cheap feeling plastic and an un-sealed dust-prone lens , go for it . I would suggest , for the price , the 24-105 f/4 L USM or the 24-70 f/2 .8 L USM .
 The item arrived packed with a few air pillows to cushion it from side blows . However , if the lens was dropped anywhere along the way , there is nothing protecting it with Amazon 's method of packing lenses . To test the lens , I took 25 tripod shots of a few scenes with this lens and the EF-S 18-55 kit lens under the same conditions and apertures . Apertures ranged from f/4 .5 to f/11 so as to compare with kit lens . Quality was very similar with the kit lens winning by a nose about 50 % of the time in both my and my wife 's judgment . A big letdown and certainly not worth the $ . I assume I got a bad copy from the good reviews elsewhere .
 I really wanted to like this lens . I read so many positive reviews and so many reports showing excellent performance . Specifically , I was wanting the sharpest lens with the most detail . I do n't expect to be upgrading to a full-frame soon , so the range fit my needs better than any of the current L offerings . I purchased the EF-S 17-55 to replace a Sigma 17-70 lens with which I was n't entirely happy . Even though a lot of people complained about build quality , I was n't that concerned with that aspect ; but while I found the lens to be solid , the zoom ring did not turn smoothly at all . The biggest problem , though , was that the lens was softer at any aperture and focal length than my EF-S 10-22 , my Sigma 17-70 or even my old 18-55 kit lens . I do n't know whether I received a dud copy or whether it became messed up in shipping . In either case , I just did n't think it was worth $ 1000 for a lens that was either that poor from the factory or so fragile that the overnight trip completely threw it out of alignment.The two stars is for the lens . I would like to have given Amazon 0 stars for their packaging . The box containing the lens had a single -LRB- 1 -RRB- , small inflatable pillow leaving 3/4 of the box empty for the lens to slide around in . I paid $ 1000 for a lens and $ 20 for overnight shipping , surely they could have afforded to use a couple more air pillows . I 'm sticking with Adorama from now on .
 I am on my second copy of this lens . Both lenses accumulated significant dust underneath the front element within one week of owning this lens . It has a very poor feeling zoom operation . It 's impossible to zoom slowly and evenly while shooting video . I love how sharp this lens is , even at 2.8 , but it 's inexcusable that Canon chose to not fix the problems surrounding the poor build quality for such an expensive lens . I plan on keeping this lens , because it 's the best lens for a crop sensor . It pairs very well with my 60d . It 's off to Canon for a cleaning after one week of owning . I plan on putting a UV filter from now on when it gets back from Canon . Last thing , its absurd that I have to spend another $ 50 on a lens hood because Canon wo n't send one with the lens . For $ 1,100 , it should come with a lens hood . Think twice before purchasing this lens .
 I wanted so badly to love this lens . True , it delivers performance that is pretty darned good -LRB- although not as nice as I had hoped -RRB- but the chromatic aberration is just unacceptable . Heck , shooting a brides dress in low contrast shade with a lens hood and no filters should not create bright , heavy bands of cyan , magenta and yellow . See the photo I added at the top for a typical example.Chromatic aberration was what kept me away from digital photography for so many years and this is the only lens I have that is this bad.True , the discoloration can be removed in photoshop . You can do anything in photoshop , does that mean you want to ? Personally , it took me over a day to remove the aberrations in 500 photos from one wedding shoot . Unfortunately the adobe lightroom chromatic aberration removal tool did not work for the level of distortion this lens has , forcing me to use photoshops saturation levels adjustment with masking.Don ' t believe the hype , this is not an `` L '' lens in build or performance . Take your $ 1000 elsewhere ...
 Very difficult to figure out . I 'm pretty sure it should n't have worked with our projector , but after several hours we made it work using our own tools and screws . The directions have very few words and include pictures of parts that are different from what 's in the box . It is very shaky on our ceiling . We tried to order an extender pipe to bring it down from the ceiling , and it only comes in black , even though are mount is silver and they are made by the same company . Also , the extender needed a pipe coupler , which was not included , and I ca n't find a place to buy it anywhere . Why would a company make an accessory product that does n't connect tot he original product .
 It was quite an opportune time for Amazon to ask me to review this item , because it just died on me : -RRB- After a few weeks of great use , one day on plugging in I got a `` device not recognized '' error on plugging in , and that 's where it has stayed . Luckily the hard disk is fine , I tested it in another enclosure.I do n't see any obvious problems -LRB- like burnt circuitry -RRB- , so have no idea what happened . I am just going to write off the $ 12 + , and buy a different brand and hopefully better luck .
 I bought two of these cases a few years ago and since then they 've begun to fall apart . The backing on one case came off and on the other , the front end is gone . As for being enclosures , they work and I can transfer my data , but they are n't very good looking . Being encased in metal with no fan is also bad , as there 's no on/off switch like some of my other enclosures.All in all , if you 're looking for a quick , dirty , and cheap solution , go ahead , but if you want something to match an aesthetic or be long lasting , I 'd steer clear and invest in something a little better constructed .
 Received the product and it would not mount my drive . Requested a replacement , which took a long time . Tried to use it on 2 perfectly fine internal drives , and it fried them both . I will definitely not be using this brand again .
 Although I purchased this bag last year , I just started using it exactly one month ago . I traveled with it for a week and , since I 'm a student , have been using it as a book bag ever since . To my shock , it suddenly ripped about 4 '' along the zipper - doubtless from my overloading it , but it should have been better made . I will never buy anything from Kensington again .
 I bought this almost 3 years ago . At first it worked great for about a year and then problems started ocurring.The biggest problem was the tape would get stuck and you ca n't eject it . Had to tap it and monkey around with it to make it work . It looks like several people ran into this problem with this model . I have lost my confidence in Sony 's ability to create reliable product . The quality of the images are probably the best in its category but the mechanical system is very fragile .
 I 've had this camera for 6 months . 4 of those months have been spent fighting with Sony to service it.Stay far , far , far away .
 Yes , this is a great Camera , as many of these in depth reviews show , however the bundled software is incompatible with Windows XP service pack 2 , which makes editing impossible as the operating sytem will not recognize the hardware because sony 's drivers have n't passed Logos tests . After spending hours on the phone troubleshooting it turns out that Sony 's drivers are not service pack 2 approved and they 've done nothing to release updated compatible downloads on their website which would solve the problem . So I lodged a complaint and am considering getting rid of the handycam as it is not very handy when you ca n't edit anything . Basically it 's a great camera but the software is plagued with compatibility issues and is not user friendly . I am really upset that I spent this much on a camcorder that claims to be compatible with my system and it turns out that it is not , and it would seem that it would not be very hard for Sony to release an updated driver that would fix this problem . Shame on you Sony .
 They have made several changes - some good , most bad - since I bought my last Sony handicam in 8/2003 . First of all , there is no carrying strap . This is very inconvenient if you plan to use your hand for anything else except for holding your camera . I managed to jury rig one but it is a royal pain . The docking station is just one more thing to have to carry and when you want to upload your mini cassettes to your computer , you have to take the camera off the docking station to change cassettes . This messes up my editing program . Fortunately I still have my old camera . The ability to take still shots is better - more megapixels - but not good enough to zoom in or enlarge.While I was told most people prefer to use the LED screen -LRB- I do n't knoiw why as it eats up more power and you ca n't see clearly in bright sun -RRB- I like to use the viewfinder . It no longer has a tilt up feature so I end up mashing the battery into my cheek.This last complaint is about the batteries . Sony LIED about the amount of time that a battery will hold . The 5 hour battery only charges to 194 minutes on my camera . That 's slightly more than 3 hours ; It is nowhere near 5 hours . The 7 hour battery does not get anywhere near 7 hours either . Their packages should be accurate . All in all , It is not as good as the older product . There also should be a setting to stop it from running if the rec . button is not being pushed . THIS WILL BE MY LAST SONY UNLESS THEY MAKE MAJOR IMPROVEMENTS .
 Took it on Safari in Rwanda . Shot great video of elephants , hippos , giraffes , etc. . Got home , no sound . Imagine my frustration . Camera worked great for over a year , but then on an important trip , the sound stopped recording on the camera . Do n't purchase if you want reliability for the long run . Great out of the box but did n't work when I needed it to work .
 The camera may be fine , it seems to be . But I interact with the camera through the software , and that 's pathetic . All I want to do is transfer video to the computer for editing and creating DVDs . I 've done this simply and elegantly for a few years with Hi8 tape and a digital converter -LRB- see my review of the ADS converter ... I do n't have many reviews up -RRB- . But the software with this thing wo n't allow more than 10-minute segments of AVI 's . Sony Customer Support finally sent me to the software manufacturer , who said `` that 's normal '' . I honestly do n't understand who would want , say , a 45-minute school play chopped up into 10-minute segments.I guess I 'll use Movie Maker . But this is more trouble than using my 10-year-old analog camera was to make DVDs . For the price , I did expect full functionality , not Mickey-Mouse software that even the company ca n't support . I was warned about Sonys , now I know why.Oh yeah ... they also said it supports `` firewire '' connection , but failed to say it was only a 4-pin , not 6-pin . Seems that the Sony computers have 4-pin , many of the standard motherboards use 6-pin . I learned a computer lesson . -LSB- EDIT -RSB-
 If you get a working one , this is a really nice camcorder . it is remarkably small , quiet , good ergonomics and is loaded with features . A relatively large 1/3 '' image sensor promises solid low-light performance , and this is one of the rare models that accepts analog input . It also comes with a hot shoe for a variety of accessories . If you read the reviews and other customer comments , it is clear that a lot of people are very happy with their DCR-HC96 . So , why the one star review ? Simply put , this is a risky purchase.I was never able to get the Firewire/i . LINK connectivity to work with this camcorder . I tried different firewire cards , different cables , and tried it on an older Windows XP system , a new Vista system , and two different Mac OSX systems . I could connect via USB , but never through firewire , which is the only way to transfer DV files to a computer . From reading on the camcorder info website 's forums , there 's a number of other people who have had the same problem . Again , we 're a minority , but to date , I 've seen no sign that there 's a fix to this problem . To make matters worse , the Sony support proved to be of little value , offering only simplistic troubleshooting advice -LRB- try a different port , turn off the PC , restart the camera -RRB- . And , they only offer repair service , not replacement service , even though this product is only a few days old . Sony 's solution was to have me send it in for repair and do without my new purchase for however long it takes them to fix it . For me , it just was n't worth the effort , especially during the holidays . They had their chance to keep a customer , but decided not to . And , Sony is very invasive about gathering personal information . Before I could talk to someone or email someone , I had to provide my mailing address , email address and phone number . That is a lot of my personal data sitting in some Sony CRM database somewhere , and I 'm not even a customer any more.So , weigh these risks when deciding on Sony . While they can make some nice hardware , their support policies and reliability issues could leave you out in the cold.That is why I 'm returning mine for a different manufacturer , probably the Panasonic.I thought I 'd post an update , just in case it helps . First , I purchased a Panasonic camcorder , and it connected to my PC with no problems.Also , I should point out that Amazon was great to deal with on this order . Not only did they ship the product quickly , but Amazon also did a great job handling the return . No one likes to get a defective product , but at least one company -LRB- Amazon -RRB- knows how to stand behind what they sell . If only Sony supported their customers to the same degree Amazon does .
 I 've been using this type of tv for over 2 years at my job , use it 20 hrs a week and it 's good and the reception is decent -LRB- except ch3 & 5 that I ca n't get -RRB- , but in 2 years I had to buys 5 tv 's because there is always something that fails every 4 months or so , out of 5 tv 's , 4 chargers burned out , 4 tv 's burned out , 4 earphones stopped working cutting the sound and the reception.I have to keep getting this tv , because it 's the only one concealable enough that I can keep in my pocket , so that everyone at work thinks I 'm using a small radio and wo n't complain , I ca n't wait for a new portable tv to come out early 2009 that will work with the new digital system.And I found out the first time around that NHJ is no longer so there is no warranty .
 This Wristwatch first of all is big and bulky . The reception and quality is terrible . Also , i could only get up to four channels out of the 69 it says is available ... I wouldnt recommend getting this ...
 not digital so no good in usa . the seller did not want to return my money . it was my mistake for not making sure it was not analogue so I let it slide even though amazon came to my aid and allowed me to return it . the seller is deceptive so do not buy anything from him
 Item was not current with digital FCC regulations , only could pick up one channel . Seller made it impossible to return , had to ship to Canada within 7 days using only the postal service and must have an authorization number . Cost $ 35.00 - $ 45.00 just to ship back . NOT WORTH IT TO BUY !
 The ear piece worked OK , but the microphone was terrible , and I can not use this product . Be advised to not purchase it .
 The mic works great , we have n't had any complaints with sound quality on our customers ' end . On the other hand , since we have n't been able to hear them worth crap , who knows what they really think . It 's especially painful when we 've had to ask them to repeat him/her self for the 18th time and they say , `` you know what , this is too painful . I 'll place my order with somebody else . '' I 'm definitely going out to buy a new headset . What a waste .
 this headset is very disappointing . setting the volume above the half-way mark results in an audible hum . increase the volume and the hum becomes a significant distraction . thinking that the unit was defective , i contacted plantronics customer support , but was told that this behaviour was to be expected.although it had the features i wanted and is compact , i recommend looking for another headset .
 I agree with the previous person posting . TIVO is great , but the customer service experience was Awful ! TIVO tried to handle the problem by not letting us talk with Phillips directly . Claimed they lost the unit , lost the credit card , credit card was expired -LRB- it was n't -RRB- , etc. . It was like the ` dog ate my homework ' excuse everytime and then they said it was 48 hrs before they could get us an update . 2 months later , We finally had our unit back Friday , but by Sunday the TIVO service shutdown because the serial number was unknown to the computer . Had to wait until Monday to fix it ! Buy Sony instead .
 I absolutely loved my Tivo , it was great until the modem stopped working . Needless to say , I spent a loooong time on the phone with customer service . I found out then that after I gave them $ 99 and paid for the shipping they could fix it , so I thought . It came back yesterday , I hooked it up and sure enough , the modem works . Now , I have a new problem . It freezes up during the set up procedure . I have n't called customer service yet . If you really want one of these , I would recomend that you pay for the Tivo service on monthly basis for a year or so until your reasonably sure it wo n't die , or do n't pay for it at all and use your recorder like a regular VCR by manually setting the time and date of shows . Most of all , read the negative reviews , for some reason , I did n't and now I 'm paying for it .
 1 . Tivo documentation and advertising does not say that you CAN NOT watch a channel and record another channel simultaneously . This can only be done if you have a VCR attached and play or record through the VCR . Their docs and ads say '' ... VCR can be used as an archive device . '' Sure ! 2 . Probably , best answer to their problem would be to offer a second unit at a higher price with two tuners and tell the facts . 3 . Their tech support is very polite but does not always follow through . You are suposed to get an update nightly ; actually weekly is more like it . 4 . After five weeks and 40 phone calls to Tivo , I still can not get my channel lineup sychonized with what is showing . Yes , my cable company is not very cooperative , but Tivo should do what is necessary to solve my problem . They take my $ 9.95 monthly ! 5 . Good idea for a product but too early and TOO HYPED ! 6 . Thanks to Amazon for allowing me to vent my ongoing problem !
 I loved my Tivo for the 3 weeks that it worked , then it would n't receive a signal from the cable . After having the Best Buy technicians look at it , they determined that it could n't be fixed.Tivo refunded me the life time service fee without any problem because I had the service for less than 30 days , but they did keep me on hold for 30 mins .
 We hooked up TiVo about six months ago . It took a few hours to set up and download all the info , but then it was working great . Our one problem initially - sometimes it does n't like to communicate channel changes to the cable box . So you 'll put channel 4 into the remote , and TiVo says you 're on channel 4 , but you 're still watching 36 . Very annoying . Do n't know whether that 's TiVo or Philips , so there 's a chance that Sony may be better.Second problem , sometimes TiVo ca n't display a channel . You 'll flipping along , and suddenly , sometimes for hours at a time , it just wo n't show one or more channels . Very irritating , and as far as I know , there 's no way to fix it.Other than those two occasional things , we were very happy with it . I love being able to pause live TV , rewind live TV , and record things without having to remember that day to leave a tape in . It 's also great to be able to watch stuff later without all the commercials.But then three days ago , I turned on the TV and there was no sound . We unplug TiVo , plug it back in , and everything 's fine . So it 's done that about 15 times over the last three days . So we call them last night and we are told it 's probably the sound card . Send the unit to Philips and they 'll either fix it or send you a new one for ... . Are you kidding me ? So right now , I 'm about ready to throw TiVo out the window .
 Great idea , and it is wonderful when it works . After 5 months , I have had two exchanges with no real hope I will ever have a working unit . Costs are mounting up . Service is friendly , but it does n't help when the product is fundamentally not ready for prime time .
 I think the product is a fine idea , but of 2 units purchased , both proved defective ; the first had a large number of artifacts in the picture ; the second alternately lost sound or picture after operating for about 5 minutes . The frustating thing is you have to go through the entire setup -LRB- measured in hours -RRB- before you can see if it will work . Tivo is a product whose time has not yet come - I doubt I will try a third . I got one of the first Replay TV units-the remote control was poorly designed and the unit was noisy-at least Tivo solved that-if they could only make it work !
 Would like to know when the Phillips HDR 312 will be in stock ?
 After connecting the Tivo system and waiting the three hours for the download I was so very dissapointed . Watching live tv through the tivo system produces a less than perfect picture . In essence , the system is always recording the signal on the hard drive so that one can pause , rewind , etc. . Therefore , one is not watching `` LIVE '' tv but rather a recorded signal . I own a sony wega tv and the live tv signal through the tivo was terrible . Grainy , less than sharp , almost like a vcr recording . I am returning the system and will hope that the future brings to us a perfected system .
 A really great idea , unfortunately taken only part way . The machine can only work in the USA . This is really frustrating for potential customers elsewhere in the world . Worse yet , an international version for a world market would only take some simple software changes . A simple user programmable function , much like that in existing video recorders , would allow anyone to set up a schedule of favorite TV/cable channels that could be recorded automatically . The stored shows could then digitally managed so that only the last say 10 shows of a program would be kept and new recordings would constantly overwrite older shows . This simple ability alone would make the TIVO unit usable anywhere in the world . Of course to take advantage of the present max 60-hour capacity the unit would need to be able to handle at least 60 to 120 program events . A lot to set up to be sure but this would be a one-time effort and based on the user interests . Just imagine when 100 - 1000GB hard drives become available . It may be posible to keep every episode of a favorite TV series online and immediately accessible.If the TIVO schedule was desired as well , a few simple changes could take of that too .1 . Allow the unit to be able to dial up the data via the Internet or allow for international long distance dialing with support for 24-30 digit dialing .2 . Allow for a simple channel re-mapping function so that CNN on channel 25 on the TIVO schedule could be re-assigned to channel 33 for the users local TV/cable source.I am very keen to have a unit . . once they become global-ready products . Maybe one day someone will build the Super DVR that would be just like a VCR but without the hassle of tape and with the plus of easy digital control of watching time-shifted shows ... and work anywhere in the world .
 I have a cable system that has an A-B switch . Tivo does not support this . Their solution is to decide between using Tivo on `` A '' or `` B '' . And when I wanted to switch , it took a 2 hour set up . Also , if your system requires a cable box you probably wont be able to watch another channel while Tivo is recording . -LRB- you would need another cable box or cable tuner of some sort -RRB-
 I purchased a TiVo personal TV receiver from you and received andinstalled it on March 5 , 2000 . It is now about 4 months old and gave me a message that it could n't connect by phone since June 14 . So it is running out of programming data.I found it to be an excellent product so I hardly minded paying $ 800 for this piece of junk.A call to TiVo service reveals that the modem is no longer working . So 1 month out of warrantee they want me to pay $ 100 for a replacement TiVo . Will this be a new one ? How many hours on the disc on the TiVo they will send me?Lets see , 10,000 internal modems at $ 20 , no lets get the cheap ones for $ 15 . So what if they do n't last , some dummy will pay $ 100 to replace it.They have the nerve to sell an $ 800 piece of electronic equipment that lasts just past the 3 month warantee . And you sell it too.I paid $ 800 for my first Sony Betamax . It worked for 4 years without repair . I have 6 Sony Trinitron TV 's now . I will buy another product from Phillips when they sell something that gives value for the money . I expect that will be never .
 I have had my Tivo 312 for less than a week now and am finding that my unit is freezing up when it tries to record - at least a daily occurrence -LRB- yesterday it happened 4 times -RRB- . I 've concluded I have a defective unit and must return it for a new one . My dilemma
 I have a 30 hour TIVO unit . It lasted 4 months before the modem fried and sent me into customer service hell . Phillips needs to use better quality components and better quality service reps.
 There seem to be a problem with the philips tivo modem . i know several friends from different states with the same modem problem . it appears that there is a problem with philips tivo modem and they are not willing to admit it .
 I have to say , in general what the unit does and the service is pretty incredible . Set up was n't too difficult -LRB- dish network -RRB- just a bit time consuming . Problem is after 2-3 month the units modem fails to work . It can not dial into tivo central for programming data . It has been a real frustrating situation - setting up 3 units , having my tv majorly distubed after sending back the damaged unit and waiting for a replacement . and the fact that you are so spoiled with this that when you dont have it it drives you crazy ! :--RRB- Im giving up on the phillips unit at least in my case and going to try out a sony unit . perhaps Ill have better luck . . Also have to say the 50 minutes on wait for a tivo troubleshooter is a bit irritating to say the least - try doing it 4 or more times ...
 I loved my TiVo from the moment I installed it -LRB- which takes a little while , but then it 's over -RRB- . However , I have had three units fail because of the extensively discussed TiVo modem issue . If you have not had a hardware problem yet , then you are fortunate.Please do n't take my word for it -- evaluate the hardware issues for yourself by browsing the excellent TiVo forum ... prior to purchasing a unit , for very helpful advice . Read the FAQs and try searching for `` dead modem . `` Apparently the modem is highly sensitive to any power fluctuation in the telephone line , and is very easily burned out . Because the modem is built as part of the TiVo chip , it can not simply be replaced with a better modem.If you decide to purchase a TiVo unit , be sure to buy from a reliable merchant -LRB- reports about Amazon are good -RRB- and also purchase an iron-clad extended warranty . Otherwise , after 90 days , all Phillips TiVo repairs are $ 99 . Sorry to be so negative about the hardware , but I will repeat that the TiVo service itself is terrific !
 I bought it . I sent it back . The equipment is not completely reliable yet . I had the system freeze up twice . I became slow and unresponsive to commands on other occasions . -LRB- Consumer Reports said they had problems with system crashes on two units . -RRB- Despite the potential unreliability of hard disks and the cost of the system , no extended warranty protection is available if you buy online -LRB- some brick and mortar retailers do offer them indepdently of Philips -RRB- . You have two people to deal with if there is a problem
 I was an early adopter of the TIVO technology in December 1999 . I agree with the positive things that other reviewers in this space say about it . It greatly enhances TV viewing . However , my unit only lasted about a year or so before it died . I guess there 's something wrong with the modem inside it . It no longer downloads program information . Without that , it will not function . After several go-rounds with TIVO `` customer service '' -LRB- they say there must be something wrong with my phone line , but I say my phone line still works fine and nothing has changed -RRB- , I 've just decided to stop using it rather than replacing it . The `` lifetime '' fee I paid when I bought the unit apparently only applies to my unit 's lifetime , not mine . I do n't want to pay another `` lifetime '' fee and buy another box , which might also die after a year or so . You may want to wait for a while to see how well made the units are .
 I had problem after problem with my tivo . To begin with , the channel line up was not correct and took ten phone calls -LRB- hours on hold -RRB- and three weeks to get it right . Secondly , it has frozen on me several times , some of which resulted in the loss of recordings . Lastly , the season pass has not worked reliably for some shows . Sometimes it just does not record them.I believe UltimateTV will be a much better choice and will be buying myself one for next Christmas .
 First , let me say that I LOVE the whole concept of being able to control live tv . I was really excited when I picked up my Tivo ! Unfortunately , I did n't have a very good experience with it at all .1 -RRB- I did not know that there was a monthly fee involved -LRB- I guess this serves me right for buying it in retail from a clueless salesperson who did n't know anything about the product -RRB- .2 -RRB- When I did find out about the monthly fee -LRB- upon setup of the product -RRB- , I went ahead and registered for that fee . But I 'm concerned about how my credit card & personal information was linked to the Tivo serial number . Is n't Tivo getting into targetted advertising ? How will this affect me ? 3 -RRB- After a week , my Tivo died . I had a long run-around with their support people -LRB- not to mention the attitudes I had to put up with -RRB- that did n't solve the problem.All in all , I returned it . While I liked the idea of the product and the look of the interface , I got lost in my usage of it and then it up & died.I 'm looking at the ReplayTV product from Panasonic -LRB- who has a great reputation in video products and reliability ! -RRB- .
 1 -RRB- Tivo charges for their service . Current prices are 9.95 per month or 199.95 for a lifetime service . Of course the lifetime service is for a limited time only . -LRB- I ask you this , Why pay for service when the Panasonic Showstopper with ReplayTV does not charge -RRB- 2 -RRB- Once a show is recorded to move through commercials you must fast forward . -LRB- Pansonic Showstopper with ReplayTV has a 30 second quickskip feature , average commercial is 30 seconds -RRB- 3 -RRB- The channel guide is very complicated and very hard to navigate -LRB- Remember DOS -RRB- Panasonic showstopper with Replay TV 's channel guide is very easy to navigate and looks alot like Preview Guide on most cable companies -RRB- I guess what I 'm saying is I did n't want to pay another bill so I bought the Panasonic Showstopper with ReplayTV and I love it ! I 'm buying my family 4 of them for Christmas this year!Thanks for your time .
 I 'm sorry to say that I would not recomend this product . I was very exicted to get my Tivo but four days after the two hour set up , my Tivo died . Tivo was great about replacing it , but even my second one seems to crash a lot . I am not a computer expert but mabye one reason is because the Tivo unit is always on . I was so surprised to see that there was not even a power button on the unit . Mabye because it does get a chance to rest is why I have problems with my Tivo . I think I will put the Tivo in the Kids room and try another brand .
 This works and does pause tv . But there are too many problems . The first , is that it takes too long to install . I am very good with electronics and took me 3 hours to install not including the setup . The second , my screen would turn blue and I could n't do anything for about an hour . This happened about twice a day . And the worst problem is that it would change channels on it 's own and there is nothing i could do about it . This product is not worth buying and is too much of a hassle .
 well , my first Tivo unit came DOA - apparently the hard drive cable was not connected to the system board . Tivo/Phillips people sent me a refurbished unit -LRB- in only a week - very timely -RRB- - the new unit worked for 2 days , then crashola . it tells me politely to wait for 3 hours whilst it attempts to recover . `` A serious system error has occurred . '' it warns me . I wait . nothing happens . i call Tivo . they tell me to `` let it sit for 24 hours to rebuild itself . '' it sits . i wait . nothing . now i will call again , wasting another $ 14 to ship the unit back to them to replace . this time i am going to ask for a new replacement unit , not a refurbished one . perhaps this time it will work . when it is working , it is phenomental . when it is working , that is . which for me has been two days over the past three weeks . sigh .
 I tried both , replaytv is clear winner .1 -RRB- 30 Seconds skip button 2 -RRB- Ability to pad shows . 3 -RRB- Superior Channel guide 4 -RRB- No monthly fees to pay
 1 -RRB- Tivo charges for their service . Current prices are 9.95 per month or 199.95 for a lifetime service . Of course the lifetime service is for a limited time only . -LRB- I ask you this , Why pay for service when the Panasonic Showstopper with ReplayTV does not charge -RRB- 2 -RRB- Once a show is recorded to move through commercials you must fast forward . -LRB- Pansonic Showstopper with ReplayTV has a 30 second quickskip feature , average commercial is 30 seconds -RRB- 3 -RRB- The channel guide is very complicated and very hard to navigate -LRB- Remember DOS -RRB- Panasonic showstopper with Replay TV 's channel guide is very easy to navigate and looks alot like Preview Guide on most cable companies -RRB- I guess what I 'm saying is I did n't want to pay another bill so I bought the Panasonic Showstopper with ReplayTV and I love it ! I 'm buying my family 4 of them for Christmas this year!Thanks for your time .
 Look at web forums about this product they are crashing and burning at epidemic rates . I have had mine for 5 months and I loved it . Now it is dead as are many many others . They clam it is a hard drive failure and they will replace it for -LSB- price -RSB- plus shipping . What a deal right ? I think not . Then if you do some research people , people who have done this had to wait a month the got a refurbished product that soon did the same thing . I think the company has some serious explaining to do . It is not a hard drive failure , it is a product that they will not stand behind because they know that they have people in a LIFETIME service agreement . This is a serious problem that I hope puts them out of business .
 I 've had two failed units so far since my purchase in February . The first one had problems within a week of purchase -LRB- freezing up literally every few minutes -RRB- , and Amazon was wonderful about taking it back and shipping me a new one . The second one suffered hard drive failure by early July ; I have shipped it back to Tivo & am waiting for unit # 3 . Because I 'm still in my 1-year warranty period , I will receive a refurbished unit for $ 99.95 . When it 's working , it is wonderful , but this succession of failed units really makes me wonder about long-term reliability . After my warranty is up , will I be SOL ? I also regret buying the `` lifetime '' subscription to the Tivo service because the duration of the `` lifetime '' now seems somewhat questionable -LRB- supposedly the subscription will transfer to a new unit as long as the same model is purchased , but do I really want to be a repeat customer ? -RRB-
 i was in love with this product , it was the best thing since sliced bread , except i paid 400.00 $ and the modem blew up in less than a year . even with the waranty phillips wants over 100.00 $ to fix it that is not including shipping which would cost maybe 30 or 40 dollars more . dont do it buy a different brand .
 TIVO works for some but not for others . The TIVO system is not compatable with the DISH NETWORK better receiver that operates on an FM signal instead of infared . Also it is not compatable with all TV sets and in many cases the signal is not as strong as it is without TIVO . TIVO 's advertising is misleading in that they tell you that it records 14 hours . The reality is that it only records 4 hours at a quality that is as good as normal TV reception . My suggestion would be to wait till all the bugs are worked out and the hard drive capacity is increased at an affordable price .
 There has been something wrong with the modem in the three units I have owned . Calls to customer service take over 45 minutes to get through.I love the TiVo when it works but the customer service experience was the WORST I have experienced .
 My husband gave me a Tivo for Christmas and we loved this product . However it turns out that the technology is still in a developing stage . The Tivo died this week with a green serious error screen . Phillips has a 90 day labor 1 year parts warranty so for $ 99 plus shipping they will send a refurbished unit . This is very expensive considering what we paid for the unit just a few months ago and considering that the refurbished unit will carry the same very limited warranty . I would not buy this product without an extended warranty because these units have a 1 in 33 failure rate in the first year for the hard drive and also a high failure rate for the modem . Otherwise wait a few years for a new manufacturer , more developed technology , or better warranty .
 I LOVE Tivo . When I travel out of town , I miss my tivo more than I miss my family . Everything about the Tivo service is spectacular.Now , onto this Philips Unit . I purchased it . It worked . 18 mos later the modem died . I spent 12 + hours on HOLD waiting for Philips to help me with my `` problem '' and NEVER spoke with anyone . I emailed . I called . No Philips contact to date . I 've done my research , however , and have learned that this is a typical issue for Philips PVRs . Sadly , the modems fry . In fact , it 's not surprising to have to get a new modem for it every year . Bad bad bad . So . I 'm done with Philips . I 'm paying more for Sony . Why ? B/c I just tried to call Sony support as a `` test '' . Guess what ? I spoke with a real life person within moments!Goodbye , Philips ! Forever !! Long Live Tivo !!
 No doubt Tivo is the invention of the millenium , if you love TV -LRB- especially sports -RRB- like I do . But Phillips Tivo units are the worst electronic product I think I have ever purchased . There is a reason their warranty is ` limited ' and after 90 days you will pay something to get it fixed . Every Phillips Tivo unit I 've had , including the new 7000 unit , has broken in under a year , but over the 90 day full guarantee . And do n't think you are actually going to talk to someone at Phillips , not without giving them your credit card # you are n't . Unfortunately , it appears the new Directv Tivo units are made by Phillips . Ugh . Bad choice , Directv .
 Three TiVo 's later I 've finally ordered a Replay TV . The TiVo is a fine machine , when it works , but is hobbled by one of the flakiest and most trouble prone modems ever attached to a piece of consumer electronics , and a system of setting up and customer service that takes 45 minutes just to find the time of day . Living in an apartment building with a noisy phone line I had the good fortune to burn out two modems , each lasting about 48 hours . When my third machine turned out to be already registered to an account that had been suspended I gave up and ordered the Replay.Still -- while it worked it pointed me in the direction of some great movies.Great price too ... luckily Circuit City tell me that Phillips will take back any returns , no questions aksed -- maybe they know something we do n't ?
 In a short amount of time working with Sonicwalls , I discovered quite a few issues . I do not recommend Sonicwall as a result . Perhaps the CONS below wo n't affect you , but at least be aware of them.PROS : Small form factor for UTMCONS : Horrible customer service -LRB- outsourced to India , unless you are certified -RRB- Long wait for customer serviceDynamic DNS client bug that has yet to be resolved -LRB- see below -RRB- No DNS proxy intelligence for Split-Brain/Split horizon setupVery weak DHCP server options , only basicsPoor documentationCustomer Service
 I recently purchased this KVM to replace a 2 port device with integrated -LRB- non detachable -RRB- cables where one of the video signals had broken causing color issues . After spending the time to connect 3 machines I discovered that the mouse would n't work with any of the computers , yet the mouse connected directly would work with all 3 computers . A quick call to Belkin and I was told this is an OLD product that does n't support mice with USB -- > PS/2 converters -LRB- which is > 90 % of mice sold in the last 18 months ! -RRB- . The mechanical design is not ideal with connectors on all four sides - this creates placement issues and leads to it consuming a large portion of your desk area . It would be much better if the cables all exited from the rear . In addition there is an annoying -LRB- and uncontrollable -RRB- beep every time a switch is made - this should really be configurable as some people love this - others have a problem with it and have resorted to opening the device to defeat the speaker.I would n't have been so frustrated had the product identified it ONLY works with old defunct mice / keyboards . Sorry Belkin but I will be returning this device and looking for an up to date alternate from one of your competitors .
 If you have plenty of space and a tolerance for loud and annoying electronics , then the Belkin 4-Port KVM is for you.This thing is like a kid in a movie theater
 I have used this bag a handful of times -- perhaps 10-15 -- and I am thoroughly disappointed . With just a computer , power adapter , and 1 book this bag is unmanageably heavy . Lugging it 10 minutes across campus leaves my shoulder and upper back sore -LRB- and I am NOT a weakling -- I lug around a 33 pound toddler all the time ! -RRB- . It is not roomy , and not very conducive to conveniently carrying components -- even a power cord . The water bottle pockets on the side are nearly useless because of the way they 're designed.And worst of all , having only used this bag for a little while , the top handle is ripping off ! The construction quality clearly leave a lot to be desired . I would return it if I could , and find another , more quality , better designed computer bag .
 I have bought three of these units over the past year to protect the telephone connections on a cordless phone and an Apple Airport wireless network base station -LRB- not using the protector 's pass-through power outlet -RRB- . Both the first and second protectors went inoperative after nearby lightning strikes ... and they are acceptable losses considering the purpose and price of this product . My complaint is that the `` Protected '' indicator LED continued to illuminate on both units even after they were no longer functional , as exhibited by a lack of dial tone on a downstream phone.Additionally , the third protector -LRB- purchased as a backup -RRB- failed to work upon its unpackaging -LRB- still no dial tone -RRB- while its `` Protected '' LED indicator suggested all was well . For its cost , it is not worth the time and expense to seek a refund on this DOA item . Perhaps the pass-through power outlet was still `` Protected '' , but the phone line circuit was not.With this experience , I will no longer consider Belkin products in the future .
 Received 2 days before expected delivery . Surge protecters are just right for my purpose . One on each of telephone and modem connections . Right size for my purposes.Oops ! ordered 6-27-2011 and installed upon receipt . One was installed on cordless base station/answering machine . Had a electrical spike yesterday -LRB- 7-15-2011 -RRB- and base station fried . Surge protectors indicator lights show everything still working ! Having to replace cordless phone system -LRB- base with 6 remotes -RRB- . Manufacturer , Panasonic , says it is outdated model . Costing me about $ 150 or so.Don ' t trust Belkin at all now .
 Seems to work fine , but its not clear from the description that it only protects 1 line , not all 4 pins of an RJ-11 phone cable .
 Lousy product . I used it to protect my refrigerator outlet . It did n't last more than 1 minute and the product smell burnt and stopped working . I do n't recommend this product to any body . Poor quality . Fire hazzard .
 i purchased 2 units for laptop use when traveling . i found it handy , and cheap.the problem is that its only 110V which should be `` auto volt or 100-250v `` i 'm disappointed because i ca n't use it in asia like the Philippines for 240v and japan 100V .
 Both this model and theBelkin F9H220-TVL Travel Surge Protector with Hidden Swivel Plugsuffer from the same dangerous design defect
 I bought a laptop from Acer , repeatedly had problems with the DVD drive . They told me to mail it back to them for repair . Then , they mailed it back to me untouched . Then , when I called them on it , they told me to mail it back again and be without it for yet another week . This is ridiculous . I 'm filing charges in small claims court for the cost of the laptop .
 Could n't get this copier to print properly even after putting in new ink cartridges . It kept needing alignment . I contacted the seller and he said it was working properly when he shipped it and wanted me to scan the problem to him by e-mail . Since the product would n't scan , I was unable to do so . The seller said he was sorry . I bought a new copier from a retailer and it works just fine . The seller never asked me to return his copier to him .
 I needed a case for my cyberhome portable dvd player and this case seemed the logical choice . The case itself consistes of four compartment
 This item advertised that it held most 7inch screen DVD players . I bought Polaroid brand for my kids for Christmas . Unless you only want to carry the player itself and one unprotected DVD -LRB- Cases do n't fit in the compartment for DVDs -RRB- , forget it . The only other accessory that does fit it the remote which is n't of much use when traveling since the player is n't far from you . This case is a total waste in my opinion and I was very disenchanted . I would recommend buying a case specifically made by the company that made the DVD player that you purchased.My whole reasoning for buying a case was so that my kids would n't lose all of the components and they do n't fit in this one so I defeated my purpose altogether . I guess they can use them for gameboys or short travel .
 I have had the laptop for 3 years now . Fan makes a lot of noise all the time . Tone changes constantly and is very hard to ignore . There is a lot of information on this problem online . Secondly have had problems with dvd drive , costumer service is ok , but I bought a DELL and its much better . Try a DELL and forget the IBM/Lenovo .
 I have used thinkpads for many years , and this new model is not up to the old standard . it 's just another cheap Chinese laptop now that IBM has exited . The old styling cues and sturdy feel are gone . Try a VAIO .
 A good solid keyboard and the lighting is adiquate but the letters are white and therefore STILL cant be seen very well . The supports for the keys are black and are easily seen for all the good that does !!
 I bought this item less than a year ago , and now I am shopping for a replacement . The combo unit is a good idea - it saves space and simplifies set up - but the quality of GoVideo leaves quite a bit to be desired . The VCR side works well , but the DVD side is hopeless . It 's slow to load . It skips and freezes . The materials are generally cheap .
 I bought this set a few months ago and after a few movies watched on it , almost every DVD I had tried was skipping like heck . It was n't my DVDs , because they were brand new , and the player was brand new , so I doubt it needed a cleaning . At first I thought I had just gotten a `` lemon '' , but from the other reviewers on here , it seems like I 'm not the only one . This player skips ... hopefully I can get a replacement soon .
 The unit plays store bought DVD and all VHS tapes fine-BUT-The DVD unit did NOT play my VCD 's -LRB- CD-R 's -RRB- or any of my DVD + R / DVD + RW dvd 's . THIS IS NOT mentioned on the BOX.Until they make a unit that plays these formats -- this one 's goin back to the store.If it played the formats I need it to play I would rate it a 4 -- good price -- easy hook up -- easy operation -- good playback.BUT ... until that time it gets a 2 .
 I 've had this camera since March '05 and have nothing but great results with it . The camera was a gem up until last month when it just suddenly stopped working . Some sort of malfunction with the lens thus preventing me from taking any sort of decent picture . It 's now in the repair shop with Sony and hopefully will be back in time to capture my son 's first birthday on the 24th . Am noticing a trend though with the various mechanical complaints . Might want to invest in something different , especially since the warranty only covers the camera for a year . If Sony had n't agreed to cover the repair costs themselves , the cost out of my pocket would have been $ 180 ... told them I 'd rather buy a new camera and could guarantee them that it would n't be a new Sony .
 I take basic point and shoot pictures of my family and so on . I was really disappointed with the image and focus quality on this camera . If * anything * is moving , it tends to show up as a blur -- even a child waving his hand.The `` camera unsteady '' warning came on every time too . I even sat it on a table top , and it still warned `` camera unsteady ! `` I decided to return it and look for something better .
 I purchased this camera for my trip to Europe . DISAPPOINTEDis the short review . My sister had an Olympus 3.1 MP and her pictures blew mine way . I had serious clarity and focus problems . My prints were terrible for the most part and I am considering returning this camera . Sorry Sony I was burned this time .
 If you have kids and want to take pictures of them inside , then do NOT buy this camera . It takes great pictures outdoors . Indoors , most of my pictures of my kids are blurry . I have to take five or more pictures to get one that comes out ok . If your kids are moving while you 're trying to take their picture , forget it , they wo n't come out . I do use this camera for outdoor pictures , but inside I use my Sony CyberShot DSC-P8 , it 's older , but still takes great indoor pictures .
 The camera was an excellent one , it took very high-quality pictures ; however , it broke a little more than a year after I bought it , it would n't power on for an unknown reason , and it was exactly 14 days out of the one-year warranty ! The repair cost is rather expensive
 I 'm blown away by the positive reviews of this camera . It does n't snap the picture when you hit the button , and the delay is ridiculous when you are trying to shoot pictures of children . It takes too long to reset after the flash goes off . I find that it really only takes consistantly good photos outside on sunny days , mainly because you do n't need to deal with the flash . Indoors in low light , forget about it . I do n't even waste my time trying . I 've been very disappointed by this camera .
 there are bad reviews all over the internet about this camera . there are multiple problems , one being a circuit board that goes bad and causes the camera to cease operating -- lens retraction and opening problems -LRB- constant power off / power on messages -RRB- . just search online for the model number and `` problem '' or `` lens '' and you 'll see what i mean.this camera was one of 6 sony models that were recalled in china and japan back in 2005 when they came out.BUT SONY NEVER DID A NORTH AMERICAN RECALL !!! what a rip off !!!!
 the camera is very sensitive to movement and seems to snap blurry photos . When the button is pushed the camera has a delay reaction to the shot and does not respond immediately . I am having to retake many photos because of inaccurate and blurred pics . Have developed many photos that are not clear . I am sorry I spent so much money and did not get quality . I am disappointed in Sony since I have many other products from them that are worth the expense . I am thinking of buying another brand that is more reliable.Enrica Funari
 This fragile little camera is not built to last.After 9 months of light use , the plastic latches on the interior of the battery compartment door broke . Sony refused to honor warranty and wanted $ 175 to fix it . This problem is so common that ebay has auctions for kits to fix the problem at about $ 40 , but the repair is fairly complex to do at home.The camera is not robust enough even for moderate use . Sony customer service is a joke .
 sony camera 's are the worst to repair . they charge you $ 200.00 for a flash . That is almost the same price as a new one . Buy the other brands . they have local shops that will fix warrenty problems SONY does NOT have this . you have to send it to Texas . I do n't even live in a state that touchs Texas . Please Buy a different brand of camrea you will be much happier . the parts and acc . are more as well .
 I got this camera to replace an older sony digital camera , an F55 . I thought 6 years later their product would be much improved . It is a beautiful looking camera , nice LCD , lots of features , BUT blurry pictures and almost impossible to use inside . For some reason this camera -LRB- and I tried all sorts of settings -RRB- produces a `` soft '' -LRB- out of focus -RRB- picture all the time , and inside it 's blurry . The little hand indicating camera movement comes on ALL THE TIME inside and I do n't move at all . Compared to my older Sony , which produces a clear , crisp picture , I was very disappointed and I am returning this for a refund and will live with the good old camera . I know blur was a problem often cited for the W1 and thought it would be addressed , but No , it was not . Take some pics at a store and then have them display them on the computer , they look OK in the LCD but on the computer , out of focus big time.I 'm not angry with Sony , I love the old one , but I wanted to let buyers know about the focus issues .
 Well , it seems that we have joined the 1 year club that everyone else who has owned this camera for a year is already in . This camera wont take pictures indoors . Too bad I had to find out this past weekend when my daughter was the flower girl in a wedding and I came home with no shots of her to share with family and friends , not to mention I also have no shots of the bride and groom or any of the wedding itself . What a disapointment . I wish I could sue Sony for the loss of memories that I suffered from this lousy camera .
 I 've owned this camera a little over a year . It was my 2nd digital camera . It always had focus issues in low-light . I thought it was me , but after working extensively with the manual , after I finally had some time , I discovered that it was the camera . You really need a tripod for those low-light shots . I was n't able to return it , so I 've taken hundreds of pictures with it . It takes beautiful pictures with good light and has a really nice size screen . However , the lens will no longer contract and I get an error message that is unresolvable unless I pay at least $ 170 . I 'm just going to get a better quality camera . I will not buy Sony again .
 I agree with most of the other negative reviews here - focus problems !! My camera lens is now stuck , and the camera is completely inoperable . It is about 2 years old , so I did get some good use out of it , but I am upgrading . Different brand this time !!
 This is my second Sony digital camera . My first was a 4.1 megapixel DSC-S85 . It took great pictures -- never blurry -- in all light situations . My only complaint was that as one of the first generation digital cameras , the shutter lag was horrible ! So , I had high hopes for the DSC-W5 when my husband gave it to me for Christmas two years ago . While the shutter lag was much improved , I quickly learned that this new camera did not do so well in low light , and if my hand moved in the slightest or unless our children sat less than absolutely still while taking a picture -LRB- those of you with kids are laughing right now , right ? -RRB- , the photo came out blurry . However , I became more disappointed when we had owned the camera for just under a year and the dial that allows you to move between modes started malfunctioning . Every time I tried to switch it to review mode , it would stay in camera mode . It was impossible to review photos unless the dial was set precariously between movie mode and review mode . We sent the camera back to Sony , and to their credit , they fixed it within a couple of weeks with no charge . However , it 's been about a year since the repair and the dial is starting to malfuction again . The camera is also starting to eat batteries like crazy -- even the expensive rechargable kind . I wish I could recommend this camera since I was so satisfied with the photo quality of the DCS-S85 . However , after two years worth of problems with the W5 , my advice is to keep looking .
 I sure do wish I could be one of the 5 star reviewers of this camera but alas , you 'll only get two from me.Prior to owning this camera I had an Olympus Camedia which took fantastic pictures but was slow to to start , had a long lag time between button press and snap , and a fairly long time before the next shot would take . Because most of my photography is of kids snowboarding and playing hockey , this was a serious drawback.I purchased the Sony Cybershot DSC-W5 almost a year ago after doing a lot of research and testing many models out at varoius stores . Everything about it seemed perfect . It had every feature I was looking for and did all of it faster than any other camera I could find . The one thing that you ca n't test at a store , however , is the quality of the pictures . Pity.In the automatic mode the color quality of the photos is terrible and not at all true , it does n't handle various lighting situations well , and the photos are often less than crisp . Even after manipulating them on photo software , they are still lacking . I have tried various settings and read and re-read the manual hoping to find some clue to solving the problems.Interestingly , my sister has the same camera and she is equally disappionted with the photos it takes for the same reasons.My advice , keep shopping .
 I bought this camera mainly based on the positive reviews I had read and the brand name . What a disappointment I have had ! The camera takes very blurry pictures indoors almost all the time . When I try to take a picture , it flashs a symbol indicating the camera is not stable and the picture could be blurry . However , the symbol keeps on flashing even when I set the camera on a surface -LRB- i.e. on a table -RRB- - how much more stable can you make the camera to be ? Needless to say , the indoor pictures are all fussy and quite bad . I ca n't beleive a camera from Sony could be such poor quality . I 'm now trying to get rid of this camera and buy another one -LRB- certainly not Sony -RRB- .
 The Sony dscw5 is the worst camera I 've ever owned . There is nothing but problems with the memory stick no matter how many I 've tried the camera gives an error message with beeps 9 out of 10 times so you have to open the compartment and take out the stick and put it back in hoping that it will work . Also battery life is used up way too fast . All in all a piece of junk despite the Zeiss lens . If you 're looking for a camera that is dependable for fast shots this is not the camera to get . If you are using it for a portrait and the person dos n't mind waiting 10 min while the memory sticks gets readjusted then by all means waste your money . NO MORE SONY CAMERAS !
 I recieved the camera and turned it on . The lens came out but will not retract inI e-mailed the sender and did not recieve a reply .
 This items DOES NOT HAVE an AC jack . Comes with NO type of earphone . Local Best Buy told me cassettes needed to be special ordered . I spend several hundred dollars a year with this company and they will not accept return of this product .
 I bought this recorder 1 year ago . It 's the biggest disappointment . I got it for $ 26 at Officemax , so definitely do n't pay $ 46 as listed at the time of my review . I do medical transcribing and have gone through about 6 microcassette recorders in 10 years , so I do have some knowledge in these . This one sucks ! The sound quality is horrendous . It tips over if you set it down on a desk to play or record , it leans forward , others will lie flat . I believe this is why it does n't work because it keeps tipping and hitting the desk as I work . The buttons are cheap . Mine are broken now and the cassette holder does n't close tightly so I have to squeeze it tight manually just to get it to play correctly , I 'm writing this because I 'm shopping for a new one because this one is only working on a wing and prayer still . Oh and none of my headphones will work with this , so I needed to buy a special Olympus one that is much smaller than even my apple iPod headphones.I 'm going back to Sony . This thing sucks !
 The recorder I got was not clear and had a static . It came highly recommended by a friend so I know it is a good product . I just think that I may have got a lemon which can happen with any product . I would not want to encourage of discourage anyone from buying one .
 This case is too large for general carrying of a DVD player . There were too many velcro straps included without instructions or ideas on how to use them . Pictures were on the package , however I could n't figure most of them out .
 We ordered this case/auto mount for our Philips PET710 7 '' Widescreen Portable DVD Player because it was the one recommended by Amazon . I needed the auto mount for long car rides with my toddler . I eventually got this thing to work -LRB- failure was not an option if you get my drift -RRB- , but it has a number of drawbacks.-In order to mount it , you have to remove the top half -LRB- huh ? -RRB- . Having two parts makes it harder to install and easier to lose . I accidentally left the top part on the top of the car when I drove away.-It 's too small . The Philips portable DVD player is too long for the case and the headphones and car/ac converters also pull the player out of the case . Plus -LRB- and this is really amazing -RRB- , it does not have enough space to hold the most basic accessories that came with the DVD player . I have to carry the headphones and sleaved DVDs seperately!I chose my last DVD player b/c it came with an auto mount case , and even though I like the Philips DVD player , I 'd do that again if I had it to do over . Having the right case/mount for your DVD player is that key .
 I bought 2 , being stupid and thinking they would surely fit my standard-size , 7 '' , Coby DVD players . They did not . When I went to return them , they said that , in addition to paying the return shipping , I had to pay a $ 15 `` restocking fee '' ! So , $ 25 to return 2 items totalling $ 33 ?! Also , the return policy is very tricky and time-consuming , akin to those `` we hope you get so frustrated you never fill it out '' rebate cards.As to the product , I ordered 2 of the same thing , and 1 is differnent than the other ! They are shoddy and have a lot of different places where the craftmanship seems poor.Overall , below average product from a company with horrible service - if you 're going to roll the dice on the low price , good luck !
 I liked the look of this case from the photo , but upon receipt decided it would n't provide enough protection . Although the contour back is firm , the rest of the case is quite flexible and thinly-padded . With the weight of the laptop inside , when using the shoulder strap , the entire case hangs a little crooked and misshapen . Papers kept inside with the laptop could easily get crumpled and bent up too . I was not impressed with the overall design and protection features and returned it .
 this was terrible . It did not work . I contacted company for a refund with no sucess . The cables were the only things that worked . Everything else was junk . The connections were loose and you neve could get a picture or sound . Do n't waste your money !!
 The anycom mouse is a very nice looking design and the docking charger works well , but it is driving me nuts with it 's slow response time . I end up having to click twice on almost everything . It is as if the rate that it 's sending information to the computer is slow , so it does n't sense a click unless you hold the button down for an extra moment . Fine if you work like that , but not if you 're used to a regular mouse response.It is also pretty small . Great for travel , but my large hands get cramped up using it for extended periods .
 I loved the concept and it was a product that was unique in its time . The reoccurring problem I encountered was that I kept losing the Bluetooth connectivity between my laptop and the mouse . Very little support exists for the mouse.The mouse was not ergonomic but it is the price to pay for compactness .
 I bought this mouse for use as an travel and desktop use mouse . After a lot of searching around on the internet , I felt that the small size , nice red color -LRB- matches my laptop 's protective case -RRB- , had an on/off switch , and the ability to recharge while using it was what I wanted.Immediately , I had problems with1 -RRB- slipping the battery cover off , very stubborn , and with no instructions other than `` hold down the battery cover latch and remove cover . '' No diagrams .2 -RRB- constantly flashing lights on the charger while the mouse was on , even after leaving it to recharge for hours3 -RRB- absolutely no connectivity to my laptop , an iBook running Panther with an internal Bluetooth receiver -LRB- know that it works , used it before -RRB- . Called support at Anycom who suggested to hold down the `` connect '' button until the laptop found it , using the bluetooth device set up panel . Never connected whether charging or not .4 -RRB- the mouse is just too narrow , the high slope of the sides cause my fingers to slip off , and I have to tense my hand to press the buttons . Maybe I just have long fingers on a narrow hand , but nonetheless , the ergonomics are horrible .5 -RRB- no instructions on how to connect to a Mac . I figured it out myself but would think that to advertise compatibility with Macs would include instructions.Can ' t tell you how well the batteries work and if the charger gets in the way , have n't been using it other than flipping it over and pressing connect . HUGE let down , will be returning it for a refund .
 Between the constant dropped signals , the delay in waking up from `` sleep mode '' and the horrendous battery life , about 3 hrs ... I 'd give this piece of junk 0 stars , but the ratings end at one ... I also KNOW that it is n't my bluetooth adapter seeing as my wireless Apple keyboard works like a charm ... I HATE THIS MOUSE ! This is the second mouse that I have returned to amazon due to poor functionality .1 . WAY TO TINY , It slips out of my hand and causes MAJOR cramps .2 . `` Power Saving '' mode SUCKS ! It is dead in less then 3 hrs . Also , it takes about 6 seconds to `` wake up '' so when I go to grab the mouse , it does not work .3 . Frequent lost connections are a real PAIN IN THE REAR ! For every ten minutes of use , I must RE-PAIR the mouse to my computer . Wow , even now as I write this review , the `` lost signan '' icon just flashed . . The mouse just stopped working ! Perfect example ! 4 . The bluetooth indicator light -LRB- on the adapter -RRB- blinks like crazy ! ITS ANNOYING !!! 5 . LAME quality and response ! I know that wireless mice are prone to delays and such , but I compared this mouse with my friend 's -LRB- apple -RRB- mouse . The apple mouse is 10000X better . I regret buying this poorly made contraption.As you can see , I am less then pleased with this mouse . I hope I did n't just get a lemon , but I am turned away from buying any future Anycom product . Hopefully amazon will accept the return seeing as I had to have it re ordered , -LRB- lost in the mail -RRB- ... UGH , I HATE THIS MOUSE !!! I wish they made a wireless mighty-mouse !!!
 This is my first LCD monitor and I 'm not that impressed -LRB- though going from a 17 '' to 19 '' is better , obviously -RRB- . I bought it at Fry 's Electronics for -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- before -LSB- ... -RSB- mail-in rebate -RRB- but it will be going back.Forget about gaming with this monitor -- if you need completely black/dark areas , the natural `` built-in '' dark grey glare will be VERY annoying . No amount of contrast , brightness , and/or gamma adjustment helps either . White bleeding along the top edge does n't help either . I do n't know if the 300 cd/m2 brightness is good but , I figure , the higher the better.Also , there 's no DVI plug so the picture quality is n't that great . I do n't know if the .294 mm dot pitch has to do with this , also.I tried dorking with the multiple monitor thing in WinXP but the monitor would n't work at 2048x1024 resolution after switching from 2 displays to 1 -- and no 15-second auto-revert -- bug.No wattage usage in poor excuse for a manual -LRB- 3 pages per each language -- bloating the quickstart guide unnecessarily -RRB- or PDF version -LRB- which , oddly , lists power saving mode off wattage of < 1W but just `` Normal '' for on -- go figure -RRB- . The Watts is n't even listed on the back of the monitor!The PDF manual specs also fail to even mention the most basic of LCD specs
 Viewsonic should be ashamed ! first one had dead pixels . This one has a dark water mark 2 '' wide all down left side after a yr and a half . Colors are fine . Just started looking for a new monitor to have just so I can send this p.o.s. back for warranty replacement . I know one thing it wont have viewsonic name on it.I feel violated . . even on sale it was even a rip off . JUNK BRAND . . I feel technology is not ready for the lcd products . My epinion is to buy the cheapest one you can find . Use it and loose it ! Maybe someone will find out how to build these better or something new will come out.Buy the way , For sale , va903b monitor . No I ca n't do it to ya ' I 'm not as cold hearted as viewsonic is ...
 This was much smaller than I anticipated . I was going to return it but the shipping to return it was $ 25 so I would only get about $ 10 back so I decided to keep it . Makes me think twice about ordering from Amazon again . They should provided return shipping for items that are not up to par . It was cheap and junky compared to others I could have purchased for less at Walmart .
 Well it 's an okay paperweight . Other than that , it just did n't work . I set the clock , then the alarm , and then tried the radio . No sound . Perhaps no radio , but not even static ? And when the alarm should have gone off , and the alarm icon disappeared , it had to be the speaker.I called the 800 # , and I was going to be responsible for mailing it back . That would be $ 5.97 for a $ 15 item.It does n't come with the batteries , and I 'll guarantee that most people do n't have AAA batteries around the house . I have only one other thing in the house that takes triple A batteries . * It now sits in my electronic recycling bin waiting for the October pickup.One chuckle
 I was disappointed in the quality of this clock . Timex has really gone downhill . Within 6 weeks the snooze stopped working . Radio reception is pretty poor . Not very well made .
 We woke up late two days in a row because of this alarm clock . In disbelief , the third day we woke up early and stared at the alarm clock as it breezed through the set alarm-time without making a sound , or registering that it had missed the alarm time.To add insult to injury , the clock misses alarms only when we set the alarm for intervals longer than an hour . A two-minute to one-hour alarm test works fine . When we set it for longer intervals , it wo n't ring . All indicators appear to be correct -LRB- bell sign if using the radio , z sign if using the buzzer , pm indicator where appropriate -RRB- . It just does n't ring.The radio works fine , the clock works fine , the night light works fine . But what 's the point , if the alarm wo n't work ? This item goes back to the store .
 Not wanting to drain my iPhone batteries when out of town and needing an alarm to wake me the next morning , I thought this travel alarm could be a handy alternative.Nope.Not sure what they were thinking when they designed this , but you ca n't use the radio and the alarm at the same time , which is the pits if you like to fall asleep listening to music . And worse , the alarm is not reliable . I 've had several instances now where it does n't go off at the appointed time . Yes , I checked to make sure I was setting AM instead of PM , but to no avail . It 's not rocket science you know , and I have managed more complicated things -LRB- like raising teenage boys -RRB- , yet this alludes me . I 'm going to write it off as a manufacturing flaw , and not my inability to conquer a little box with an LED display.This is not Timex 's finest hour . Pun intended .
 I 'm going to keep this short . This alarm clock loses about a hour in a week . You 'd be better off with a sundial . If you would really like one of these , do n't buy it from Amazon - look in the dumpster behind my office .
 I bought this as a travel clock radio . However , when you go to bed at night you can not have the radio on if you wish to set the alarm ! It has one sliding switch which operates both the radio and alarm . While the radio works okay for such a small item and the alarm seems dependable , it is not that useful if you can not use both together .
 Had to return this clock . Put in batteries and it worked for about 2 seconds and went off . I was surprised because I have never before had a problem with a Timex product . Must have just been a lemon .
 I was given this for Christmas . The radio works , but I have never been able to get anything to appear on the screen , so I ca n't use it as a clock or an alarm . Not worth the cost of sending back for the price that was paid . I read many other negative reviews , but none with the same problem as mine . Remember ... you get what you paid for ... Spend a few extra bucks for better quality .
 Radio dial is too small to -LRB- a -RRB- use -LRB- b -RRB- read -LRB- c -RRB- setHave yet to pick up local station ... do n't know if it is signal or I am not dialing the right frequency
 It 's too late to return , but I 'm thinking about throwing away . Sound is really tinny and bad . Buy something else .
 SORRY TO SAY RECEIVED TRIED IT ON OUR TRIP , KEPT TIME BUT NO ALARM AND NO RADIO . I WOULD HAVE TO PAY $ 6.00 AND POSTAGE TO RETURN A $ 20.00 ITEM . SORRY I PURCHASED.MYRON ROSENSTEIN -- wingspaa@aol.com PO BOX 6608 SPRING HILL FL 34608-7410
 The radio signal is bad quality in my location . The alarm volume is only one level and not loud enough to wake up a heavy sleeper . I had it for two years before the screen went blank .
 Volume control would only affect the radio , and not the buzzer . But unfortunately , both the buzzer and radio would play , even if the alarm was set to wake me to the radio . Returned this and went with the Aiwa FRAP77 battery alarm clock . No problems with the latter at all . Product would otherwise be fine for someone who would not mind this odd glitch .
 The radio never worked and the light only worked for 2 weeks . It is a very bad product . Do not buy .
 Being a bit of an old fart , I grew up trusting the brand name Timex -- inexpensive , no frills , and reliable . No more . I 've had this clock less than six months and it can no longer be read -- the numerals have turned to gibberish . Fresh batteries made no difference , nor did shutting it off and restarting , nor did slamming it against the table top . Piece of crap .
 My husband owned the exact same clock for at least the last 15 years until he dropped it and the time display would only show partial numbers which made it hard to use . I decided to purchase the same one since it 's still available and wo n't have to go through the process of figuring out a new one . However , we put in fresh brand new batteries and at first it would n't work , then reloaded the batteries , it flickered a few times then the time came on . Unfortunately the alarm nor the radio works at all which makes it completely useless . Yes , it 's made in China ... naturally . The quality is n't there on the inside even though the outside has n't changed . If I want a new one , I have to ship it back at my own expense which does n't make it worth doing that . Called customer service and of course they say they do n't get any returns for this unit and never had a problem . I 'm looking for a decent quality travel clock that will last for a few years at least . If anyone has any suggestions please let me know . Thanks !
 I bought a laptop from Acer , repeatedly had problems with the DVD drive . They told me to mail it back to them for repair . Then , they mailed it back to me untouched . Then , when I called them on it , they told me to mail it back again and be without it for yet another week . This is ridiculous . I 'm filing charges in small claims court for the cost of the laptop .
 Will got the job done , in lieu of buying a much pricier , albiet more satisfying solution . Because all but the center 25 % of the image is blurred , this is more of an `` effect '' lens , than a true wide angle solution . Build seems solid enough . Lets talk about the packaging ... - The `` pouch '' that comes with lens positively REEKS of this horrible chemical/petrol smell . It got on my hands and it wo n't come off . It 's nauseating . - The box boasts the following `` features '' : * deluxe high definition * digital high definition wide angle lens * day or night video camera recordingCan anyone tell me what real world application these phrases have ? Do these words mean anything ? I 'll answer my own question
 i got this to avoid spending a lot of money on a lens - do n't - spend the extra money and you will avoid the frustration of this lens ! it took me a while to figure out how to get the two lens ' to work on my Nikon - which takes superior pictures - lost images - lost time - do n't do it !
 Dude , do n't buy a Dell . I bought Dell 's years ago and they purred along for years . When I upgraded the computers in my office this time , I bought Dells - against the advice of my computer consultant.When they came , they did n't work . I bought the deluxe service package - the one where they come on site if they need to . Here 's how that works :1 . If you call , 3 of 4 times you 're on hold for 15 minutes , then there is a click and you 're disconnected . 45 minutes on hold , then someone picks up the receiver and hangs up on you . If you call 40 times this will happen 30 of the 40.2 . Once you get them , they will say it 's a software problem and it 's not their responsibility - call Microsoft . If you call Microsoft , they tell you that , since you bought it from Dell , they are the reseller , and you need to deal with them on all operating system issues .3 . You call back to Dell , and they try to sell you more support and refuse to address the issue -LRB- after hanging up on you three times first -RRB- .4 . I finally called Geeks on Call - they looked at the machines - said it was a ` bad build ' and that it was a Dell problem . I paid another $ 500 to them to get the machines running .5 . I asked Dell for the money back for the service contract - they refuse .
 I placed an order for this Kingston memory stick only to have my order cancelled without explanation . Very lousy customer service .
 The Kingston 1GB RAM arrived in a timely manner but the memory size did not match the label on the Memory stick . When installed , it registered 500MB , not 1GB . If this review results in a corrective action and a new 1GB chip is sent to me , I will mail back the mislabeled memory . I own an HP Pavilion s7620n with 1GB memory already in it but not Kingston brand . When I installed the Kingston memory , I also observed some instability over time -LRB- reboot -RRB- so I removed it.KRH
 Purchased qty 2 of the Kingston ValueRAM 1GB 533MHZ DDR2 . I wanted to increase my server from 2G to 4G . I matched up the proper Gig and speed as the other two Kingston DIMMs in the server . The server showed that there was an increase of memory from 2 Gig to 4 gig , however , some of the applications on the server would not display properly . I had to remove the new DIMMs for my applications to work . I would not recommend these to anyone . Wish I had the money and time back that I spent on using this poor product .
 If this is Swarovski , then they have merged with China!This item has no sparkle . They are drab and cheaply made . The case is very thin and was a big disappointment . I returned it the same day I received it.The packaging is AMAZING . The packaging costs more than the product . They took a cheap product and packaged it to look really expensive .
 Anybody with a cheap pair of cutting pliers will be able to cut through the cable in seconds . I know because I just did it . The cable is very thin and is made of pliable steel wire . You could even use household scissors to gnaw through.Having this lock on is better than nothing because the thief needs to have some cutting tool and then has to deal with the remaining lock that is attached to your computer . However , if you are going to go through the trouble of locking up your computer , you might as well get something with a stronger cable .
 This is a piece of junk and the description is misleading . The cable is so thin -LRB- about the thickness of a thin earphone cable -RRB- that I 'm confident it could be cut with a pair of scissors . Or maybe you could just bend the wire -LRB- it 's not really a cable -RRB- back and forth until it broke . I have another MicroSaver that has a real cable and would not even consider using this one to secure my laptop . And , to make things worse , the packaging is designed so you ca n't even tell how thin the wire is until you open the package .
 Very disappointed with this product . The cable is way too thin . I can cut it in pieces easily . Your computer will not be secured by using this lock . Wasting my money !
 I did n't even bother to open the cable because when I opened the box the device had obviously been previously opened and/or used .
 This is by far the worst amplified antenna i have ever seen . The UHF loop gets in the way of the VHF dipoles , making it impossible just to set it and leave it alone.For reasons unknown to me , there is a clock that runs off a watch battery in the loop , which does n't come with the antenna . And did n't work when I installed a battery.This antenna did n't pick up 1/2 the channels my old RCA amped antenna did . And the RCA was 1/2 the price.Stay away from this one .
 Cheap price , Cheap quality , and Cheap service.I bought this monitor from a local chain store for its low price and rebate . The first one has a problem of violent image shaking during computer startup . The second one is sharp on the left half , and blurry on the right half screen , which I did not noticed until I ran a screen test pattern . The third one is good so far . Forget the rebate -- you will never get it .
 The only good things about this monitor are the price and the look . It is very sleek looking at super light . But that 's where the benefits end . It is dim even when adjusting brightness -LRB- at a certain brightness , it noticably flickers -RRB- . Very unimpressive display . Not worth it . Go with Cornea or Princeton
 Spend the extra cash and buy a 15 '' or 17 '' Monitor , you wo n't be sorry , and while you might think 1 '' is n't alot , in a monitor it actually is alot . You can find a 15 '' for just a few bucks more , and 14 '' is kind of an oddball size , kind of like an 18 '' monitor . 15 '' , 17 '' , and 19 '' seem to be the standard . So resale of a 14 '' , or a 18 '' will likley be tough , especially on a no nome brand like this ... so if you buy this monitor you better be prepared to loose money on it , or keep if for a long time . Take a look at e-bay for resale ...
 I bought this antenna because the one with my HDTV PCI card , which looks after this one , works very well . I can use that antenna to pick up signals for two computers ' HDTV cards and one HDTV , however this one can not pickup weak signals and it falled apart tonight when I tried to hook it up to my HDTV . I should have returned it to amazon .
 Do n't waste your money - this UHF indoor antenna did not give me any better reception than my $ 4.99 Radio shack antenna - plus unlike the Radio Shack this antenna has no adjustments . Of the four major local channels this antenna got poor reception on all four channels - The $ 4.99 Radio Shack rabbit ears got three of the four channels . Summary - do n't buy it .
 I have this hooked up to a directv HD reciever . While I pick up multiple HD channels , they jump in and out of reception so much that it is impossible to watch anything . When it is picking up the reception , the picture is awesome . Maybe I just live somewhere with something interfering with my reception . But I do n't live in the middle of nowhere , I live in the Chicago suburbs and should have good reception.Maybe I need to search on how to tweak it , but just moving the antenna around does n't seem to be doing much to help it .
 I had a hard time imagining that this product was as poorly designed and constructed as the reviews said -- and thought that for the price I 'd give it a try . It literally started to fall apart out of the box . A small connector fell out as I unwrapped the packaging . About five minutes after setting it up and trying to find a good spot for reception , the antenna flopped over and the plastic housing around the coax connector broke . It does n't even want to stand stable ; the weight of the cable is enough to topple the thing . Even if it gets great reception , I do n't imagine it lasting long enough to do much good unless I find someplace where I can bolt it down and put up a protective barrier . Not an option in my apartment . If you do buy this joke of a product , use extreme care in opening the box , setting it up , moving it around , and breathing on it . It goes right back to Amazon.com for a refund and I 'll keep shopping for something that will last longer than a commercial break . Can you tell I 'm disgusted ? And I 'm a pretty laid-back trusting guy usually .
 Frankly my old bowtie worked better than this thing ! I expected better reception than what I got . Pretty but near useless .
 Check coverage before you buy . I got only one channel and that too blurry .
 It is only good for some channels , but it has static for most of others.We should choose the antenna with electrical outlet .
 This product was a complete lemon.Not only did it not pick up one single HD channel in my area - not only did it not even pick up half the analog channels in my area - but the ones it did pick up -LRB- mostly PBS/religious stations -RRB- were snowy and unwatchable . It did n't even _ attempt _ an HD picture when I hand tuned to the appropriate channel after the auto searches on the TV failed.Yes , I tried moving the antenna everywhere the coax would reach . Yes , I tried adjusting and tweaking it - though it was fastened to the stem and there was not much wiggle room for that . Yes , I even tried hopping on one foot and singing Polly Wolly Doodle while patting my right shoulder with my left hand . Nothing worked.Maybe I did n't rub the box right before I opened it so the genie would come out . Maybe I did n't have the right color magic dust , but if this is truly a good product that works anywhere I am the exception to the rule because this antenna ABSOLUTELY DOES NOT RECEIVE A SINGLE HD CHANNEL IN MY AREA - and , yes , I followed all directions correctly . -LRB- Oh , and if your first thuoght was `` in West Virginia there are no HD channels in West Virginia - WRONG amd I am sure there are . -RRB-
 I bought this antenna for my Samsung digital tv thinking it will improve the reception but turned out that I got worse reception with this antenna than my current rooftop antenna . I live about 40 miles from most of the TV station .
 I bought this antennae , and to be honest , it was not worth it . Being directional , you have to pivot the antennae to get reception for certain stations -LRB- which I expected -RRB- , but once it was facing in the correct direction , I did n't get a signal any stronger than I did with my old bunny ears . After using it for a month or so , I was unscrewing the cable connect , and it broke off in my hands . It is weak in both body and reception .
 Product is very lightweight , and , as indicated in other reviews , will be prone to damage if not properly located.I live 20 miles west of Chicago and some channels came in , others sometimes , one -LRB- CBS -RRB- never . In my research , I found only one review to indicate that CBS would be an issue and it turned out to be accurate.I had combined the antenna with the Samsung HD tuner and it all worked out of the package without too much fuss . But having to go back to moving the antenna to different locations remineded me too much of my childhood so we went to DishNetwork w / an HD DVR . Wife did not enjoy looking at the antenna either.Honestly , you 'll read reviews that indicate that terrestrial HD is the best -LRB- better than cable or sat -RRB- but I couldnt tell the difference ... I say the terrestrial setup is best for those who have one tv , high rise apt dwellers or have an existing outdoor or in-attic antenna that is wired throughout the house .
 I live in san diego , Ca I live only 10 miles from most antennas . It picks up some stations put you still have to play with to much . I went and picked up the terk tv5 this indoor antenna blows the ZHDTV1 away I pick up all the local HD channels great .
 According to Antennaweb , I live about 20 miles from the transmitters , here ourside Boston . I got the Silver Sensor antenna to go with the DVICO Gold-T tuner card for my PC . Of the 7 or 8 stations I ought to be able to pick up , I could only get 4 . I live in a two-story house and could n't get consistent reception anywhere ; the signal strength would flake in and out . The I read about a cheap UHF antenna -LRB- model 15-2160 -RRB- at RadioShack and gave it a try . I can now get all 8 stations without fiddling with the direction and all that . It seems like you either love or hate this antenna . For the same $ 20 , buy an antenna that will not disappoint .
 I bought this because of the positive reviews . It did not pick up one HD Channel for me in the suburbs of Chicago . I even extended the cable to 25ft putting in other rooms , up on shelves , everywhere and got nothing . I have printed my return label and I am shipping it back . Also make sure you read that you need a different antenna for the VHF stations . Good luck .
 I think this item would work fine if I was a little closer to the brodcast area . I have picked up several HDTV programs and they have looked great , however they are few and far between for the lack of HDTV brodcasting in my area at this time !
 Assembly of the unit was easy . The antenna attaches to the top of the arm that stems from the base of the unit . The top of the arm is tapered so that the antenna is held in place force.Before I started using the product I wanted to change the angle of the antenna . This required me to remove the antenna from the top of the arm , and reinsert after rotating the antenna 90 degrees . Unfortunately , the antenna was stuck inside of the top of the arm , and the solder inside the antenna broke before the plastic handle released.So if you decide to adjust the angle of the antenna from the base , BE GENTLE ! I have yet to test the reception of the unit . If I can repair it , then I 'll update this post .
 I live in north Orange County and I found that even after searching for a `` sweet '' spot for HDTV ... this antenna picked up a grand total of ZERO channels on a Onkyo medium high-end receiver . If you live in Orange County do n't waste your money on this . BTW
 I live about 30 miles from Boston and 50 miles from providence , I bought this antenna to attempt to get a signal . I tested it and it does not compare to the cheap powered antenna I picked up . It was an RCA 50dbi antenna for less than 20 $ and it out performs virtually every other antenna I have seen . On top of that its FM / AM / Scanner / CB reception is unbeatable .
 I bought this product because I read rave reviews about it . However , it does not work in San Jose -LRB- and I live on a top floor -RRB- . After being able to pick up zero channels , I bought an RCA ANT401 -LRB- for the same price -RRB- and was able to get all the channels .
 Just to be fair , this device had good reception for HD Channels since I lived in the city . It was just poorly constructed that after 1 week of using it , while I needed to adjust the angle of the antenna , It just broke of from the cable it was attached . It was not soldered well I guess . It just went straight to the garbage & I just bought a Terk which was way more sturdier than this .
 I was hoping this product would allow me to receive local HD channels . Unfortunately , it was not up to the task . I am not sure if it is the product or my location -LRB- 40 miles from Baltimore -RRB- , but I could only receive a couple of local HD channels sporadically .
 It works , some . My big complaint is the cheap materials , careless construction and poor design . Be very gentle attaching the cable . When the post twists , one of the soldered leads snaps . Lucky that my lead was n't soldered right . Nothing to break !
 The jack snapped off the antenna during assembly , rendering the whole thing useless . Cheaper is not always better I guess . If anyone has a suggestion for a HDTV antenna that wo n't fall apart in your hands , I 'm all ears .
 I bought this product because I saw how welll it worked for a friend . At my house , however , regardless of how I positioned the antenna or where I moved the tv , I could not get good reception on more than one local channel .
 I found this antena because the review of this antenna is so good on Amazon 's website and it 's not expensive . But I compared this with my old crappy antenna -LRB- 10 years old , $ 5 -RRB- with one pole broken . My old crappy antenna -LRB- supposed to receive the regular air programs , not High Definition TV -RRB- performs better than this one ! So I suggest you use your current antenna first , if it works just fine , you do n't need to buy this one :-RRB- It 's not as good as you expected .
 I got it in the morning and have to return it in the evening . The reception is pretty good - better than the two amplified things I 've had and it seems to takes less space ... and a power outlet.BUT , it broke off ... when i tried to detatch and change the oriantation ... The conecting part protecting the wires was so weak and untight that I think the designer must be joking by doing this !!! If you want to know how a poor build quality can ruin a excellent idea ... buy it !
 I oreder Nov 27th it did not arrive until the 23rd . I ordered a Zenith I recieived a phillip . This was my 1st and last order from Amazon !!!
 Based on my previous experiences with `` rabbit ears '' , I was not able to get satisfactory reception on most local commercial stations . It is inexpensive , but also cheaply made . The wire connector to the antenna breaks easily , rendering it useless.We did end up using the metal part of the antenna as a Christmas decoration -LRB- looks like a Christmas tree -RRB- after it broke off .
 I picked up one of these after reading dozens of great reviews in various forums . To my dismay , I was only able to pick up 4 of the 6 HD stations that are located within 14 miles of my location , and 2 of those were rather weak signals -LRB- signal strength in the 50-60 range -RRB- . This was after extensive tweaking to get the strongest signal possible.Replaced it with a Radio Shack 15-1880 and things dramatically improved . Now I get all 6 stations , 5 of them with readings in the 90 range.I really liked the compact size and ease of use of the ZHDTV1 . I was hoping it would be the solution for me . I did test it out in a home closer to the HD tower , at about 5 miles . It worked very well in that location . I would give it a much higher rating as a short distance antenna . But as it was advertised at having a range well beyond my 14 miles , I have to rate it as a 2-star performer .
 This antenna picks up the reception decently , and it has a nice design . However , the antenna is flimsy , and it broke easily . I ended up purchasing the Terk Technology HDTVi VHF/UHF HDTV Indoor Antenna and the Terk Low-Profile Indoor Antenna -LRB- TV5 -RRB- . Those antennas have proven to be better antennas because they are sturdier , and they pick up reception quite well .
 I set up this antenna and the reception was n't much better than the bow-tie loop that came with the TV . I moved it to a new location and noticed that the nut holding the RF connector on was loose . I tightened it and the connector turned around in the plastic . Since the plastic was also loose , I looked under it and found the wires wer n't attached to the connector . I also noticed the connections between the elements and the strip inside is just a press fit - not likely to last long in florida where the salt air and humidity tends to corrode electrical connections . A while later I had soldered a new connector on and set the antenna back up and got slightly better reception than the bow-tie loop . Poorly built and just barely worth the effort . Do n't buy it if you do n't know how to repair things or solder wires .
 I purchased this product based on alot of positive reviews . Unfortunately , I got only 2 or 3 digital channels no matter how I move the antenna in different directions . Finally , when I try to remove the cable , the whole assembly fallen apart and in turn I can not even use the product same day when I got the product . So , finally I have return the product .
 Not strong enough . Found one at Walmart that picked up 16 , and this one did n't pick up any . Found out after the fact that it is only 6 dB . I have returned this .
 Read all the reviews and was excited when I found this product . It does n't work at all . We are not that far from town and ca n't pick up anything with it . The store down the road can pick up everything ! I 'm so disappointed .
 It 's a junk , could not get any signal off the air -LRB- not even standard signal -RRB- .
 I bought this by reading all the reviews and did n't work for me , I bought this antenna with the amplifier and did n't catch any signals . I do n't recomment this one .
 I bought 2 of the antenna 's with hope 's of possibily getting away from the expensive grip of my cable company.I live in a metropolitan area with strong TV signals and thought after reading some of the reviews this would be the ticket . I found this antenna works about as well as the rabbit ears you get when you buy a TV . They are not well made and one has already broke when bumped and fell about 2 feet . Save your money .
 I tried various antennas . I bought them at my local Radio Shack since after reading the reviews online I knew I would want to try various ones and return most of them -- I returned all of them utlimately . While HDTV antennas do provide beautiful reception , it tends to be perfect for a minute or two then suddenly freeze and die , then comes back on again . Watching your favorite football team like this can be EXTREMELY frustrating . I am waiting for the cable/satellite prices to drop or have a special . Note , we live within a decent distance of the broadcast towers .
 The Antenna did not work at all ! Save your money !!
 DO NOT BUY this unless you have HDTV or an HDTV receiver . After reading a few WRONG reviews on here that claimed it will work without the HDTV or HDTV receiver , I purchased it and it DOES NOT PICK UP ANY UHF CHANNELS AT ALL . It comes in a Zenith box , so I contacted their costumer support which referred me to GEMINI industries that makes this antenna . Gemini support told me that this will not work without the HDTV reciever or an HDTV set . THIS WILL NOT WORK ON A REGULAR TV . I have a Trisonic antenna from the 99 cents store that I keep on my balcony and I get all VHF channels . So i foolishly bought this after reading wrong reviews claiming it will work on any tv to get UHF . I now have to repackage it and drag it to the post office to return to amazon .
 First off it only gets UHF so you can not pick up FOX.Second issue is the signal reception is worse than the rabbit ears I own . $ 25 down the tubes on this .
 I would basically describe this as a contraption . It worked a bit , but not as well as a standard set of rabbit ears .
 This antenna did not work for me -LRB- in Fairfax county , Virginia -RRB- . It picked up 6 analog channels and ZERO digital channels - I tried positioning it in different angles . I went to the local Best Buy and got a Terk TV5 antenna . It picked up about 18 analog channels and 12 digital channels immediately - no pointing required . I am sorry I did not spend the extra money in the first place , but you do n't have to be .
 Despite many other positive reviews , it did not work for my location near the Redondo Beach pier .
 I bought the Zenith HDTV Digital Indoor Antenna expecting it to live up to the product description , but my unit did not work as advertised . I live roughly 50 miles outside of Washington DC , where most of the HD over-the-air channels are broadcast . I believe due to the distance , I was not able to pick up any channels . My friend has the same model , and he lives closer to DC , and can pick up on all the available channels . If you live close to a major city , then this antenna will work for you . If you do n't then it will not .
 I bought this antenna when I bought my Samsung SIR-T151 HDTV Receiver . So far I have n't been able to get good performance from it . In fact I 've been able to get better reception using an old FM dipole antenna like you use with a stereo receiver .
 This is no different from the cheap antenna I had been using . I live quite near the television station I was interested in receiving improved reception from . Nada , zip ...
 I tried this product and found it not to work . I could not get a clear signal in side my home .
 I live within 16-20 miles of the local towers and this did not work for me . Only able to get about 20 % signal strength on a few channels . Buy from someplace local were you do not have to pay return shipping , like at Amazon , to return it .
 I was hoping to use this antenna to receive some channels that I ca n't get by Cable but while I did pick up local channels , the quality was too poor to be interesting .
 This antenna is compact and works well . However , beware the fragile connection to the coax cable connector at the back of the unit.The instructions say that you can orient the antenna from vertical to horizontal orientation . However , they do n't tell you that each time you do that , you are stressing the very fragile and flimsy connection to the rear connector . I think the antenna should be redesigned so that you can safely orient the antennna from horizontal to vertical without breaking the wire connections .
 I live in Bethesda , MD about one mile from most of the broadcast towers . I tried this item and about four other antennas and found that I got better reception from the more traditional indoor loop antennas .
 This Zenith product does not work any better than my old indoor antenna . Acceptable for UHF channels but useless for VHF channels , 2 to 13 .
 If you are in the lucky spot in NYC then u might pick reception otherwise forget about it . My regular still at least picks better reception then HD antennae . Good Luck for those who is going to buy it .
 I heard lots of good things about this attenna so I bought one to work with my HDTV receiver . But it only picked up 4 HDTV channnels while my regular RCA can pick up total 11 HDTV CHANNELS in my location .
 Marginally better than a set-top RCA antenna , but not sufficiently strong to be of any use to anyone not located very near a broadcast area . Oh , well-at least it was a relatively inexpensive bad investment !
 I purchased this antenna to go with my Samsung HDTV DirecTV receiver . I already had a Phillips Magnovox self amplified antenna but according to certain websites I would need a directional UHF antenna for the best reception and to reject multipath signals . However , the answer was not with this antenna , it simply could not pick up what my existing antenna was already able to receive . My distance from signal is about 30 miles for local programming and with what I have read the effective range is up to 15-20 miles at best . -LRB- Looks like an outdoor antenna will have to go up this spring . -RRB-
 Do not waste your money on this antenna . I 'm 5 miles away from the broadcast antenna and it would not pickup a single station !
 The unit worked well on UHF for the price but broke soon after I purchased it . The coax connector broke away when I turned from horizonal to vertical allignment . Has to resolder the connection back on . If you purchase this item , then handle with care because it is very fragile .
 I live about 25 miles from NYC , and did n't pick up anything with this .
 Look for a directional antenna from a different manufacturer.With this antenna , I was able to get 2 extra HD channels compared to an omnidirectional antenna with no gain in Atlanta Metro.Unfortunately , for all of the channels , I had to move the antenna into different directions to actually be able to watch any of them . I did not have to do that with an omnidirectional antenna.After 6 month of use , it stopped functioning normally and I discovered that cables within the antenna were not isolated properly . This product has a very poor manufacturing quality .
 Decent reception most of the time , but it looks very flimsly out of the box , did n't have a very high WAF , and the solder joint connecting the Coax to the antenna broke within a month of getting the thing . Consider spending a bit more on a more substantial antenna .
 I was not at all happy with this item . Take note that I live in an apartment in North Dallas and do not have a window facing South -LRB- direction in which the tv station broadcast -RRB- . I am about 10-15 miles from broadcast centers . I still expected decent reception based on the reviews I read here . I used many different placements of the antenna and I received NO digital channels and only a couple choppy analog signals . After calling out a service technician , he removed the antenna and slipped in a plain old paper clip and got digital reception . Having seen him do that , I have to assume that this antenna is completely worthless when a $ 0.05 paper clip can get better reception . I also replaced it with an old set of rabbit ears I had and even they had better reception.Secondly , the antenna is not very sturdy . While pulling the antenna out of its base to change from horizontal to vertical positioning -LRB- which is listed in the instructions -RRB- , the wiring ripped off of the base -LRB- and I have no way of reconnecting it -RRB- . I am very disappointed in this product and am curious to see if all the positive reviews came from people living under broadcast towers !
 IT TOOK ABOUT 10 DAYS FOR ME TO GET THIS ANTENNA . IT DOES N'T WORK VERY WELL IN MY AREA . SO I DECIDED TO RETURN IT AND E-MAILED TO SUPPLIER REQUEST TO RETURN . I 'VE NOT GOT AN ANSWER . IT IS PASS 30 DAYS RETURN PERIOD NOW . SO I WILL HAVE TO KEEP IT . I DO N'T USE IT . I HAD TO BUY A DIFFERENT ANTENNA AT CITCUT CITY . OVERALL
 Zenith ZHDTV1 HDTV-UHF Digital Indoor Antenna is junk save your money use a wire hanger works just a good!!@!
 I bought the product , and the reception was not too bad . -LRB- Not very good either -RRB- but within 2 months the product was already broken . It 's all cheap plastic . I strongly advise not to buy this product . It 's a waste of money . -- update
 Ca n't really say if it worked very well or not ... it was delivered broken -LRB- the cable connection -RRB- straight out of the box.Amazon is great , however , about returns .
 This product is fragile and completely ineffective . I bought two and both fell apart within months after no more stress than simply moving them around . Not only were they fragile but they barely work at all . There was little difference in the quality of the signal received with the antenna than without it . Simple , cheaper , rabbit ears worked much better . This product is a COMPLETE WASTE OF MONEY ! I have rarely been this dissatisfied with a purchase . I wish I could give it ZERO stars .
 This antenna was a piece of junk . It was broken out of the box and never picks up a good signal . The wires inside were all frayed , and they eventually fell apart . Have had it for less than 2 months
 Not worth the money . I actually receive MORE HDTV channels with a cheap , plain-old UHF antenna . This is simply junk
 Unfortunately , this indoor antenna was not what we expected . It did not work properly and did little to help focus the picture . We could have achieved a better reception by utilizing a wire hanger and some aluminum foil . Needless to say , we ended up returning the item .
 I did much research and ordered this one based on the positive reviews . I guess that everyone 's experiences depend on too many variables . I live within the city and no more than 10 miles from the TV stations , all channels come in clearly except for two - which are quite poor . I ordered this antenna with the hope that it would improve the reception for those two channels , but it does n't even work as well as the rabbit ears that I bought at a garage sale -LRB- and are probably 20 years old -RRB- . Also , the antenna is bigger than it appears , is rather ugly , and is pretty flimsy .
 I read all the prior great reviews , and purchased this antenna . Maybe I 'm doing something wrong -LRB- I do n't know how I could be -RRB- but this antenna barely works ! I get a few stations-If I keep moving it with each station change.My other TV 's have indoor antenna 's & work fine-but not this one . Guess I need Cable TV , For my HDTV .
 I live in San Mateo , which is over 20 + from the main San Francisco towers . I know I wo n't get good reception , but I did n't think my $ 10 bunny ears -LRB- with a base and a circular loop piece in the middle -RRB- from Target was better than this one . The Zenith feels VERY cheap , but it 's obviously working for many people . I would 've rated it higher , but I ca n't because obviously , it ca n't be just my location if my bunny ears perform better . I 'm mainly using it for analog reception . I bet this thing is very good if I were closer to the transmission tower , compared to using another type of antenna . But for long distances , this thing seems to be worse .
 This antenna does not seem to work any better than a simple `` stick-type '' antenna I was using with an HDTV receiver . In fact , it seemed to have worse reception than the antenna that came with the Miglia TVMini HD.The broadcast towers are located 29 miles away and farther and the Zenith ZHDTV1 HDTV-UHF does not do any better at pulling in some of those stations than the Miglia TVMini HD antenna that came with it -LRB- which worked in pulling in all the stations most of the time with a few dropouts -RRB- . When the TVMini HD antenna had trouble pulling in a signal , the Zenith ZHDTV1 did not have any better luck . In fact , it seemed to be worse , since it requires a more directional aim . The TVMini HD 's `` stick-type '' antenna just needed to be raised higher and placed in a clearer line-of-sight location to receive a better signal.The coax cable enclosed with the Zenith ZHDTV1 antenna is short -LRB- about 6 feet -RRB- and this limits where you can place it for best directional aiming without connecting an extension cable.I am surprised how poorly this performed -LRB- or , maybe , the other antenna just performed very well in comparison -RRB- based on the many positive reviews the product received on this site .
 I expected a lot from this antenna after reading some of the glowing reviews . I should have been more wary . The antenna does have directivity as advertised but the resulting signal is only marginally better than shortened rabbit ears or a UHF loop . Shipping the thing back will cost me as much as half the purchase price so I eat it and remember where I got it .
 This product does n't work any better than any of the other products out there that claim to clean the sensor in your digital camera . All it does is blow the dust to some other spot on the sensor . Do n't waste your money . It 's probably best to have a professional clean your sensor .
 This bulb blower is extremely weak . I could blow air out of my mouth stronger than it . I ca n't use it for my computer or my camera . It 's just a funky desk ornament at this point . Do n't waste your money .
 Title says it all , on the first use trying to clean the sensor of my Canon 40D it broke something . The mirror mechanism no longer functions properly and the camera shows an error when trying to take pictures . Not sure the bust of air that this thing creates is gentle enough - maybe for front element lens cleaning , but not for sensor cleaning !
 This is a handy device , built to last . It does one thing only , blasts air when you squeeze it , and does this well . Helps blow dust off camera equipment so you do n't touch the galss to clean it . Simple product . Well constructed . Should last a lifetime . You use it to blow air on stuff you do n't want to touch . That 's all I have to say about that .
 I decided to get the larger version after reading reviews of the smaller one not really doing any good ; the large one seems to be just as useless . I 'll stick to compressed air . Maybe this has use for camera lenses or something else ; I just wanted something to clean the dust off of my computer quickly without having to buy a new can every couple of weeks . Maybe I did n't know what I was buying.P.S . - The title of this review is not , in any way shape or form , an invitation . XD
 Dont believe all this reviews , it really sucks , i bought the &#34; large &#34; one , but its actually PRETTY small , and besides it does NOT remove dust , even I can blow harder
 Do not use this item to clean your camera sensor . It will make a bad situation a lot worse . It just blows dust around and adds more dust . Mt daughter likes to play with it in the tub .
 When it comes to cleaning the sensor on my D80 , I 'm a bit in a fog . I 've tried several products , and none seem to work well . This does blast air across the sensor , but it does n't seem to remove much . Photos looked the same after as before when I tried this product . I took my camera to a local shop and they blasted my sensor clean with the air pump . Sure , I ca n't take their hose into the field , but neither can I take this . Perhaps the blaster is better as a preventative .
 Just pulled my rocket blower off the shelf after about a year to blow off some computer gear . Rubber turned my hand black . I put a cloth around it as I used it and it turned the cloth black . The rubber is falling apart . It is still working well but it will make a constant mess until it wears out . The QC sticker on it says 2008 . I bought it July of 08 . Ugh .
 Overhyped . This product is soft rubber and no better than any cheap -LRB- er -RRB- blower . Very disappointed . This thing is worth $ 2
 Does the tip of the blaster have to be thisclose to what needs to be moved , in order for this thing to work?Tried blasting my keyboard , and it did n't move a single pet hair from the keys . To get this one stray pet hair , I had to pull out the sticky tape ! What the deuce?I 'm returning this as `` Different from description '' if I ca n't get this thing o move some dust and pet hair , soon ! Any advice ?
 Seems to me that I could have used a new , unused nasal syringe to blow a little air on the mirror and accomplish the same thing , but then I 'm new at the photography thing ... someone please explain to me why this is so superior ???
 I burst out laughing when I opened the container for Giottos Rocket Air Blaster . It looked like the suction device used for infants whose noses are congested . Then I tried it and was annoyed . Its `` rocket '' blast was slightly less than the `` blast '' from a turkey baster . I leaned over my keys and blew . Same results as the `` Rocket . ''
 I bought one of this blasters like two years ago . The blaster it is not only left black residue in my hand , but it smeared the sensor with the same goop . So , after almost an hour doing a wet cleaning on the sensor the goop it is almost gone . Hope I have not scratched the sensor . It definitively do not work the risk . It will work for a year or two , but eventually will spray the sensor with decaying rubber .
 Do n't people read anymore ? I went to buy this thing today for cleaning the sensor of my DSLR camera and there in black and white , on the back of the package , was the warning that it is not recommended for cleaning CCD sensors ! What gives ?
 The item looks very big than I expected and does not fit in my camera bag . My friend bought a camera brush to clean the lens . After a trip to Florida , when we were cleaning the lenses -LRB- beach sand accumulated in the lens -RRB- , this blower was of no use . But was able to do a better job with the brush . I might not recommend it
 I 've used this for well over 20 days and am now returning it . The lag time from mouse click to view is slow and in some cases created almost sending wrong email to wrong addresses.I type over 200 wpm and found no problem with the type response , I expect something that at least can keep up with how fast I move a mouse - in selecting files , email , - this just does n't work fast enough ... To keep the shadows down the brightness and contrast adjustments are not satisfactory - regardless of what was tried ... . creates light and dark display areas in type - sometimes ca n't tell that a button is `` click-able '' because the contrast is n't great enough to distinquish the difference - always fuzzy type at top or bottom - which maybe would be eliminated if I did n't have to use the larger fonts - the smaller fonts are just not acceptable for reading ... I wanted to go to a thin monitor to put it back further on the desk - raise the font size and help keep down eye tiredness from being right on top of the bulky crt monitor ... have been to Kogi 's website and tried various suggestions -LRB- ie support -RRB- ... no help - just does n't keep up with my computer speed . VERY nice looking unit - hate it did n't work for me - - do n't know about the speakers - never did hook them up ...
 With the size of memory cards going up and up , you do n't want to be stuck with a reader that does n't support > 1GB size cards . And no , they do n't tell you that it does n't support > 1GB in their product literature or manual . Note that I checked with Belkin Tech Support -LRB- who I must admit replied relatively quickly -RRB- . See below : Hello , Thank you for contacting Belkin Technical Support . Unfortunately our media readers do not support media over 1Gig . If you have further questions or comments , please feel free to contact us at -LRB-800-RRB- 223-5546 ext. 2263 Between the hours of 6:00 am - 5:00 pm Pacific time.Brad MergenthalerBelkin Technical Support
 If you want to use any card over 1GB with a card reader , do n't get this one!In no literature does it say that it ca n't read anything over 1GB , but it ca n't . Buyer beware!I do highly recommend Verbatim 15 in 1 . It reads my 2GB MiniSD just fine .
 I bought this item and installed it in my Windows 2000 PC . Before the install completed I got a Blue Screen of Death . Regardless of attempts to resolve the problem , the BSDs continued.Upon contacting Belkin technical support I was first told , without any troubleshooting whatsoever , that the item was no good and needed replacement . Unfortunately , they were out and had no replacements . I should call them back in a month or two . When I protested , I was referred to `` level 2 '' technical support . Level 2 technical support at least asked me what the problem was but when I told them they said that it worked at their office so nothing must be wrong . Sorry.I wo n't be buying from Belkin again .
 I ordered this monitor because the other reviews said it was a good deal . Big mistake . The first monitor they sent me did n't work , so i had to send it back . Then then sent me another monitor , and this second one is barely usable , as the screen flickers almost all the time . Because I did n't want to go through the bother of sending this one back again and possibly getting an even worse monitor , I am learning to live with it.I wonder if all these other reviewers are actually real people who bought the monitor or whether they work for the company that sells it . Do not trust them . This product is terrible . Spend an extra 150 bucks and buy a real monitor from dell or another reputable company .
 I purchased my L7EH monitor from COMPUSA . When I first connected it there were 3 dead pixels -LRB- below the count for RMA -RRB- . It was n't as bright as the CRT I replaced but we got used to this relatively quickly . Last week the monitor starting to shut down about 30 seconds after the PC was booted . Every time I had to turn it off and back on again . This would still only work for about 30 seconds . I put the CRT back on and everything was fine . I tried the flat monitor on another PC and the same thing happed . I called KOGi support and the first thing they asked me was what AC adapter I was using . When I told them , they said it could be 1 of 2 possible lighting problems . 1 was still under warranty and the other was n't . They told me there was no way to tell what was the problem unless I sent them the monitor . If the failing part was n't covered under the warranty the cost to fix would be $ 370 . After I stopped laughing I politely asked them about returns on this monitor and what was the breakdown of warranty vs. non-warrany repairs . At this point the conversation headed south quickly . They told me they did n't have that kind of information available.I liked the LCD monitor for all the space it freed up on my desk -LRB- more room for other clutter -RRB- . This was my first LCD flat monitor and I will be buying another rather than roll the dice with KOGi and their repair policies .
 Well the wife tried for Fathers Day ... Today at 1am I had some free time and unpacked my new Fathers Day present , a L7EH . I was scared at a no-name monitor and only found reviews of it here . I read them all and took a risk and opened the box . I plugged it all in and fired up a Win2K Redhat 9 dual boot system . Funny ... no signal and the monitor does not appear to be waking up . I pushed on the power button and re-started it . OK why am I not getting out of boot ? Why is my PC doing a odd post beep ? . Bios Boot came up , Never finished the boot up sequence and no GRUB manager ... Odd ... I plugged my Gateway 19in Monitor back in and now I got to see the Bios boot again but in Yellow text !! andthe bios boot failed . I plugged in a spare ATI All in Wonder Video card and everything worked fine . The Kogi/GVision SMOKED MY Voodoo3 3dFX card ! Shame . . that was a fine little card that did VERY well for me over the years . The monitor was already packed up by 2am and now it 's time to return it to CompUSA and fight to get my money back for this piece of junk .
 Well the wife tried for Fathers Day ... Today at 1am I had some free time and unpacked my new Fathers Day present , a L7EH . I was scared at a no-name monitor and only found reviews of it here . I read them all and took a risk and opened the box . I plugged it all in and fired up a Win2K Redhat 9 dual boot system . Funny ... no signal and the monitor does not appear to be waking up . I pushed on the power button and re-started it . OK why am I not getting out of boot ? Why is my PC doing a odd post beep ? . Bios Boot came up , Never finished the boot up sequence and no GRUB manager ... Odd ... I plugged my Gateway 19in Monitor back in and now I got to see the Bios boot again but in Yellow text !! andthe bios boot failed . I plugged in a spare ATI All in Wonder Video card and everything worked fine . The Kogi/GVision SMOKED MY Voodoo3 3dFX card !! Shame . . that was a fine little card that did VERY well for me over the years . The monitor was already packed up by 2am and now it 's time to return it to CompUSA and fight to get my money back for this piece of junk . I never purchase from them due to their return policy but what does she know ...
 I Never recieved the monitor . I also never got an e-mail . Or anything . This person should be investigated . The wost experienceI have ever had with ordering products online
 I bought a Kogi 17 '' LCD monitor in January 2003 . It was great while it worked , but it died December 2005 .
 1 -RRB- First purchase of NEW L7eh had 2 dead pixels . returned it to Best Buy for another try . Noticed later that Best buy put it right back on shelf in the box . Feb 3 , 2003.2 -RRB- Exchanged monitor for another NEW one . This one had a problem where a strobing vertical dashed -LRB- sometimes solid -RRB- white line appeared in applications when using 1024 by 768 resolution - even in MS word . -LRB- you could see if black text was in column where line appears -RRB- . Tried for 12 hours various setting to resolve problem .3 -RRB- Both monitors 1 and 2 had problems displaying some of the windows 98 desktop background screens . Some of the screens would strobe like they were electrified . Being a novice thought that LCDS might have problems displaying some screens . I was wrong . It was the product.Spent a few more dollars and purchased ViewSonic . Very NiceBetter dotpitch , contrast , and it works at any resolution.Easier on my eyes that Kogi.Disappointed with BestBuy.The best part of Kogi monitor was menu system . Easy to navigate with numbers from 0 to 100 . The rest though , no good for me .
 I purchased the 13 '' AQUOS in February of 2005 & in May the volume went on one channel . All the other channel 's were fine . Since it was such a short time , my retailer replaced the whole unit . Now less than 7 months later it has happened again . One station is not audible unless I put the volume up as far as it will go , 60 . Again all the other channels sound fine at their normal setting of 16 . This is very frustrating .
 Bought the Axim in November , by January it died . This is the second purchase , hoped that the 2nd time would be a charm . While it WAS working , I enjoyed the user friendly components of the PDA . Just wish that it was reliable .
 Not as easy to use as I expected . Very difficult to connect to internet .
 My new x30 automatically deletes calender events older than 2 weeks . The manual is very skimpy . The online help is just ads.I 've had my Zire for years w/o problems . It just wont hold Microsoft Office products .
 I have owned several Axims previously and thought that I would again be pleased with this PDA . The Axim X30 contains all the features I was anticipating and it appears that Dell had improved the unit from it predecessors . The trouble came in trying to get the unit to sync with my PC which is running Windows Vista Home Premium . First , the installation disc does not contain the software that allows you to create the appropriate synchronization links -LRB- it is outdated for Vista -RRB- . You have to go and load Windows Mobile Device Center . After loading the new program I could get the units to acknowledge one another existed but I still could not get the 2 units to transfer data . I found that Dell no longer supports Axim units and Microsoft was no help either . I eventually returned the unit and purchased a Palm Tungsten E2 which , after loading the appropriate Palm software , functions smoothly .
 Okay so i bought this pocket PC from this seller i been ordering things off amazon all week so i found this pocket PC so today i went to check my mail and yes it was in the mail as i thought it may have been after Emailing this seller asking some question 's about it since this is my first pocket pc yes they were fast at responding however how in the hell are you going sit their and tell somebody that you sold a pocket pc to that they ca n't use it for the internet but yet it has MSN message on it along with internet explore and Network connections and a WIFI slot on the top of the pocket pc after messing with it a bit i sent the seller an Email asking about the WIFI they kept saying no but from what i been reading about the same one i bought that other people bought they were saying it had WIFI keep in mind i got the same one they did so then this Seller sends me an Email with two links of two different pocket pc 's which the one i got is the one i was talking about if you read more on what people wrote you will notice they HAVE said they have got WIFI on it then this seller sends me another Email so i go to open it and its a nasty Email all cause i gave them a rate of 1 their words to me where With your negative feedback , I am done communicating with you . It 's not appreciated . The pocket PC was covered in a hard leather cover and DID NOT BREAK . Even if it had , it was insured . I can not believe after how quickly I have responded to all of your questions that you would leave a 1 . as for them calling me a child i plane to file a report with amazon on this seller i will NEVER order from this moron again and if i could i would give you a 000000000000000000000000000000
 I thought this would be a great solution for us since my toddler son is the main `` user '' of the dvd player and switching dics is a pain and exposed them to scrathes and so on . Unfortunately , after having this player for two weeks , it 's obvious that it 's just not up to snuff . Just last night I had to stop watching Lord of the Rings because of dropped frames and pixelation that kept annoying me . I plop the disc in our portable player and no problem . The same scenes play without a hitch . I think Panasonic cut too many corners on this one .
 Perhaps it was just the particular unit I received , but this player had a problem recognizing DVDs and often would n't play them . Thankfully , Amazon has a great return process which made it easy for me to send it back for a full refund , and order the F85S model instead , which is so far working great !
 After spending a few hours getting to know this unit , I boxed it up and took it back to the store for a refund . They say that it takes DVD-R , but what you can do with that format is very limited . Do not buy this expecting that you can use it with the same freedom as a VCR . The unit does not take DVD-RW 's , so you ca n't erase and re-use in that format . It does n't allow you to create chapters or menus with the DVD-R format -- just a straight , plain old record . No markers -LRB- after you finalize the disc -RRB- , no chapters , no multiple programs , nothing ! On the other hand , it allows you to do all that with the DVD-RAM format , but it 's not a format that 's compatable with other DVD players , so you ca n't share things with your friends & family because it 's got this obscure format that nobody can use ! So , unless you 're in love with the DVD-RAM format , stay away from this one .
 I have owned this recorder for several months and found it to be the most frustrating piece of electronics I own -LRB- including my computers -RRB- . I finally took a hammer to the unit and it felt so good ! I have on several occasions tried to record long movies and have this unit `` crash '' near the very end -LRB- forcing me to re-record the movie and spending another 3 hours -RRB- . I have often spent much time getting this unit to record to a disc -- restarting the recording process after a crash -- perhaps as much as one out of four recrodings . Often I can not get the unit to open and give access to discs that have crashed . -LRB- The on/off button has no over-ride , like a computer , to reset memory . -RRB- I have been using Memorix blank DVD 's and would suspect that they are of fairly good quality -- yet I probably lose 10 to 20 out of a 100 . I must wonder if the hard drive is n't just too wimpy to be a good recorder . The manual says that it may be necessary to clean the lens for the laser . I ordered a panasonic lens cleaner for over $ 30 -LRB- they sell the same type of device at Wal-Mart for $ 9 -RRB- and cleaning the lens has no effect on performance . I will not be buying any more Panasonic products for some time to come . This is a rip-off . Mike in Buchanan , MI
 I had my unit for several months and I finally took a hammer to it . It is a shame that our government ca n't protect the consumer from being exploited by companies like Panasonic that make crap like this DVD recorder . It often would `` hang-up '' and impossible to get the discs in or out -- the little door simple would not open . I have spent up to 30 minutes tryng to get it to record on a disc and ended in failure . I have recorded on several occasions long movies only to have the unit crash near the end and have to re-record my program -LRB- another 3 hours -RRB- . It is the most frustrating piece of electronics I have ever owned . It is a rip-off !
 I purchased this machine mostly to timer record digital channels for later playback . The E50 Tuner only goes to 61 channels for Timer Recording whereas most digital cable channels or satellite are 200 , 300 or higher . You can not setup your Timer Recording to record different channels at different times if the channels are above channel 61 . Very strange for a supposedly digital device .
 I have the earlier DMR E50 and I have just taken the lid off to see if there is anything an engineer can fix in the troublesome peice of expensive kit . Its sort of reassuring to see so many others here who had had EXACTLY the same problems ... the machine crashes , locks up , ca n't recover even by pulling the power out , just because it dos n't like a disc , but then it wo n't let you get the disc out . It has consumed hours and hours of my time . It will only work with Panasonic discs . . nothing else ... . but now after 12 months it is just more and more choosy about exactly which disc ... indeed it is now no use at all . 400 down the drain , I used to like Panasonic . Do n't buy it .
 I bought this recorder to keep movies and shows I had recorded from my Ultimate TV -LRB- similar to TIVO -RRB- . At first it did okay , failing about 25 % of the time . It started having a higher and higher failure rate using the same types of discs . I have tried many brands of disc and had the same results . It is especially bad with long recordings over 3 hours . The failure rate now is probably 80-90 % . I will not be buying another Panasonic audio/video product .
 The machine was easy to set up but did not respond to included remote control , which differed from the manual illustration and instructions . Certain functions were not available on remote . Machine will not work with anything but Panasonic disks which happen to cost 2-6 times most other brands . Since I am planning to transfer literally hundreds of VHS tapes to CD-R , this just did not meet my needs . Finally , no matter which output on the machine I used , it never did show up on the TV except when the VHS was playing a tape through the DVD . So I am returning it and may try the Phillips which , even though it is more expensive , might be more what I want .
 I bought this unit based on other reviews I had read regarding compatibility . So far the only disc this thing will read is the one that was shipped with the unit . Even though TDK , Maxell and Sony discs were tried with the correct region and designations , the unit will not read them . Frustrating to say the least and no way to format or no help in the manual if this occurs . Maybe I am missing something here , but it appears they want you to only purchase their products .
 These speakers do create sound , but when compared to my mitsubishi speakers from 1984 , they sound very tinny and hollow . the sound is not rich and not very pleasant to listen to if you 're used to something better .
 So I was really excited that I thought I got such a good price on speakers for my computer . Little did I know that I was expected to buy more products to be able to actually use them ! No where in the product review or customer reviews did I find anything that said I would n't be able to use this right out of the box . It comes with a set of wires with no adapters to plug into anything to actually use them ! I do n't know if I can put one on the end or not , but I may be returning them.Don ' t buy these if you do n't want any hassle !
 I have tripple checked the model number and the picture provided , IS NOT THE PRODUCT !!! The product is not two moduels to fit two DIMM 's , This modle `` KVR533D2N24/512 , has only ONE STICK!Second the restocking and return policy from Tiger Direct will cost you an additional $ 21 after shipping and restocking and only get you store credit toward a more expensive version of this RAM to fit two DIMM ` sIF you are looking for RAM fro two DIMM 's to have DDR2 function as DDR2 , THIS IS NOT A BUY FOR YOU ! -LRB- note this RAM will fit one DIMM and function as 512MB but not with the DDR2 benefits -RRB-
 Very poor quality product - in the TV mode the unit was not worth watching . I returned it the day I received it . Do n't waste your time or money .
 It 's complicated to use this LCD monitor/tv . It 's TV tuner to receive channels is very bad and it 's instruction to correct the situation is non-existence .
 My wife bought me this as a birthday present . I opened it up and switched it on to find the screen was not working - it was half white-out . I returned the item and got a replacement which had a different problem . I contacted Kogi technical support , who we actually there to talk to but the problem persisted . I am now shipping back for a full refund . I advise people not to waste there time on this product .
 I bought this camera for my daughter . It worked okay -LRB- my only complaint is that there is no audio playback for the audio , and the audio sounded really bad when played back on a computer -RRB- . But then my daughter lost the battery door that covers the batteries and SD memory slots . It 's just a little plastic slide in door ... probably costs $ 0.01 to produce . But after spending many hours wasting time with HP 's horrible customer support I now know that they will not sell me the part at any price . So my $ 80 camera is nearly worthless -LRB- yeah , we can use scotch tape to hold the batteries in -RRB- . Anyway , the door is prone to fall off and get lost and HP is n't interested in solving the problem because there is n't enough $ $ $ in it for them . So do n't buy it .
 I bought this camera well over a year ago to carry in my purse for those `` Kodak moments '' . Not much point in having a camera when you ca n't see what you 're trying to photograph . I do n't think I 've ever seen a worse display . So it sits and gathers dust ...
 This camera is a piece of junk . I knew the moment I took it out of the packaging and held it in my hands . It feels like it could break any moment . It is not solidly constructed , the only weight comes from the two AA batteries you put in.Also be aware - It has no real zoom . The 5x optical zoom it has is the ONLY zoom in the camera.It was extremely difficult to get a photo that was not blurry out of this thing.It is cheap for a digital camera , but worth only $ 20 in terms of quality . I am taking it back to the store tomorrow .
 WHEN the Portege is working it is great . However , I have had mine for over 1.5 years and it has been returned 4 times for problems . 4 times may not seem like much but each repair period lasts a minimum of 2 weeks and I paid EXTRA for the super fast service . Talking to the repair people is a joke . They just say parts are on back order and no one cares that I have classes and finals and no laptop . My next e-mail is to the Better Business Bureau . Please take my advice and DO NOT BUY . Friends who have a Lenovo have not had a problem yet . I am so sad I went for glitz instead of reliability .
 Placed a $ 3,000 order for Toshiba M700 Tablet , and Toshiba would not process the order for `` my own protection . '' They might call you in a week to tell you that to protect you , they would not ship the laptop , and that you should call them back to verify . So , if you need to buy something hassle-free , find another vendor -- Toshiba is just going to work against you , and when you finally get to speak with them , it will be that they would be `` doing you a favor '' that they actually process your order , for which you paid . Again , for your own good ... expect a huge delay and get ready to spend a good time on the phone `` walking '' your order through.Also , I agree with the previous review -- get a UPS account to ship your laptop back and forth to fix it . Toshiba appears arrogant and not a happy organization .
 This toner cartridge appeared to have been used -LRB- not new -RRB- and refilled and it was not filled all the way . I could not return it because we were in the middle of the tax season and I needed my printer . If you check your records you will see how many of these cartridges I have bought . They are NOT cheep . This is not the only one to be like that . I have purchased 4 of these and 2 have been under filled . I do n't know about the last one yet . I am very unhappy with these items .
 We bought a Gateway and Windows got hosed for some reason . We called 1-800-GATEWAY for support . Guess what ? If you buy a Gateway anywhere but their website you must call a separate toll number . WTF !? Then we needed to restore it but the restore partition was bad . Had to get the recovery disk . They charged me $ 20 for a $ 1 CD-R . Then it would n't work , and they wanted to charge me to tell me how to use it . Again WTF ? These people are horrible . Save yourself a lot of trouble and get a Mac . Get HP . Get an abacus . Anything but a Gateway .
 This lens fits onto the camera fine , but the image quality is poor at best . Every picture I took with it was cloudy , the colors distorted , and vignetting at the corners even at full telephoto zoom . I was sorely disappointed and felt burned by this purchase . I returned it to the seller , and am hoping to see a refund appearing shortly .
 The ink tank for the 4800/7800/9800 is a simple plastic box filled with paper absorbent . Thirty five bucks is way too much to pay for such a simple device . You can `` refurbish '' the tank with a roll of toilet paper . Remove the lid from the tank , remove the cardboard tube in the center of the roll and cut the toilet tissue in half with a bread knife . The two halves will just about fill the box to recreate the absorbent . Here 's the kicker . The printer reads a chip on the tank and remembers the last two tanks , and maybe more . It will not let you reinsert and reuse a recently used tank even if it has been `` refurbished '' . If you have a buddy with the same printer you can switch refurbished tanks to fool the printer .
 This company sucks , there is no one to answer the phones anymore . I have a unit I installed 4 years ago and now I am having issues with the unit and can not reach a real person for warrenty . The phone goes on for about 30 min then tells you the mailbox is full and to try your call again . Just another company that outsourced and ruined their customer service . Do n't waste your time , pay a little more and buy an real unit from a real company and save the heartache .
 very excited to get an alarm at a good deal with free shipping but that all changed when i tried installing two beeps and then nothing i have spent over an hour of tring to get this to work and i tried new fuses but `` no go '' to sum it up the two orginal beeps is all i got from this product besides stress . NO GO !
 our family is very disappointed with this LCD tv . the contrast on all of our other sets is clearly better . this Sharp LCD 's picture is very washed-out . terrible .
 I work in the AV department of a large company . We no longer allow our employees to purchase InFocus projectors . We had a 17 % failure rate . We purchased approximately 850 LP70 + projectors in the last 14 months . I still receive at least 5 a week that need to be sent in for repair to InFocus . Most are dead on arrival . InFocus claims they got a bad shipment of power supplies which affects SN range ANEN511XXXXX to ANEN535XXXXX . We have found this range to be false . Once past 30 days InFocus will not refund and will issue a like new unit , unless you are willing to wait 4-6 for repair . Spend your money on a Panasonic projector , We have over 3000 in service . I 've had only 2 go down . They are brighter and more durable than comparable models from different manufacturers . DO N'T BUY InFocus .
 I have had this unit in for repairs 4 time now , in the past year . Save your money buy another unit not this one .
 The initial projector was D.O.A. and I was given a refurbished one in return . It worked OK but the color was off . After about 5 months later it developed a shadow on the right edge . I sent it in for repair and when it returned , it would not focus beyond 3 feet . I sent it in for repair again and it just returned . It now powers itself down as soon as it turns the lamp on.This projector is a DUD !
 I purchased this unit off of Amazon.com and discovered only later that it will not work with any DVD players . If connecting your television to a DVD player is important to you , do * not * buy this unit .
 I ordered two of the Panasonic PV-C1353W 13 '' TV/VCR units , one as a replacement for the other.The first had an approximately 1 `` x5 '' blotch near the left center of the screen wherethe picture seemed to be faded out -LRB- lighter than the surrounding pixels -RRB- . This was very apparent in the blue setup screens and when viewing fleshtones.Amazon rushed another to me within two days , but the second has the exact same defect and I am returning it today.I do n't know if this is a basic defect in the model or if Amazon got hold of two or more bad ones.At any rate I am going to look for a different brand with the same features .
 Do NOT waste your money . Tried the 4 stations -LRB- 88.1 , 88.3 , 88.5 & 88.7 -RRB- and all I received was hummmmmmmm , along with the muffled music from the IPOD itself . AHHHHHHHHH
 This transmitter has lots of static , terrible sound and screws up my ipod every time I use it . Each time I use it , especially if I try to skip through songs , I have to reset my ipod . It also seems to mess up the rest of the song that I tried to skip -LRB- or maybe that 's from all the resetting -RRB- and today I have to restore my ipod after using the transmitter . I will try to get my money back but will throw it in the garbage if I ca n't . Totally not worth it .
 I received this television as a gift and after only viewing 3 dvds , the player skipped and stalled out , quitting to operate . Very dissatisfied that it happened and that Panasonic only backs up it 's products for 3 mos -LRB- parts for 1 year , labor not -RRB- . It seems that they are producing disposable televisions . Poor experience and not the first with Panasonic . I would not recommend doing business with Panasonic . As long as people continue to put up with poor quality , it will be in the market .
 I had the same problem with a brand new VCR that I purchased . The person who commented above is absolutely right . For some reason Panasonic , sony 's vcr 's refuse to accept older tapes . They either spit them out or they play at the wrong speed . Like the customer above I refuse to play ONLY NEW TAPES in my VCR and strongly encourage anyone who has had the same problem to return the product RIGHT AWAY , and always test a new vcr with an older tape . It 's the only thing that will stop this nonsense .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 Good quality for a while , but died after 5 months with HO2 errors . Stay away from this one .
 I am shocked by the number of reviews with my same story . I had the unit just long enough to be out of warranty when it shut down . Mine will not even read DVDs , much less other media.As good as Panansonic appears for the money , I will find it hard to buy another .
 Bought it in June 2003 , started to give me errors -LRB- H05 -RRB- in March 2004 . It locked up half way through a couple of DVDs . New clean DVDs . It keep trying to read the disks and failing . A google search revealed that a lot of people said their panasonic dvd players did n't last a year . The warrenty is only 90 days for labor , 1 year for parts , so the options were to ship it away for a month or so then pay more than the cost of a new player for labor to get it fixed or buy a new non-panasonic unit . I bought a JVC for 80 bucks instead of getting it fixed .
 While I enjoyed decent picture quality and sound with this DVD player , it suddenly decided to die after 5 months . I already had had bad luck with it making lots of weird disturbing whirring sounds when playing certain DVDs -LRB- all bought from good retailers -RRB- and sometimes malfunctioning , pixelating with lots of artifacts . It would sometimes stall and I would have to reset the player by turning it off and unplugging it . Finally , after 5 months of infrequent use and perfect care , it refused to play any sort of disc whatsoever and gave me HO2 errors . It would also turn off by itself.Suffice it to say that I am ** very unhappy ** with this unit and wo n't be buying another Panasonic DVD Player again .
 This unit worked fine for the first nine months we had it . Then , we kept getting an HO1 error . The DVD would act like it was starting then the entire player would shut off . We read the manual , which was no help . Called Panasonic for tech support . They said the laser is probably misaligned from a drop or putting something hot on the unit -LRB- neither happened -RRB- . They said we could send the unit -LRB- at our cost -RRB- to them and they would charge us for parts and for labor OR we could purchase a new player for $ 100 . Since we 'd only had the player for nine months and had treated it wonderfully , neither choice seemed acceptable . We are not satisfied with the way Panasonic handled this case . Basically , we had DVD watching for less than a year and we 'll have to purchase a new player . It certainly wo n't be from Panasonic .
 Do not buy a Panasonic DVD Player . Lasted 14 months , and then I got the dreaded H02 error .
 Like most other people , my panasonic DVD player died on HO2 error too . I have used it only two years and I could never expect such short life span . After I searched about HO2 error on the google , I found that it is the most common error occuring in panasonic dvd players within two years . Further more , fixing cost is more than new one . -LRB- $ 89.99 for labor cost + shiping and handling -RRB- When you buy DVD players , do never buy DVD players with Panasonic logo .
 SEE UPDATE BELOW . I 've used my trusty ol' Panasonic A-110 DVD Player -LRB- circa 1998 -RRB- for years and have been happy enough . I had paid $ ... for that model . Now comes the Panasonic DVD-S35 . What a player ! I guess a lot of improvements have happened over the years . From my perspective , this is a bargain . It plays everything but DVD-Audio , including JPEGs and MP3/WMA files , flawlessly . I do n't have a DTV , so can not comment on the progressive scan capabilities . But I have the S35 connected via component video cables to a Sony Wega TV and it looks great . All operations are smooth , quiet and intuitive . A must-buy bargain.UPDATE
 I have a 32 '' letterbox Toshiba TV -LRB- NOT high definition -RRB- . I put in a DVD and then used the zoom to fill the tv screen . The picture quality degraded very badly . Be clear , it was not a minor amount . The faces became blurred and the colors turned to mush . I tried everything in the manual to correct the problem . I tried the same test on my old Philips DVD player and the picture only degraded a minor amount . I am not recommending Philips because it has a hard time with episode DVD 's , remote is bad news , and loading is forever.I am not a picky detailed person . If something works okay that is good enough . I do not expect perfection.The remote on the Panasonic was okay and the DVD tray opened quickly . See , I found something good to say about the Panasonic .
 Do n't bother with this unit . It may have nice features and a great picture , but that wo n't last long . Had mine for just over a year and it failed like many others with and HO2 or H07 error message . Not heavily used , maybe one or two movies a week . What a disappointment ! I guess their short warranty period would underscore my UNRELIABLE JUNK comment . Do n't buy this unless you have money to throw away .
 Got it less than a year back.Did not use much , but it failed while watching amovie.The error was HO2.Do not buy this model .
 Thanks for all of the reviews on this discontinued product . It made giving up on trying to figure out the problem go much faster . We 've had ours since July and watch 5 movies a week . Now I realize that some of the problems we 've had with DVDs over the last few months were the player - not the DVDs .
 This unit ran well from Oct 2003 - April 2004 Died during Dora the Explorer ... Unhappy little boy ... Bought a Toshiba ... Is this typical of Panasonic Electronics ? Heck the batteries in the remote lasted longer than the player .
 The DVD player played MP3 's , VCD , CDR , CDRW , DVD , DVD-R , DVD-RW when I bought it on 08-17-03 . Now . .12 / 14/03 ... DVD only . I have re-initiliazed the DVD player several times , tried every other trouble shooting tip only to walk away feeling a bit agitated with my purchase.Let me preface this with I realize there are lemons out here . Apparently I bought one . The sad part is no one is willing to do anything about it and it has only been 4 months since I purchased it.The machine after a short 4 months stopped playing any other type of media except DVD . The really ironic part is I was replacing a Panasonic 5 disc DVD player that lasted 2 years . -LRB- I 'm starting to see a trend here -RRB- The Store I purchased it from in WI does not offer returns after 15 days and has a 90 day exchange policy . Panasonic is more than happy to have me send it there way , though labor is an extra charge on top of shipping . BOTTOM LINE ... . BUY SONY !!!!
 I bought 2 Panasonic s35s and one Panasonic s55s , panasonic s55s never worked , it has no power so i have to shipped it back to the merchant and the s35s works fine for a while!I was able to use it for one week and after that just like the other unit it was totally dead-no power ! How frustrating , i used tho think that panasonic is durable because we have this panasonic TV that we have since i was a child and it 's still okay but after my experience with their DVD i am having second thoughts . I think it was a Nightmare !
 The sharpness , color , and audio sound of this DVD player are superb . Even music audio CD 's sound excellent . However , there are operating limitations which made it very difficult for me to use this model S35 . Although others may not find these limitations quite as bothersome , I returned my machine because of them . First , the remote is too small , the buttons are tiny and close together . I have a normal sized adult hand and could not manipulate the buttons with one hand lest I press the wrong button . The print that identifies the buttons is tiny and dim , not readable in a darkened room . I also had trouble controlling the skip button , moving ahead more than one track if I was n't real careful . Second , the details of the on-screen display are too small to see except when you get closer to the t.v. screen . And the readout on the unit could also be bigger . The S35 model is touted for its thin styling , and advantage . But perhaps its thinness sacrificed a larger display on the unit . Third , I never had a DVD before , so I needed to learn its various functions . The manual was useless to me . Yes , it showed all functions , but it did not really explain some of them in enough detail for me to understand . For example , the manual showed what buttons to press for `` group `` but did not explain what a `` group '' is.I would rate this S35 ten stars for picture and sound quality but about 2 for convenience of use . I have not tried any other machines and therefore do n't know how they compare with this one .
 On October 12 ... we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR ... to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis ... I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund ... I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 I bought this dvd player April of 2004 , and if failed yesterday morning , January of 2005 . It kept turning off and sometimes displayed an HO2 error . Do NOT waste your money on this junk . Panasonic was NOT helpful and recommended a repair shop . I recommend a different brand that comes with reliable reviews . I 'm extremely disappointed . It took my daughters and I a year to save for this dvd player and less than a year later , we have nothing again .
 I purchased this DVD player in June of 2004 . On January 1 , 2005 it died . I put in a DVD , it tries to read it , and simply ... turns off . No HO7 error or `` no disk '' ... just turns off . I 'll never buy a Panasonic DVD player again . However , I purchased their matching amplifier , and it works great , thought there is a fan in the back to cool it off , so not sure how long THAT will last before it breaks . I 'm off Panasonic , moving on to Sony ...
 This worked great for one year ! . Now it shows `` no Disc '' orH02 -LRB- what is that mean ?!! -RRB- . I have to double think beforebuying a panasonic again .
 I am so disappointed in my S35 player . I bought it in April of 2003 and had no problems whatsoever , then in July of 2004 the `` laser '' went out and showed `` No Disc '' on the display screen everytime a disc was inserted . According to an authorized Panasonic dealer that I contacted this `` laser '' would cost me a few Hundered dollars to replace , even though the player itself cost only $ 90 . It 's awful that big name companies are allowed to do this to thier consumers who go to them expecting quality products , not a wild goose chase , or a loss of hundreds of dollars for a simple piece of equipment.I would have been better off buying the no name player my friend got for $ 20 at the swap meet ... at least his still plays : -LRB-
 Like other reviewers after about 1 yr it just stopped reading DVD 's and CD 's . Broke down just as the warranty was expiring . I bought another Panasonic in 1999 that is still going . I alyways thought this one seemed cheaper . I guess I was right . Because of the price its not worth repairing . Time to change brands .
 I bought the DVD player in late September last year . I watch about 2 to 3 DVDs per week and had no problems with the player until last night when it suddenly would n't play any DVDs . I put in several and everytime I did it would just shut off . It would stay on as long as I did n't place a DVD in it . I called Panasonic and from the tone of customer service rep I could tell she had received similar complaints . She also told me that she had also received complaints in which consumers received an error message similar to the one described by previous reviewers . She said it sounded like something had shorted out and recommended a repair service . Frankly , I 'm not surprised that this product has been discontinued .
 Small comfort that I 'm not the only one having trouble with this player . It has been steadily degrading since six months after I bought it to the point where I no longer can play DVDs without the player ruining the experience . Called Panasonic and got no help except being offered to buy a refurbished replacement for $ 90 + shipping . No thanks ! I will never buy a Panasonic DVD player again.Stay away !
 Just like the other reviews you are reading . Works great for a about 6-8 months then any dvd you put in ... DEAD .
 I have owned over $ 100,000 of Panasonic manufactured devices , professional video and audio equipment , phones , bread machines , VCRs , and DVD players . All of the equipment that I have owned from Panasonic has been great with the exception of their DVD players.The first Panasonic DVD player I owned was the DVD-RP62 - Easy to setup , Awesome picture and sound , but the player skipped scenes , played intermittently , and finally , died after 10 months of light use . Yesterday I purchased the DVD-S35 - brought it home , set it up , and put in a DVD . The sound of the DVD was immediately apparent , it sounded like one of those wind up rubber band airplanes . An error popped up on the display indicating that I had put put in the wrong disk . I ejected the disk and checked it and replaced it . This time , it skipped the first two scenes of the movie , and started at the third scene where it immediately froze , stuttered , and jumped to the next scene.Panasonic has been a great company for every product I have ever owned . But I will never buy a Panasonic DVD player again .
 I bought this DVD player in July 2003 and enjoyed it until Apr 2005 , when it stopped working with a `` HO2 - NO DISC '' error.It turns out that premature death is a common problem with this player . A search on `` Panasonic DVD-S35 '' and `` NO DISC '' will bring up these reviews.Reviewers share a common complaint -- the player is great for the first year , and then dies -LRB- I got 18 months out of mine -RRB- . I strongly advise that you do not buy one of these used , as it is unlikely to last even a full year . -- Pat
 We had no problems with playback of DVDs , VCDs , and CDs with JPEGs , and used the DVD player about 2-3 times/month . At 13 months , it failed completely , powering off as soon as any disc is inserted . The power will stay on as long as I do n't insert a disc , but as soon as I open the door , load one in the tray , press the open/close button , and watch the tray slide closed , it shuts off within three seconds.Quick searches on the web -LRB- and of other reviews at Amazon -RRB- show this to be a very common problem . Apparently there is even a more common HOX -LRB- X = 2-7 -RRB- error that affects many others ' players , although we did not experience that with our particular unit.My own limited research shows many Panasonic models are affected by these problems , so to be safe , I plan on seeking another brand as a replacement . I will only buy another after doing extensive research on the web to identify a more reliable brand .
 I was really happy with this player , until it started giving me H02 errors for every DVD fed to it . Cost of repair is as much as a new comparable unit.Just not acceptable ... sorry , Panasonic , you 've lost a customer permanently .
 My unit was manufactured in April 2003 -LRB- mine just died last night -RRB- . Mine had average to below average usage . I am very dissapointed in this unit -LRB- and Panasonic 's support -RRB- . Who in their right mind is going to pay $ 100 to repair a 2 year old unit that only cost $ 89 ? In my opinion , Panasonic chose a substandard part in this unit and will not make good on replacing it . A big thumbs down for me ...
 i bought this unit in april and have really enjoyed it ... until now . here it is , only august and already it is broken . it now emits a loud growling sound during the menu and first five minutes of every dvd . obviously it is having some difficulty spinning at that speed . the warranty for parts is one year , but after 90 days , the warranty for labor is already up . i had my previous player , a pioneer for 4 years with no problems . you get what you pay for i guess .
 It was a great dvd player at a great price ... while it lasted.After 9 months it stopped accepting all of my dvd 's -LRB- store bought movies and burned dvd-r 's -RRB-
 I purchased it back in Sept 2003 and just used it from time to time . 2 days ago it stopped working ; every time I put a DVD in it says NO DISK . It costs $ 90 to get it repaired . Their customer support is useless also ; you have to stay on hold 30 min before they 'll tell you that the best thing you can do is buy another DVD player . This time make sure is not a Panasonic !
 I unfortunately have to concur with the previous Panasonic S35 DVD owner . After about a year of moderate use , tonight it just stopped playing DVDs , and would shut off everytime I tried to load a DVD in it . The player had some great features , but apparently Panasonic uses inferior parts in its home electronics . I 've read similar reports regarding other Panasonic DVD player models .
 I purchased it back in Oct 2003 with minimal usage . I unplugged the unit today and went to plug it back in and it will not turn on . Based on other reviews I am not the only person to have this problem . This DVD player is a true POS . They gave me the option to get it repaired since it is beyond 90 days.This is not worth a repair ... Save your money ... Panasonic sucks ... . They charge a $ 90 flat fee but they cover the parts ... Why would anyone pay $ 90 to repair a $ 90 DVD player ... Throw it in the garbage and cut your losses . Their customer support is useless also
 the .5 x Wide Angle and the 2x Telephoto HD2 Lens , only makes the camera look different . the lens packaging shows there will be a noticeable difference with the recorded videos . nothing changed just the depth of field for a close up shot shows the edge of the lens . i did several test shots with and without the lens and the recorded videos are the same .
 I bought the Opteka 0.5 X wide angle adapter for my Panasonic SDC-SD5 HD Camcorder last year but never used . Reason
 I have a degree in Computer Science from U.C. Berkeley , so I 'm not usually intimidated by technology . But this remote is just impossible . Lots of tiny , identical buttons with microscopic labels . You can only use the remote using reading glasses in a strong light . Many of the controls are non-intuitive even when you find the right buttons . The manual is strikingly unhelpful ; one of the worst I 've seen.I actually bought a universal remote but this deck would n't respond to it at all . -LRB- Rant
 THIS UNIT WORKED GREAT FOR A LITTLE OVER A YEAR , THEN THE DVD LASER JUST WENT . THE THING PROBABLY DID N'T HAVE 50 HRS OF PLAY TIME ON IT AND HAS BEEN WELL TAKEN CARE OF . PANASONIC BASICALLY SAYS `` TOUGH S. . . '' , THE WARRANTY HAS EXPIRED . THIS IS B.S. . AS THE UNIT IS ONLY A LITTLE OVER A YEAR OLD . I WILL NEVER BY ANOTHER PRODUCT FROM PANASONIC . I NOW HAVE A $ 170.00 PEICE OF JUNK .
 I bought this DVD combo because wanted to have 1 device that will play my old VHS tapes and did n't wanted a new device just for DVD 's . It turn out that I might need to buy separate devices since this is my second combo unit -LRB- different brand -RRB- and in both cases the DVD player was faulty.Had to give them 2 stars since the VHS player does work.Great unit if you can get the DVD player to work .
 This was an OK model until the VCR part stopped working a little after a year . I made the mistake of taking it to a Panasonic authorized repair shop where they charged me almost as much as I paid in the first place to fix it . It also took them about 2 months to fix . The sad thing is that within 6 months later it had the same problem.Since all of the combo players available anymore appear to be pieces of crap made over in Asia I bought a Sony from a retailer that offers an extended warrantee . I figure the extra cost is less then the cost of a repair or a new one , and I will be very surprised if it still works in three years .
 I had the first one for about 2 weeks and the VHS part broke . I received a replacement and the same thing happened . In about 2 weeks the VHS part broke again with the same problem . The tape does n't go in all the way and it eats the tape . I called Panasonic regarding fixing it . They were terrible . I closest repair center was over an hour away and if I were to ship it , I would have to pay for shipping both ways . They were not apologetic about it either . It should not break in 2 weeks ! Nonetheless 2 of them !
 I have had this DVD player for almost 18 months . After 1 month I got an H02 error , Called Panasonic for help and got the worst customer service I have ever experienced , all they would provide is the address to authorized service centers . Sent it in and got it repaired under warranty -LRB- about 3 weeks to get it back -RRB- . Now after a year the H02 error strikes again , no longer under warranty I am going to junk it . Look at other reviews -LRB- epinions , etc. . -RRB- This H02 error is all over , I will never buy another Panasonic product . If not for the errors the product worked fine and would appear to be a good value .
 On October 12 , 2002 , we bought a Panasonic PV-V4612S VCR from Circuit City to replace an old VCR . We took the VCR home , hooked it up , and tested it to make sure it worked . We have two VCRs and do n't use either one very often , so it was n't until December that we realized that the new Panasonic VCR would not play or record on older video tapes but instead would spit these tapes out immediately . Our other VCR -LRB- and the VCR that the Panasonic was purchased to replace -RRB- never had this problem.I called Panasonic 's 800 number and discussed the problem with a Panasonic representative because I thought maybe the VCR was supposed to reject older tapes for some reason unknown to me . The Panasonic representative assured me that the VCR was not supposed to reject older tapes and told me to take it to an authorized Panasonic service center , which in this case was Consumer Electronic Service . I dropped off the VCR at Consumer Electronic Service . However , Consumer Electronic Service -LRB- CES -RRB- told me there was nothing wrong with the VCR . I brought in one of our older tapes and showed them that the VCR rejected the tape . The CES representative told me that it worked fine with his sample tapes -LRB- which appeared to be brand new -RRB- and that there was n't a problem if there was only one tape that the VCR would n't work with . I told him it was many tapes , that our other VCRs had no problem with these tapes , and offered to bring in more tapes to show him the problem . He refused , insisting that if he could get the VCR to work with his sample tapes that there was no problem with the VCR . I appealed to Panasonic , but this time a different Panasonic representative told me that Panasonic would have to accept the service center 's diagnosis . They said that I could not get a refund or exchange the VCR for a new one . The only option Panasonic now offered was for me to return the VCR to Panasonic in exchange for a `` reconditionedE -LRB- i.e. , used -RRB- machine . Of course , by the time I got the used VCR back , the product would be out of warranty.I am amazed that Panasonic and their certified service provider both refuse to admit that the inability of a VCR to play some videotapes is a defect . I am also very disappointed that the only option offered by Panasonic was to exchange this VCR for another , used VCR which might have had the same problem , at which point the product would have been out of warranty . I am sure that most consumers expect to be able to play their entire video tape collection on a VCR that they purchase . Because this VCR could not play the majority of our videotapes , I believe that this problem certainly does constitute a breach of warranty and consumers who purchase such a machine should have the option of returning the VCR to the manufacturer for a refund . It certainly seems that here , Panasonic used its certified service provider to create the illusion of independent evaluation while actually the certified service provider must be collaborating with Panasonic to declare defective merchandise `` non-defective , Ethereby sticking the consumer with merchandise that does not work for its intended purpose . I will not be doing business with either Panasonic or Consumer Electronic Service of Cary in the future .
 Our Classco jumbo caller ID began giving problems . Since we could not locate another one , I bought this one as a substitute . In my opinion , it is worthless . The unit itself is large and bulky . The screen is difficult to read at close range and almost impossible to read from a distance . Save your money .
 So far , after two days of receiving it , it is junk ! The display is terrible . It does n't register any calls ...
 I received this camcorder as a gift , and although the footage I 've shot has been good quality , I can not download it on to my PC . I have a brand new PC and it appears the driver that came with the camcorder is not compatible with XP Media Center . I 've attempted to contact Samsung to confirm these allegations but they will not return my calls or emails . So I 've got hours of raw Mini DV footage that I ca n't edit on my computer . What 's the point ??? Needless to say , I 'll be buying a new Mini DV camcorder soon , and it will not be Samsung . So far Panasonic has my vote .
 I have two words of horror for you , Electronics Expo . I purchased this set through Amazon , who then relied on Electronics Expo to send the TV . First off , they sent it via UPS rather than a qualified TV delivery service like Amazon uses . When I hooked up the TV , the picture worked for 30 seconds then went to a green screen and blinked once in a while . I called Samsung and they said that they would send someone out in about a week , but if the problem occurred during shipping , the waranty would n't cover the repair . I decided to email Electronics Expo to request a new set and ask for a shipping label . They emailed me and told me that they would n't accept a return of a TV over 20 inches ! I read the return policy and noticed that it only applied to returned items for unwanted items , not defective items . Electronics Expo then ceased to return my emails . I called and spoke to a manager who tried telling me that if the item was damaged while shipping , I would have to wait for them to be reimbursed by UPS before my new TV was shipped ! The TV looked great for the 30 seconds that I actually saw a signal , but if this is being shipped by Electronics Expo , play it safe and spend the extra money to buy it elsewhere .
 When we first plugged in the TV , we were impressed with the picture , but soon , the screen started to scramble and stayed that way for 5 to 10 minutes . It went back to normal for a bit , but continued to scramble . We called Amazon , were of course routed to a foreign country , and after 30 minutes , was finally told that we had to contact Samsung directly . The TV was barely under warrenty since it was a refirb . and the TV has been at a local repair shop for three weeks now , with no return date in sight . It 's been month today since ordering and we 're still watching our old 25 inch SDTV . Not happy at this point with our purchase ...
 I have own this TV for over three month . The picture quality is excellent . However , I am afraid I can not say the same thing for everything else .1 -RRB- The regular Video input is very senstitive to interference . If you run the video cables next to the power cord -LRB- bundle together -RRB- , you will see purple stipes on the TV . After I switched to HDMI cable , no more problem .2 -RRB- For some reason , it does not allow the user to label the digital channels -LRB- analog channels are OK -RRB- . It becomes very frustrating that you have to remember all the channel numbers .3 -RRB- The remote controller is the worst . The commonly used buttons such as FAV . CH are small and hard to locate . It is extremely slow and take several seconds to respond to a button push .4 -RRB- There is one design flaw with this TV . When a cable card is installed , the fan behind the cable card slot is constantly ON even the TV is OFF . I contacted Samsung . They initially thought it was a faulty controller board . After replacing the controller board , the problem is still the same . I am still waiting for the answer from tech service.In general , I am disappointed with this product even I am happy with the picture quality . It is just not that user-friendly . I also own a Sony KDL-46XBR2 -LRB- 46 '' , 1080P -RRB- . Similar picture quality but much user friendly . I would rather paying a little more for the convenience .
 I placed an order that was accepted by Butterfly Photo . A week leater I got an e-mail saying they wanted to substitute a `` better '' model , LNT4065F . I checked the Internet and found I could buy the `` better '' model 4065F at a price more than $ 200 less than my original price for the LNS4096D.Ed Cerne
 I bought this new TV to go with my new house/tv unit/sofa , etc. . This was the last item to arrive on my shopping list for the new house . Was excited to receive it . However , after the cable guy came to install cable , TV starteded to act up . First 15min of viewing was fine with very crisp pictures . After 15min , HD channels started to freeze up . So I switched to SD channels , all were fine initially . However , after another 15min or so , similar thing started happening . We first saw lines/waves showing on screen , then picture started to freeze.At first we thought it was the cable box that was bad . We then tried 2nd cable box ; same problem persists . We tried using different component cables , different inputs , hooking up coaxial directly to tv rather than the cable box . Same thing . At last we tried the dvd player , lines/waves also start appearing . At this point , we came to the conclusion that the TV could be defective . -LSB- ... -RSB- Anyway , to make the story short , I am finally able to return the TV to amazon for a refund . Aside from the email that I received from their specialty dept , I am pleased with amazon 's customer service.And with Samsung , I am sort of afraid to give it another try ...
 I bought a laptop from Acer , repeatedly had problems with the DVD drive . They told me to mail it back to them for repair . Then , they mailed it back to me untouched . Then , when I called them on it , they told me to mail it back again and be without it for yet another week . This is ridiculous . I 'm filing charges in small claims court for the cost of the laptop .
 HP products are horrible . After about 2 months since purchasing the laptop , something broke and I could n't use it without the battery in it . So the battery was depleted quickly . Then the power connector on the back went loose , so I had to put up with constant interruptions because I had to always jiggle the power connector in the back for the power to get back on . After a while nothing was working . So I sent it for repair just before the warranty expired . They sent it back and they did n't do anything to fix it . I called customer service again and they told me to send it back . I also purchase a new extended warranty to keep them working on it . I wasted about a month on their incompetence and deception before they called me and said I have to pay for the motherboard because the motherboard is not under warranty . That was the first time I ever heard this . So now I am trying to get the money back for the extended warranty I paid for nothing . Customer service was n't rude . But the company engages in deceptive practices and makes bad products . Too bad I could n't give a 0 star .
 Earlier today I was photographing in Arches National Park in the Balanced Rock area . I use a Kodak digital camera with a full frame SLR and Canon lenses and take raw images -LRB- about 12-14 MP -RRB- . I use a 10 sec timer and wait for the image to be download to the disk before taking another photo . At the BR area I used two 1 GB Compact Flash cards from Kodak -LRB- made by Lexar -RRB- and a Lexar Platinum II 2 GB CF card . All three were bought from Walmart in Silver City , NM , in May 2006 . I then moved to the Courthouse Rock area and put in a 2GB Ultra II San Disk CF card . The card was previously erased on my computer and then with quick format in my camera -LRB- space for 63 images -RRB- . After two pictures the card said it was full . I continued to click for photos and a card error saying that that the image could not be saved . I tried several quick formats in the camera . Removing the battery or turning off the camera did not correct the problem . I then switched to the 8GB San Disk Ultra II CF card and had similar problems at first , but was eventually able to take several hundred photos although I have not evaluated them to see if they turned out . The two cards were bought from the Mayfield Heights , Ohio , Micro Center store in May 2007 although both have a copyright of 2004 . Today was not excessively hot or cold.With the first three cards I mentioned I have often taken 2 or 3 images in quick succession without any problems , but not with San Disk cards . Also the three cards have never given any problems on days below freezing or above 100 degrees . In 2003 when I first got my camera I bought two 1 GB and one 2 GB San Disk Ultra II CF cards . The 2 GB card held only 600 MB and was returned to San Disk . After a few months San Disk gave me a new 2 GB card -LRB- not used today -RRB- . I will have to buy some more Lexar cards because I no longer trust the San Disk CF cards . I was trying to take panoramas and with the sun light changing the delays caused by the card problems made it difficult . I suppose that San Disk sells higher grade cards because it knows that these cards are of low quality . Howard McPherson , Moab , Utah
 This is * not * an eight gigabyte card . The actual formatted capacity of the card is 6.45 GB . That may vary a little from one card to the next , but it 's nowhere close to the promised eight gigs . It 's about 20 % less .
 I purchased this product in early Feb. . They sent me a 4 GB card instead of an 8 GB card . I contacted the seller who sent me a return label , and said they would exchange it . I sent it back . They sent an e-mail saying they received it , and would send out the correct card . It is now late March and I still have n't received the 8 GB card .
 Purchased an 8G SanDisk CF card from seller `` genuinecollector '' . Unfortunately , the CF card is fake . I will leave the Country for 3 month in couple days , so I would just let go this time . But for those whom want to buy a cheap CF card , be careful and do n't over trust the price .
 I had this particular item and I lost every picture that I had . It was replaced by another one and that failed also . You will never know when this is going to fail . This card is too big use a smaller one ... USE CAUTION
 I am not pleasure with my purchase because , I bought a 8GB CF card and tha size of the card is 7.6 GB . That 's make me doubt it is a real SanDick Card .
 Sent me the wrong product and did n't care to resolve the situation . They had no desire to make me happy by sending me the correct products . Bad customer service and no one replied to my complaints . I 'm stuck with the wrong product , which is even cheaper than what I paid for . BEWARE - false advertising , no customer service , no guilt . This is the kind of company that makes web consumers be careful . This is the BAD GUY.BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!! BEWARE !!!
 This card sucks . I think its genuine , but some of the images become corrupted . I do n't see the corrumtion on the LCD of the camera . But when I import to lightroom . Some of them fail . I live overseas and its too much of a pain to ship back , so I guess I 'm stuck with it .
 I bought this and waited a week for it to get here , then I put it in my camera , a Canon EOS Rebel XTi , and it did n't work . Nothing happened at all . It seems like it 's not compatible with my camera , but the product information says it should be .
 It will be a lot easier to do a review if I receive the product . I havent received it yet and no one answered my first inquiry .
 I bought 2 of these Sanddisk Ultra 8GB 30mb/s cards . I shoot Canon 5D Mrk I . About 1 out of every 30-50 shots or so the photo will be corrupted for both CF cards - one sees partial image with the rest destroyed and displayed as colorful lines . This happens regardless of what the viewers are -LRB- Lightroom , Photoshop , Apple Preview , etc -RRB- . This error rate is too high for serious or memorable photo shoot . I 've never had the same problem with my other CF in 5-6 years of shooting with my camera . This is either Sanddisk or Canon 's fault , and I think it may be the former .
 The card is corrupt -LRB- can not write/read -RRB- on first time use.When I contacted customer service , they did n't even reply to me for a couple day . Then , instead of offer any sincere help . They sent me to page to pay an additional $ 30 to buy a piece of data recovery software.Worst experience ever . It ruined an otherwise perfect vacation for me.Think twice before buying it .
 If you have a camera that shoots 3-9 frames/sec . , and you 're actually using it to shoot sports , or just trying to capture that exact frame of moving subjetcs - do n't buy this item.It 's not fast enough ... 6 frames , and the card slows to a near halt.For everything else , it 's all good.Jeppe B. Nielsenwww.angeldustphotography.comPhotojournalist stud .
 As a photographer , I expect my gear to be reliable 100 % of the time . 99 % reliable is not acceptable . This card is not reliable 100 % of the time.Every so often , around every 1000 shots , the card gets an error and deletes the most recent photos taken -LRB- anywhere from 1-5 shots -RRB- . I find this problem happens the most when using burst and then chimping right away -LRB- viewing the images -RRB- . Not acceptable . I 've lost , not many , but several good shots from this happening . In case anyone was wondering , my camera is a Canon 7D . Dont buy this card .
 As a professional photographer , I 've used San Disk Compact Flash exclusively years . The 1 , 2 and 4 GB San Disk have worked flawlessly for about 5 years with my Canon DSLRs . However , I am NOT pleased with the 8 GB -LRB- 30MB/s -RRB- model . I purchased five for a recent European photo shoot . The 8 GB model consistently fail to record photos on my Canon 7D camera . Particularly when I shoot a burst of 5 to 6 images . None of the images are recorded and I have to remove and reinsert the card to start shooting again . I 've corresponded with San Disk and Canon and no one admits to a problem . But there IS A BIG PROBLEM and the 8 MB model is not suitable for professional use , if you ca n't reshoot .
 Sandisk 's Ultra II 8GB card is MUCH slower to write than the Ultra II 2GB cards I 've used until now . This card may be fine if you 're just taking a photo or two -- but sports action photographers will wait forever for the camera buffer to write to the card . Perhaps a different controller is used in this card ? I 'm not an engineer so I do n't know for sure . But the card has been a huge disappointement for me . I use it now only as a last resort , when a large job fills my supply of 2GB cards .
 the bad
 The product came as described , packaged and new , only when I inserted the card into my 4 year old Canon Rebel XTi I did n't realize one of the pin holes in the card was off , so it bent one of the pins in my card reader down . Now my camera wo n't read a CF card at all , the warranty expired in June , and I have to pay more money to get the camera repaired . Overall , I 'm disappointed with the product . I ca n't give anymore information than what I have because I was never able to use it and could n't see buying another one .
 I ordered and just received what was supposed to be the new Ultra II Compact Flash card . It showed Ultra in the picture . But what I received was a card called the Ultra and labeled Ultra , not Ultra II . So I just returned it and came back on the internet to order an Ultra II card . But what do I find out , SanDisk renamed the Ultra II card to Ultra and I just returned an Ultra II card . Boy , Amazon . You should fix your web page . You must be paying a lot of return postage for something that you did n't need to do .
 I ordered this card and used it twice . It is defective and does not work - I 've lost valuable and irreplaceable images and had to refund clients their sitting fees because of this defective card .
 I placed this order with DIGITAL MEDIA SOURCE and received it in a timely manner ; however , I just opened the case with the memory card and saw that it was clearly used ! There was writing etched into the back of the card and the front of the card is slightly scratched up as well . I am very upset and emailed them for a replacement ASAP . I am assisting at a wedding tomorrow and now have no memory card to use -- I do n't want to take the chance of putting a used card into my brand new camera.DO NOT BUY FROM DIGITAL MEDIA SOURCE !!
 The rear threading on this lens is 48mm while adapters for S2 , S3 , and S5 are 58mm so you 'll get bad tunnel effect . I can not believe that they are marketing this as being for the Canon Sx IS series .
 bought this thing about 3 weeks ago . And for the first 2 weeks it was fine , and I could n't have been happier with my purchase , but then during week 3 the Ipod started to freeze up on me , and I could n't get it working again . And apple 's tech support was no help , they basically restated the same stuff from the support section on their website . Waste of money ... I 'm sure there 's a better mp3 player somewhere ... hopefully I 'll find it ... this was too much money to spend on something that was just going to break down 3 weeks after I bought it .
 When my daughter began downloading music to the ipod it immediately froze and was not functioning at all.The ipod was returned and another ipod -LRB- same brand -RRB- was mailed to me immediately.A couple of months later it froze again.I did n't bother to return the product and disposed it .
 This is not compatible with MOST Creative media players and definitely not compatible with Zen Vision , Vision W or Zen JukeBox Xtra . Waste of money and ca n't return it once you pop the blister seal on the package .
 Great at first but then not even a month into use the card died . It had an error code and we lost some great pictures .
 After our vacation in Maui , I was excited to download photos onto my computer only to be frustrated that none of the computer software , scanner or even Wi photo would recognize the disk . My only hope now is to go to Walmart and make a CD of the 30 photos that I took . This seems counter productive as to why I bought such a large capacity disk -LRB- so I would ` nt have to keep making CD 's and clear my my other disks -RRB- I am back to wasting gas and time for 30 pics .
 I ordered my compactflash and it arrived very quickly . The size was the right fit for my camera , however , when I inserted the compactflash into my camera , it said there was no memory available , which means that the card is useless at this point unless I give it to some one else who has a camera that will allow it to work . I do n't know if it 's my camera thats at fault -LRB- Nikon 4300 -RRB- or the card itself . I wished when I ordered , information was provided about which cameras these cards are best used for . I am pretty disapointed that this card , which was the right size , did n't work for my camera . I decided not to return it because it was only about 15 bucks and perhaps , I will find someone with an adaquate camera that will allow this card somehow magically to work . I would like to believe my camera is at fault , so that this card is useable in some way .
 I bought 2 of these prior to a major trip . I tested each card , about 40 pics per card , before the trip . While on the trip , I lost about 150-200 pictures with no explanation . Other pictures ended up with corruption problems . I used a Nikon d70 . I have 2 other compact flash cards I have had for a few years and they had no problem . I ca n't tell if these are real or fake . The articles I read mainly show these with an Ultra II on them , which the older cards are . When I bought these , they were shown in the online picture as Ultra II with a write speed of 15 rather than 30 . I really wanted those , but kept these after I tried them . Since I have been using digital for about 12 years and this is the first time I have had a problem , I can feel there is a problem with the cards . Unfortunately , it has taken me about 6 months to track down information , first looking and the camera for problems and then Photoshop .
 I tried to use this on my vacation and just got an error message . I am in the process of returning it . I do n't fault the seller ... sometimes you just get a faulty disk .
 2 CF cards were purchased . Both appear to work in the camera -LRB- Canon Xti -RRB- but neither is readable or formattable on the computer CF drive . The drive works fine with other SanDisk cards . I emailed SanDisk support , have received no response . Though I can use the cards in the camera and download via cable , I am not confident in the reliability until I know the problem
 purchased way back in March 2006 ... worked fine for a couple years , but then recently died . corrupted data and is not re-formattable . i expect flash memory to last at least 7 years -LRB- even if the capacity becomes obsolete -RRB- . how can you trust this ?
 I was disappointed with this product , as it is not a true SanDisk card , and rather a knockoff . The card did not even look like the image provided on the purchase . I will not trust this card with storing images , but it is currently working properly . I would not do business with this seller again .
 I bought this in April for my new Canon 30D and it worked great until several months ago . When I would go back to scroll through the recently taken pictures on my camera it would start saying `` Data Corrupted '' . It started out slowly then it would lose every third picture . I tried to reformat the card and got an error message . Now my camera does not recognize it nor does the camera software on my computer . It was a wonderful card while it lasted but I too am hesitate to get another one . Hopefully mine was a lemon too ... but then again .
 This seemed like a great card at a great price . Unfortunately after 4 months , during the middle of a paid shoot , all of the images instantly dissappeared . I stopped using the card , put it aside until I got home . I tried to use software to recover the images . Only a few could be recovered , the rest were gone . I 've not been able to re-format the card in either a canon eos 5d , digital rebel , or using software on my computer . The card is now completely un-usable . All of my older cards continue to work just fine . Hopefully this is just a lemon , although I need to replace it , and am obviously apprehensive about purchasing another one from Sandisk .
 I was not informed when I ordered the Sandisk Ultra 11 4 GB that it is not compatible with certain SLR 's I have the Fugi S-2 and it does not work in this camera . I have returned the product for a refund.Dorothy Schipper
 This card is so slow that I have to wait between shots . I am using a Cannon Rebel XTI Love the camera and until this flash card I had no complants .
 i 'm sure this is a great product and has worked for many people , unfortunately it did not work for me and i had to send it back because it was defective .
 I purchased this card to use with my Nikon CoolPix camera . I inserted the card and a message said it was unreadable `` do you want to format '' , so I formated as instructed . Well , the only thing that happened was I received a `` system error '' message and my camera stuck on that screen . I could n't get it to do anything . I had to remove the card and batteries , reinsert the old card and batteries before it would work . I contacted the seller on 26 September 2012 and asked for help . I received a `` your items was shipped , contact Amazon '' email ???? They NEVER answered my question . I would suggest you skip this seller and this product as well .
 This is the worst card I have ever had . It never worked and the dkks wanted me to pay shipping both way and would charge a 20 % if they fot it to work.It 's a book mark and has no other use I know of.Worse than the Lexington city council
 After putting it in my camera , nothing happened . Sandisk informed me that there are two types , and of course I bought the wrong kind without any information on the discription or even on the product packaging mentioning this type may not work with your particular camera .
 I got it for my Digital camera -LRB- Canon Digital Rebel XT -RRB- Canon Digital Rebel XT 8MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f3.5-5 .6 Lens -LRB- Silver -RRB- it does n't work ! Honestly , I took a few picture with that , but after that the camera gave me error message and did n't accept it anymore . The packing also was awful , I have n't seen this kind of ugly packing before , without any box . I do n't recommend this `` ULTRA '' company at all . Now , I have a 2GB CF card Kingstone which is working very well . I wish I would n't take this `` 4GB '' `` ULTRA '' `` II '' CF card !!
 I have an older Olympus E-20N digital SLR . This is a high performance camera and it came with a 32M card which will only hold a few pictures . I wanted a larger capacity card so I bought this one thinking ` It 's a CompactFlash card , it 'll work . ' WRONG !!!! My camera would n't recgonize it and it could n't be formatted , either . I had bought this at a local store which would n't take it back so now I 'm stuck with a card that I ca n't use . Maybe it 's my older camera , I do n't know . I say if you have any doubts , do n't buy it .
 SanDisk ULTRA II HIGH PERFORMANCE 4GB -LRB- SDCFH-4096-901 , Retail Package -RRB- This card is evidently defective . It does not work , Robert Parmenter
 i use the Extreme III but after reading reviews they say it 's too fast that i dont need for my -LRB- canon 20D -RRB- so i bought it for land scape shooting . . it works great , but one day i used it in a shiny day for a horse show , in the continues mode withe a high speed exposure the maximum u got is 3 continue shoots . . compair with ExtremeIII 6 shoots .
 Warning concerning use with Nikon cameras.While the compact flash may work with other devices , it does not work with the previous generation DSLRs by Nikon.Constantly asks to be formatted . Creates false files of images on disc.Generally a big headache.Other brands works fine . Even generic brands . Hence sandisk compact flash and not camera .
 I use this card with a Canon SD-550 . It was fine for the first couple of months but it 's been having all sorts of problems lately . One out of every five shots comes out missing data and corrupted . I can not recommend this card , however , I 've used other Sandisk sd and cf cards and they 've been excellent .
 My camera and computer both can not read nor format the card for some reason . I 've had the card for about 3 months . I also have a 1gb card from sandisk that 's been working for a long time . I 'll never buy this one again .
 Bought this card for daughter 's Canon Powershot A720 , in Dec. 07 . The first time she used it , it would only hold 20 pictures , then she got unidentified image message -LRB- even though the picture taken was briefly displayed . She tried reformating the card several times . Always the same message . This Dec. 2008 , I tried it with my Canon Sx110 . Same problem . would not buy again .
 The card was defective when it arrived . The stated Amazon processing time for returns was about 4 weeks and I needed a replacement sooner . SanDisk was very thorough , but accomodating in replacing the memory . The new one was received in plenty of time and works just fine . Kudos for SanDisk Customer Service . None for Amazon 's replacement reaction time .
 It works fine in my camera -LRB- Nikon D40X -RRB- but my laptop -LRB- Presario V2000 -RRB- card reader does n't acknowledge it . Re-formatting in-camera it did n't help . It 's not a card reader issue because other media works OK . No help yet from SanDisk tech support . I 'll end up giving it to a friend in the hope she has better luck . Lesson learned
 I bought this card and it arrived as an un opened new package . That was the end of the happy story . It was defective and it could n't be read at all in any camera , PDA or memory card reader . Windows XP reported that it ca n't format this drive when tried to format it with FAT32/FAT or NTFS . Strangely enough it was read by Windows as a 4GB drive instead of a 2GB . Do n't buy , it seems it is part of a defective bulk . I have the 1GB version and it works fine -LRB- at least until now ! -RRB- .
 I have a one year old Sony desktop and the 2GB SanDisk Ultra II SD card is not recognizable by it . The card works well in the camera but NOT in my computer . Apparently you SHOULD NOT BUY this product if your computer is more than a year old .
 You think I 'd have learned by now , but this card has failed me 4 or 5 times while on vacation . I shoot with a Nikon D50 . I did n't know if it was the card or the camera , but judging by the other reviews , it 's the card . I am good with computers , and have tried different ways of formatting the card , whether FAT or FAT32 , with different cluster sizes , all which end up with corrupted images , or corrupted cards.In all instances , I have been able to get `` most '' of the images off of the card , using photo recovery software . ZAR `` Zero Assumption Recovery '' works well and is free for digital images.Good luck with this , seems like it 's hit or miss whether you get a decent card , I wish I could return mine , but it 's been over a year since I purchased it . I 'm going to be buying 2 1GB cards to replace it . One thing I 've learned is to always have a backup card!Update
 I was only able to use it for 3 days maybe , then an error message appeared on my camera `` memory card error '' I now can not delete or add any pictures .
 The memory card would not work in either one of our Kodak cameras of my Canon . In all three cameras the display screen said `` Memory is Full `` Have ordered other Scandisk memory cards without a problem.Ken Morton
 I used this card in a Canon SD500 . Got in about 2 dozen shots and the card locked up compeletly . Ca n't even access with a card reader . Sandisk is replacing the card , but it concerns me that it will happen again .
 I have a kodak Z760 and after one mons of use I have founded a lot of problem , some date this card function very well some date no . Sometime I 've had corrupt files in my camera . I do n't recomend this card for use in a Kodak Z760 .
 Causing problems since the first day . Additionally I even needed to byu a photo recovery software . Now I have a `` bad track 0 '' , so I can not format it . Useless !!!!
 This item never arrived to me . After repeated mails also , there was no reply from the vendor . I never had any clue about this as there was no option to track my item . .
 I was extremely disapointed in AMAZON . I ordered a Ultra II San disk with a 2 gig memory capacity and they shipped me a Ultra II San Disk with a 1 gig memory capacity in the 2 gig package.Thanks for ripping me off ...
 I have bought SanDisk products in the past , and I was happy with them . However , this time I got a defective memory card right off the package , and its replacement was defective as well ! It 's highly unlikely for two out of two cards to be defective . I tried them in three different devices , all of them functioning perfectly well , and I know the defect was in the memory card . I amd disappointed this particular model of SanDisk has such quality problems . : -LRB-
 I purchased the SanDisk Ultra II Secure Digital Card to use in my Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ8 camera because it was supposed to be much better than a regular SD card . Much faster transfer speed than standard card.It is incompatible with this camera . I also could n't get either my home pc or laptop to format the card . SanDisk techinical support basically said that they were sorry . Too bad ! Nothing we can do about it.Avoid the SanDisk 2GB Ultra II Secure Digital Card if you have a Panasonic Lumix DMC-FZ8 camera .
 Bought the 2 pack of these from Costco . Placed one in the Canon SD950 to take pics of my newborn . 360 pics were taken over the 1st 2 days of my baby 's life with a fully charged camera with a lot of battery to go . On the 3rd day , there was only 1 pic on the card ! The other 359 were corrupted ! Never used the card in any other device and never took the card in or out . I tried reading it in 5 other devices to find that the space is taken , but the pics are gone.Called Canon , where a very helpful rep -LRB- I had other Canon products with which he was helping me -RRB- . I asked if I should stay away from Sandisk as a whole and he said that i should stick with big reputable companies like Sandisk -LRB- and Kingston or Lexar ... ca n't remember which he said -RRB- . He said to make sure to format the card first -LRB- which i did n't do in this case -RRB- , make sure the battery never runs out while taking pics , never pull the card from a reader while it 's running ... common sense stuff . He did say that most card companies will give a program which will restore files.So , I called Sandisk . I got a rep who was very difficult to understand because of a thick foreign accent and a delay in talking transmission which leads me to believe that the CS for Sandisk is overseas ... namely India . She was useless . She directed me to a website to recover files ... www.lc-tech.com . I was told to download the demo and see if I could see any files and then I would have to purchase the demo on my own.Ok ... well , then since I had a card which failed once , i wanted a new card to replace this ... she should pretended she did n't hear me ... I repeated and she then was clearly trying to get me off the phone . I do n't have time to waste on the phone as a newborn is screaming in the other room ... so thank you , goodbye.I did proceed to try their recovery program demo . It could identify 2 and a half pics . Worthless.Then I downloaded eIMAGE Recovery which could identify all 360 pics ... but only 2/3 of them were viewable and all the videos were screwed . I bought that program since I could recover some key photos.All in all ... as another poster states ... I should go with the better SD card than this whether it be the Ultra III or another brand ... but now I have to find the packaging for Costco and return these.BTW , I did end up using the other 2g card in the pack for the past few weeks after formatting it and it has n't yet failed.To all ... make sure you download pics to your computer often ! Especially if you have a special occasion !
 I give this SD card a 1-star . Why ? when I attempt to insert it into my laptop SD card reader , the mere act of this insertion causes the lock to switch to the engaged position , making it unreadable . The same happens on occasion in my Canon SD1000 . Why would you put a locking mechanism on the device which would slide shut when inserting the card ? Idiotic . It should be the other way around . Other than that , the card performed without incident . But this is a serious flaw .
 The SD Ultra II 2.0 GB memory card would not work in either my Kodak or Canon camera . Tried moving the Lock/Unlock switch several times . Both cameras worked perfect when I changed to the same Brand SD Ultra II 2.0 GB purchased from another source on the inter-net .
 Do yourself a favor , do not buy this card . I lost about 1 gb worth of video and pictures from my nephew 's baptism ... Later searches showed that I am not alone in having probs with this card . Others have recommended staing away from cards made in China ... Look for Japanese or other .
 I took around 25 pictures , put them on my computer and went to take some more pictures the next day . The chip was dead . If you dont care about actually capturing and saving the pictures you take , buy this chip .
 This card does n't rate a single star . I purchased this fairly expensive card only to have it error out loosing 500 + photos of my big trip to China . I also had off-brand SD cards which did not fail and which cost a lot less . It is amazing that a chip can be so unreliable . I have emailed SanDisk twice asking if there is any possibility of data retrieval . After a week I have yet to receive any response from SanDisk . Buy an off-brand the quality and service ca n't be any worse .
 I have used Sandisk Ultra 1GB card for my Canon S2 IS camera earlier , but needed more space . Inspite of some poor ratings , I bought the Sandisk Ultra 2GB -LRB- and not the 2GB Extreme which I was planning to -RRB- . Though I CAN view all the photos I copied from the camera to my PC , Ringo Uploader wo n't upload all of them , there are some -LRB- around 50 % -RRB- `` BAD FILES '' , which means I 'll have to upload them manually . Yeah , manually uploading works , so the software that verifies whether the file is okay , is giving the error . Bottomline is
 I had over two hundred images to download and Poof , all pixelated ... I am so upset . . once in a life time shots and all screwed up . I would NOT recommend this card
 This card did not work at all in my new panasonic lumex dmc-fz7 & only sometimes in my canon sd-450 . Memory card error & card corrupt kept coming up . Formating & reformating did not help .
 I ca n't believe that 2 brand new cards died out of total 4 cards!Unbelievable quality control . I am wondering if they are blind build after wafer sort . I do n't think those SD cards had final test after packaging ! I wo n't buy Sandisk anymore . It seems that Sandisk is lowering down the cost to it competitors . The quality advantage of Sandisk is gone now . Those memory cards are like engineering build for debugging defects ^_^ .
 Be careful when you buy this memory card . It does not work with Mac OS10 . I hope I can return the one I have not opened
 I bought this card because I only had two smaller cards for my camera - a Canon card and a Kodak card . Everytime I put those cards into my reader , it reads them on the first try . This one I have to remove and reinsert 6-15 times every time I want to download my photos ! It 's a SanDisk reader . I contacted them and they 're suppsed to replace it , but their customer service sucks . I 'm thinking about returning it and trying a different brand .
 Do NOT get this model . Look at the reviews ... plenty of errors with this card , lots of lost data . I ca n't get it to retain data without errors . Instead , get the SanDisk Ultra III 2GB card , which is the perfected version . SanDisk is a good producer of memory cards , but you should only get their top-of-the-line Ultra III cards .
 Used it with my new Canon SD400 . Stopped working after 100 pictures . Now it is completely locked in both the camera and my external card reader .
 Be careful , I ordered the 2GB , but then got a 1GB . I returned this item and instead I ordered 2 1GB ones .
 yes why did i buy this , i was thinking this was wireless , but nope just network ready , all hype on the box . even the $ 100 optional wireless still does not make it a wireless printer , , stay away . . it is an all in one printer , haha but no fax . what are they thinking.lexmark here i come , will save $ 150 too .
 Based upon my experience , I could not recommend this be purchased online . I did see the set at a dealer , and it seemed to perform fine.I ordered the set from Amazon.com on 26 Dec 2005 . Amazon brokered the unit to One Call . OneCall shipped the unit on 27 Dec. . When I received the unit , it had a column of LED 's out -LRB- verticle red line on set -RRB- . OneCall required me to go thru the local Toshiba warranty facility to evaluate set . On 14 Jan , the locl warranty rep evaluated the set and stated that the LCD panel needs to be replaced . OneCall gave me authorization to return & exchange the set . I returned the set to Spokane WA on 20 Jan at my expense.The replacement was shipped to me on 26 Jan. . The replacement has a loud mechanical hum whenever a signal is applied . OneCall stated their terms & conditions do not permit returns . I was to have the local warranty technician come back to look at this set . The local tech does not know what the problem is . It went into their shop 2 weeks ago so they can work with Toshiba America to see what 's wrong . As of 2/23 the set is still in the shop.My experience with two different Toshiba HDTVs has not been very good .
 It works fine ... but they are so expensive ... get a knock-off for 8 times cheaper .
 Thought this was a good deal the twin pack -LRB- C8765WN # 140 -RRB- is not what arrives . Contacted by e-mail to much hassle to straighten things out to get other cartridge . The one sent is -LRB- HP-C8765WN # 94 -RRB- single cartridge . Do n't know if it works as I leave it next to my computor as a reminder not to order again .
 These cartridges arrived and I put the first one in my printer . It was empty . Light on printer kept flashing . Checked , rechecked nothing . Put the second one in the computer and that was fine . Two days later it was totally out of ink . Now I must tell you I am a 65 year old who uses her computer strictly to read emails and occasionally print them out , and to write `` snail mail '' letters when needed . I sometime print out crosswords . This is ridiculous . I asked for my money back or replacement cartridges . They told me that it was HP who sent them to the distributor and that there was nothing they were going to do for me . Very rude , and wow , Customer Service , I think not.The packaging appeared to be HP packaging , however , when I went to Staples to have them check these cartridges -LRB- yes they confirmed they were empty -RRB- and when I purchase another cartridge , I noticed that the packaging appeared different . The one I was sent was a very dull , matte type finish on the box . HP box I purchased was very glossy.So , I am out the price I paid purchasing thru Amazon and now I am out what I had to go spend at Staples.We are reporting this company . I do n't blame Amazon , however , Amazon has not stood behind us at all on this . As I said we were totally taken for a ride on this and are out paying for products twice . We will not be using Amazon AGAIN .
 I ordered two cartridges from 4dteck and both arrived dry , empty and totally unusable . I received my order within a few days but now I 'm going to have to re-order cartridges from a competitor and I really needed the ink ASAP .
 Works fine in Sony Nex camera but when inserted into card reader crashes computers.Strange think it worked ok at first . Two weeks .
 I bought a new Canon REBEL EOS , and a few accessories , one being a Transcend 8gb card . It works in both my cameras , and the other cards work in both . The Transcend 8gb freezes the screen every time it is inserted in to the reader slot on my pc . I tried it in my wife 's pc and same thing happened . I can not download any photos from it . There are photos to view on the card , and I can stick it in my A-560 and view it , but that 's it.No stars untill I can get another and see if that does what it should .
 I made a mistake with buying this item for it does not work with my camera . But I ca n't say that strongly for I made a mistake and not researched the right SD card for my camera .
 Frequent price is $ 10 per GB with good speed . So $ 80 is reasonable for a fast loading chip . It is not reasonable for a slow chip .
 I read the reviews for the TS4GSD150 -LRB- the 4GB version of this card -RRB- and it seemed that that version seemed to work perfectly in Palms . . . . so I tried this 8GB version hoping for the same results . Unfortunately , after two cards and a whole lot of frustration , I now realize that these do not work in the current generation of Palms , Canon cameras -LRB- I tried it in my new Canon S2 IS -RRB- , IBM laptops -LRB- new Z60m -RRB- , or a Dell Inspiron 6000 series.Sooo , I 'm not really sure what this card is suppose to work in . Maybe the stuff coming out later this year will be compatible . Until then , stick the with TS4GSD150 4GB version .
 The reason I can only give one star is because after trying the card in my axim 50v & Canon 8 megabyte camera I find that it will not work in either one ... so I guess I 'm stuck with a card that is ahead of it 's time for most products.I do n't think that it 's the cards fault , but the devices I have are just not sofisticated enough to read it , though they are relatively new and top of the line devices . I have no problem with a 1 gig card , and suspect that I will have not problem with a 2 gig card , maybe will try even a 4 gig , but the 8 gig , well , it just wo n't work for me .
 This card was unreadable in 2 different readers on two different computers . It was useless .
 I recieved my D560 as a Christmas gift in 2003 . I never liked the way it drained batteries ; I basically needed a new set every time I used it , but other than that it was a good camera . 40 days after the warrenty expired , the screen completly went out on it . I have always taken extremly good care of my camera , never dropped it , left it in a hot car or anything . I sent it to Olympus for repair , they said the repair would be 140.00 and the warrenty would not cover it . After 2 emails and 1 letter , with no response from Olympus I asked that they send the camera back unrepaired , and after 2 weeks , I still have not recieved my camera . Beware of buying from this company .
 After using this camera for the past year and a half , never having any problems , all of a sudden the flash is not working properly , my pictures that once turned out great , are dark and unusable ... talked to Olympus , they will charge me $ 100 to take a look at the camera and then charge me to fix it , it is just not worth it . Also , this camera takes too long in between photos , and drains batteries , you are better off buying one of their newer versions .
 That 's great that everyone can talk about how great it is but the bottom line is that the battery life is AWFUL ! That ca n't make for a great camera . I wish I would have read the reviews before I purchased it ... however , Target had no problem with the return and I purchased a Canon Powershot 3.2 megapixel camera for the same price and it is AWESOME !!! DO NOT BUY THE OLYMPUS UNLESS YOU LIKE CHANGING BATTERIES EVERY TIME YOU USE IT !!!
 This camera is one of the most disappointng products I have ever purchased . I now have 3 of them all with the same problem .1 . They drain the batteries after a few pictures and then malfunction .2 . The lens does not retract without at least an 8 second delay . Thus , you ca n't view the pictures you 've just taken without waiting this 8 secondsThe only reason I used this product is I liked the smaller picture file size which newer cameras do not have .
 I bought this camera from a user on amazon used , in `` new '' condition . It arrived during the winter holidays fine . The pictures are okay if you know how to work it . The camera eats batteries like crazy , so you almost have to buy lithiums -LRB- Which add up in price quite quickly . -RRB- The camera now pauses for about one minute after each picture , and sometimes the lens or screen wo n't even work !!! My sister just got a new canon point and shoot . It made me realize how much better the new cameras are for the same price . If you are buying a point and shoot , do n't waste your money on this . Buy something that lasts .
 Takes great pictures.The battery life -LSB- is not good -RSB- . Dead after 20 pictures .
 I received this camera as a gift 2 1/2 years ago , and after less than 2 years of use , the camera started having problems . Now , when I open the front of the camera to take pictures , the lens does n't come out . Instead , the camera beeps at me continuously . When I try to access the menus or turn on the LCD screen with the front closed , the camera continues to beep at me . Regardless of what I do , the camera refuses to work . Of course , the camera works fine 30 % of the time . But what good is a camera that only works 30 % of the time ?? Do n't waste your money on this camera . From what I 've read on other websites , this is a common problem with Olympus point-and-shoot digital cameras that have come out in the past few years . They 've cut back on quality in order to sell affordable cameras .
 Drains batteries . Large size . Long delay so you never capture the moment . Takes horrible pictures ; I would say 1 out of every 5 taken are actually decent . I swear every time I use this camera all I can think about is how I wish I had bought something else . I will be glad to throw it in the river when I replace it .
 There no other word to describe this camera . Do n't go for its 3MP/3x tag , there are many others things which need to be good . For example picture quality , battery life , features , indoor pics , build quality are all bad.Anyways the camera is n't worth your money . Just 3MP does n't mean good pics ...
 I bought this camera and was surprised at how easy it was to use . Too bad I never got to see the pictures because when I tried to load the software -LRB- Camedia -RRB- I had nothing but problems . After two calls to Olympus Tech Support and about two hours of messing around with different settings and downloads , I was told to try and load the software on another computer . Well , I feel I have a decent computer , a Gateway running windows 98 . What good is this camera if I have to load the software on someone else 's computer ? Then I 'd have to download my pictures on their computer too . The software says it 's compatible with Windows 98 , but yet it did n't work on my computer . Tech support told me that they tried everything they could . I am the only person in the world that has had this problem . The tech support -LSB- stunk -RSB- big time and I will never waste my time with them again . ...
 This camera has 3MP/3x and low price tag , but that does n't gaurantee good pics . I would n't recommend this to my friends , mine went back to store within a week!What 's wrong with it ? A news article says 60 % of digicams from Olympus are just sold under Olympus brand name , not actually made by Oly . This explains the bad quality of this camera.Even if you find this for a very low price , stay far away from it . You will get what you pay for!If you are really a fan of Oly try the Stylus line , much better made . Otherwise buy a Canon , Nikon or Sony ...
 We had a Olympus 35mm camera , liked it , thought it would be good to get a digital one , went on a trip to Black Hills with it , found these DISPPOINTING facts with this D560 :1 . BATTERIES
 I usually like Olympus products , but this camera falls short of all marks . The pix are blurred , no matter how high you set the resolution . The macro is fussy and quickly blurs under 7 inches . The macro is also blurred . None of the pix could withstand magnification . True , they did n't pixellate until over 200 % , but even at 75 % they were just plain not in focus . Olympus blew it on this one . Do n't buy it , it 's a waste of money , even for casual photos . The only good thing is the software , which is fantastic , but even it ca n't fix the poor quality of the photos .
 This turned out to be the worst Digital Camera I have PurchasedBought this as a second easy to carry low price $ 229.00 and found that the picture quality is good only in daylight . Flash Pics are very dark , Battery life is very poor . The opening slide works sometimes , sometimes not . The digital screen is fine , but only works half the time . Maybe I had a lemon , But could not wait to return it the next day . . Would not recommend this model Olympus
 Camera has good features and software , but after 2 days of usage , two defects make it an unsatisfying deal :1 -RRB- Battery life-time is ridiculous . To add insult , camera comes with no charger nor adapter .2 -RRB- Optical viewfinder is worthless , does not allow to frame a shot . Its angle is strikingly smaller that the actual zoom/lens angle . You can not frame a shot unless you use the LCD viewfinder screen , which entails holding the camera away from face , resulting in more unsteady/blurry shots .
 At first I was very satisfied with the picture quality of the camera
 This product stopped working within a couple of months -LRB- unable to format -RRB- . At the time I got this , I also got a Toshiba 4GB SDHC and a SanDisk 2GB SD card - they both still work fine .
 I received this as a gift , it WILL NOT RECORD ANYTHING from my satellite receiver , says `` copy protected '' I planned on using this to record programs I could not watch becaude I was working . A dvd PLAYER would do all this product can do for a LOT less $ $ $ .
 Ok so it does n't copy old vhs movies because of copyright issues . I was expecting that . but after 6 tries , I finally got an old vhs of some tv shows to record onto DVD-R disks . The manual is overwhelming and does a rotten job of walking you through a sample recording . So I finally figured out that I needed to Finalize the DVD , but guess what ? the DVD was only usable -LRB- fully -RRB- on the sony unit . It would play on my laptop , but no chapters , I had 360 as one big chapter , plus the time index was only up to the 24 minutes . so chapter 18 , at the 24 minute mark , was for minutes 24-360 . Apparently the timer thing is busted on the sony recorder as well . because I had same 24 minute marker as the last chapter on it as well.The dvd would n't even play at all on a regular , DVD player hooked up to my TV.I want my weekend of frustration back .
 I have just gotten this dvd player to replace an other of mine . Guess what ???? I am taking it back . It will not play other DVD 's that I have recorded on my other recorder , and oh yes they have been finalized and they will play with no problem on other dvd players . On the Sony , they will not play . One may play for a moment and then the picture will hang up and sound will stop a few seconds later . Just ca n't get any of the DVD 's recorded to play .
 SONY - DVD RECORDER/VCR
 I used to think that the name Sony meant that you were buying the best . Then I bought this POS . The operating instructions are terrible . The darn thing wo n't record worth a damn -LRB- it wo n't even record my home movies without some problem developing -RRB- . It frequently locks up in the finalization mode regardless of the amount of time remaining on the disc that is being recorded . Play back is terrible . This POS is the Edsel of video recorders . Consequently , I would n't buy another Sony product even if it had the best rating in the world . Do n't buy this product and if you do , plan on using it as a paper weight as that is all it is good for .
 This thing has never worked right . should have taken it back but thought maybe i was n't doing something correctly . it only records sometimes . sometimes with a decent picture sometimes like i use rabbit ears . it tries to record on its own when i turn it on then wo n't respond to the remote.wont shut off until i pull the plug , just a complete piece of junk and i have lots of other sony items but i despise this waste of money and time .
 This is the worst product I have ever bought . It never would record anything , so I thought due to it 's price , at least it would reliably play movies . It wo n't even do that .
 We have yet to have a Sony that is reliable and works appropriately . This one is a Sony PIECE O ' CRAP as usual . Should have learned our lesson with the first one but no , we had to get this one , and we 've been SORRY since . When it does actually write the information to disc , the disc usually skips during playback . If it does write the information to disc , it will NOT finalize the disc , will , thus , corrupt the disc , and then eject with DISC CAN NOT BE PLAYED OR WRITTEN ! There is no meaningful way to clean it ; in fact , manual states DO N'T CLEAN so after only 60 days , the machine is UNUSABLE as a DVD recorder and unreliable as a DVD player . Sony remedies to NUMEROUS errors ? Turn it off , do n't operate in humidity , unplug it completely and wait and wait and try again , do n't operate when too cold , do n't operate when too hold . When trying to transfer home VHS to DVD , will stop every 2 minutes creating another title . If you want ours , it will be in on top of our garbage can this Thursday trash pickup !
 What 's the point of having a DVD recorder when you ca n't even backup your own VHS copies onto DVD ? The built-in copyguard is a real pain , to the point it even prevents you from backing stuff up on your own TiVo ! Sony should be ashamed . First CD 's , then DVD 's , and now the recorder . Pay the few dollars more for a real unit such as Panasonic and call it a day .
 My first test run of this item was copying an old VHS movie -LRB- out-of-print and unavailable on DVD -RRB- to DVD . I went through the process twice . Both times everything seemed to go well as far as there being no error messages displayed during the process , and everything going according to instructions . But both DVDs were blank or unreadable afterward -LRB- I tried on several DVD players , and on computers -RRB- . It 's going back .
 This is an unrealiable product . I spent many hours copying old family VHS to DVD and I am now finding that these DVD 's do n't play on other recorders . They freeze up . I even put it in a sony DVD player and it locks up . What a bunch of junk . I also coppied DVD footage from my Digital 8 camera to dvd and that did n't work either . Would never recommend this . Big waste of money and time !
 This is my second player with this model and it still freezes during DVD playback . Very frustrating for a machine that costs $ 217 . As I can now see with most other customer reviews , I am not alone with this problem . Sony should at least provide for replacement of this unit with a better model since this is the second model RDR-VX525 that I 've had this problem with over a 1 year period .
 I would not recommend this product . Neither of the two features I need most from this Sony -- DVD player and DVD recorder -- work.The DVD player freezes all the time and there 's no way to get past that point -LRB- FF , REW , etc. nothing works -RRB- . Plus , with some DVDs all of a sudden there will be this extremely loud squeal or static sound and , well , that 's the end of being able to watch that DVD . I 've cleaned the DVD player several times but that has n't helped.We have been able to copy one VHS tape . Other than that we 've made a lot of coasters . The instructions are terrible , but even when you finally make some sense of them the end result is more DVDs that wo n't play . I 've tried three DVD formats -LRB- + R , - R , R/W -RRB- and have wasted many hours trying to get this thing to work.So I gave up on trying to record but the aforementioned DVD player problems keep me from using it at all . At the end of the day all I 've managed to do is buy a $ 200 VCR .
 I purchased this product for 2 reasons .1 -RRB- To copy old VHS format to DVD2 -RRB- To record some movies and programs.Unfortunately only number 1 has worked for me . Number 2 is a failure on my part to do more research of the product . The device wont record any movies that are on the premium channels such as HBO , SHOWTIME , CINEMAX . Once I discovered that I still believed it was worth the money . Then after inserting a DVD movie into the machine I had purchased from Blockbuster , I then started to become skeptical of the product as a whole . In short I 'm only able to play one movie at one time -LRB- even some brand new movies -RRB- . The second movie always ejects and on the display window the word `` error '' is displayed . I thought this was an abnomally , so I decided to try other movies and I can never watch more than one movie on `` movie nights '' . This is the worst device I 've ever purchased . I purchased it new from Circuuit city and since I 've never been disappointed by a SONY product , I was sure this one would be fine and took a pass on the extended warranty . Beware of this device ! I hate this device .
 I got this flash for Christmas from my wife -LRB- a result of my own gentle prodding -RRB- . I 've had great luck with Amazon and finding great products without name brands -LRB- and accompanying price tags -RRB- slapped on them . Unfortunately this was n't one of those times.The flash does cycle very fast as mentioned in the product description but that 's because the flash is so incredibly weak ! I ca n't overstate that fact enough . Be forewarned , this flash did n't even fully light a room of about 16 x 12 ! My on-camera pop-up flash has more power than this thing . Even though its powered by 4 AA batteries the flash does n't deliver any pop . It does have great swivel/bounce capabilities but since the flash is n't even close to being up for the task the bounce effects are worthless/nonexistant . The only way I could see this flash giving decent results are if you are about 3 feet away from your subject and bouncing the flash off a wall or ceiling that is also not farther than 3 feet away . I 'm returning this item promptly as it fails utterly to meet my very basic needs .
 I ordered it and I was pretty dissapointed in it . It was very diffucult to get the batteries to go in and I had to re-load them 10 times before I could it to work . Maybe the one I got was defective , hard to say . But it was very fustrating to get it work right out of the box . I took a few pics with it it seemed to work ok , But I had a bad 1st impression and it did feel very cheap and decided to return it immediately and exchange it for an SB-400 . Not trying to switch ya to the Nikon flash but it much much more sturdier . For someone who will not use it a whole lot and is looking price as thier main buying influence this is it .
 This product does not work . Bought it for my Nikon D40 . Would n't communicate in TTL mode . Do yourself a favor and purchase SB-600 or other first party Nikon speedlights .
 I do n't now the flash do n't work whem camera need . I tried may ways , other cameras , but flash works only when it wants .
 I liked this that was vacuum was small . However , it is not nearly powerful enough to clean any type of electronic .
 This thing did n't have the sucking power I thought it would . I only bought it cause it was safer than using the vacuum . Better to use canned air than this silly thing . I think its in my closet , and that was right after I bought it .
 I ordered this product because of it 's on-the-go ability and size . It comes with 3 attachments including a brush . It will not even move dust and spider webs around . It certainly will not pick them up . If you hold it against your hand , there is not air . I definitely would not recommend it .
 This product gives a bad name to Metro , who has some very capable electronics `` vacuums '' -LRB- some of them only blow -RRB- . my work ordered 2 of these by accident instead of better models and these arent much better than the novelty USB vacuums you can find for $ 5
 I was hoping to use this as an alternative to canned air , but alas , it has next to zero power , whether being used as a vac or to blow air . It just does n't generate enough power . I was also trying to avoid a vac because I 'm concerned about static electricity and wanted to avoid it , for the most part . My suggestion
 Was n't exactly what we 'd hoped for ... not often we get to say this , but we did n't like it because it does n't really suck . * grins * We tried both battery and plugged in , and could n't get it to pick up ANYTHING at all . Could n't get it to blow very much , either . It sits in our closet , worthless , while we continue to use compressed air cans .
 Unfortunately this small vacumn has no power at all to pick up lint or dust ... even when plugged in ! I was very disappointed !
 Neither the vacuum or the blower is powerful enough to dust a computer . When I tried it on my keyboard , no crumbs were picked up . The vacuum had essentially no power . I recommend using a CO2 cartridge based blower instead .
 I purchased this item hoping to put an end to all the compressed air cans that I use to clean . This was a waste of money and time all the thing does is make noise and give a slight breeze . You could easily blow more dust off of your equipment with your own lungs , even if they are filled with tar , than you can with this blower , and you might as well just scoop up anything that you want to use the vacuum to clean . I was very disappointed in this product .
 If I live to be 140 , I know my last dying gasp will produce more suction than this `` vacuum . '' It is basically useless in other ways as well . The bristles on the brush attachment are far too stiff , rendering them incapable of curling around small components to loosen dust particles underneath . The exhaust vent -LRB- which doubles as a rather asthmatic `` blower '' -RRB- is positioned in such a way that it actually blows much of what little dust is picked up back into the item you 're vacuuming . And to top it all off , when I placed the unit into its charging station , it would not seat properly on the leads , so it would n't even charge . In short
 The charger is very convenient . Power related to AD/DC is extremely useful . High-tech design and features . Sucking and blowing power does not measure up to the price . It has an extremely disappointing performance . It feels like a child toy rather than a useful tool for a personal computer or laptop . Will not recommend anyone to purchase this item due to the lack of performance .
 I was hoping to buy a small handheld vacuum for my office and computer hardware -LRB- keyboads , air inlets , and what have you -RRB- . However , the DataVac has so little power , even after a full charge , that it 's next to useless . I ca n't recommend it .
 Look elsewhere for your computer-vacuuming needs . While a great concept , this vacuum falls short in the sucking-factor .
 this thing doesnt do ANYTHING at all , but blow a littleair ... I cant find anyway to make it `` vaccum '' . . I can BLOWharder on my own than this thing ... I 've written the people but have received no reply ... They should be put in jail for advertising this as theyhave ... pUUUUUUUUUUUU to put it mildly !!
 Well this was probably the biggest waste of money I ever spent on a computer . There is LITERALLY NO SUCTION . It will not pick up a piece of dust , a paper flake , a piece of salt . It 's THAT weak . And the option where you switch the small attachment to the air outtake part of the vacuum and use it as a blower ... well that is equally weak , lame , and useless as well . Trust me , take your money and buy a few cans of compressed air . It cleans much better -LRB- well anything would clean better -RRB- , and you can actually see , and feel it blowing the dirt away .
 The metro vacuum DVR-1 is very nice looking . As a toy , it is very attractive . However , I found its functionality to be very desirable . Its vacuum part is very weak and one can barely feel it has any power at all . The air blower is proportinally stronger but still not that great . It is certainly much less powerful that the regular cans . I bought three of them I am sorry I did .
 My husband bought one of these for me as a Christmas gift this year ; I have wanted a computer vacuum for so long . I was so pleased to finally have one.I charged it -LRB- according to the directions -RRB- and tried it out -LRB- we all want that first try to `` play '' with our new `` toys '' -RRB- . My first impression was ... I was n't impressed.I Assumed -LRB- hoped , really -RRB- that I had done something incorrectly -LRB- Maybe I did n't fully charge it when I thought I had ? Maybe I had n't put the attachments on properly ? -LRB- I know , `` How can one mess up the attachments ? '' but , hey , I was trying to give it the benefit of the doubt -RRB- -RRB- . I put it away until I could take more time to check it again later , when we got home.When I did have the opportunity ? Pbbbb ! It still did n't do squat -LRB- and this time I knew it was not me ! -RRB- . I checked the cord connections . I checked the attachments , ... and I definitely had it fully charged ! The suction just was not there . It was so minimal that I could n't feel it . I could n't feel anything at all . The blower felt like it would work though , and it did/does ... to a certain degree . It blows the tiiiiniest of dust particles off the surface of the keyboard , if they are n't caught on another piece of dust , but that 's about it . It wo n't blow anything at all out from under the keys . At least , mine wo n't . I think the vacuum might sort-of-work if you take the brush off and place the end flat against the keys , or the screen , but that sounds somewhat destructive on the screen.Unfortunately for me , I threw the packaging away at the home where I opened it so I did n't think I could return it . -LRB- If you know different , I would love to hear that I still can still could -RRB- The description of the vacuum on all of the sites I checked -LRB- 5-7 of them -RRB- list it as , `` A high-powered , 3-way ... '' I 'm sorry -LRB- and I really am ! -RRB- , but that just is n't true for mine . The only thing `` high-powered '' about this vacuum -LRB- that I can see -RRB- is the description...Twenty-five dollars may not sound like much but , to us , it is , and my husband feels badly because he bought this gift for me that does n't do the job it 's supposed to . I still keep turning it on , hoping it will all-of-a-sudden do what it 's supposed to do : -RRB- Live and learn from other 's purchases.As I said before -LRB- to give this vacuum the benefit of the doubt -RRB- , it could be that I did just happen to get a lemon , but I would n't reccommend this vacuum to you . There has to be a better machine out there , which is n't overly expensive . I 'm going to find it ; I still want a vacuum for my computer ! : -RRB- I hope I have given you enough information -LRB- albeit , negative -RRB- to help you find the best computer vacuum for you . On the positive side , the manufacturer included the rechargable batteries , the power cord , the little charging station , which is pretty cool because it holds the attachments very nicely , and the clear blue plastic is really cool.I 'm such an optimist ... I 've got the thing charging again to see if it will do something this time . : -RRB- Have a nice day , and I hope you find a good product .
 It was a relatively short period of time before my logic board in my laptop failed for this first time . Liking Apple programs I decided to be a loyal customer and invest the $ 400 + it took , plus time away from my laptop to send it in and get it fixed . Low and behold 4 months later -LRB- 30 days after the warranty for the repair -RRB- the logic board failed AGAIN ! Being that my computer is so young and that it had been `` repaired '' a short four months prior I called Apple to see what options I had . First , they refused to fix it and then proceeded to hound on me for not getting the extended Applecare when I fist purchased it . Who would have thought that it would die twice in such a short period of time -LRB- 15 Months -RRB- . One might assume that my situation was a fluke but consult the discussion boards on the Apple Support website and you will be suprised at the amount of people with laptops just like mine encountering the same frustrations.Overall both times I dealt with their service department I encountered less than helpful if not a somewhat abrupt employees.I reccomend if you ca n't stand not being hip and have to have the Apple product invest the extra $ 300 in their warranty program -LRB- hmmm ... there goes the great deal -RRB- and plan on spending LOTS of time on the phone with unsympathetic Apple `` Care '' workers .
 I purchasd an Apple from Amazon last month . That is an importnt number but more later on . My puchase has turned out to be a wonderfully attractive but quite expensive battery charger for my ipod . I have a case number with Apple that begins the day after I bought this computer . For the first two weeks the techies said I just had to read more or go to this site etc. . Then I finnally got to tier 2 . After spending the next few weeks doing this utility and this reinstall etc , the proble persisted . Okay I thougth , send me a new computer . Oh but wait , they said yu boufght it from Amazon , talk to them about the computer . By the way it is a smallproblem - it freezes when I try to open programs . Wonderful huh . her 's where the story really gets good and teh 30 days becomes a magical number . Ever try to return something to Amazon after 30 days . Do n't the transaction has been cyberspaced and you are left holding the bag
 Horrible . I bought this because everyone on Amazon said it is ` the best notebook available ' . So , once it arrived it was beautiful ! But , after the first week of using it . . the little apple designed SMUDGED . I 'm not sure HOW that happens , but it sure did . A few days later the computer had scuff marks on it just from being touched and the paint wore off very fast . If i was n't ticked off enough now , I was when the computer constantly would shut down ! Now , this wasnt spyware or a virus because i had n't installed the internet -LRB- thank goodness -RRB- . The computer simply just was malfunctioning . I tried to return it , but they refused to believe that it malfunctioned . Apparently , the customer service people do n't really care if you like their product ! I called them and they said we needed to contact a computer specialist . . and they can be very expensive.We ended up selling the computer since Apple wanted to charge us $ 100 + just to return it.Not good . I did n't have a good experience with this and I refuse to buy any more Apple computer products .
 We bought the ibook to use with our Dell PC based on Apple claims about the ease of switch . Wrong ! Several phone calls -LRB- which is what we wanted to avoid in the first place -RRB- to Apple to get set up with wireless network - Internet worked fine but file swapping has still been troublesome and still can not simply share files . Local dealer said no problem to share printer on network.Wrong , in fact Apple support said they do not support that configuration ! My Canon i960 is not listed on Mac drivers although I have downloaded a Mac Driver from Canon and installed it to some unkown place . So after a week and hours of struggle my wife 's files are trapped in the ibook with no place to go . The computer is fine but do n't go for it if you plan to share with your PC .
 I bought this unit thinking it would solve my travel charging needs . Wrong . I have tried three Sony OEM batteries and the charge light comes on but does n't charge . I have bought the Sony travel charger since . Wish I had done this first and saved the $ 40 for the Digipower paper weight .
 My three -LRB- ! -RRB- TC-741 units burned up while charging Sony NP-FM50 batteries . I recommend using Sony chargers instead .
 Out of the box , ours would not hold a Sony battery in place in order to charge . One would have to physically press it against the charger in order for it to make contact . Even if the contacts worked , the tabs to hold the battery in place would not hold the battery when it was plugged vertically into the wall . I do n't even think wrapping it in tape would work since the tape would relax and the contact would be lost .
 Companies should not be allowed to sell such obviously defective merchandise ... It worked once and fried ... like the other reviewer said , they are happy to replace it -LRB- with another defective product -RRB- , but it 's not worth the postage to send it back . Here is their contact info : Mike A. MizrahiGlobal Sales and DistributionDigipowera Division of Mizco International Inc. 140 58th StreetBuilding B Suite 4GBrooklyn , N.Y. 11220 -LRB-718-RRB- 567-9737 -LRB- 866 -RRB- DG-POWERfax -LRB-718-RRB- 567-0630
 It 's complete garbage . I sent the first one back to the manufacturer for replacement after it stopped working a week after I purchased it . They sent me a second one , well that one worked for all of about five minutes ! ... total rip-off ! not even worth it to send it back this time ...
 French Fried in Paris . Charged one battery and it committed suicide . Ultra fast charging ? How about ultra fast self-destruct ? Do n't waste your money . Wish I had n't .
 I used this twice and the third time I plugged it in , it sparked and now does not light up or charge . What a rip .
 What a piece of crap ! Unfortunately I was not able to find another manufacturer of this type of convenient wall plug-in charger , so I went with the Digipower TC-740 . Well , I liked this item until I charged the higher capacity Canon BP-535 battery pack with it . The charger was supposed to be able to charge this battery . But after about 5 minutes , I smelled smoke and the charger was so hot I could not touch it and the plastic appeared to be a little melted . One of the AC prongs was also so loose it was able to spin completely around . I would not recommend this cheap charger , and I wish I could get my money back .
 Ordered this item because the description said it was for the Canon NB-2L battery . However , when I tried to use it , my battery would not fit . I checked the package , and the packaging actually said that it was for the Canon NB-1L ! I have since sent it back to Amazon , and am hoping that I get a full refund even though the box was open , but it had a false description . I 'm sure it would be a great charger for the batteries that it is made for , but DO NOT get this if you are looking for a charger for your Canon NB-2L battery .
 No recib&iacute; este producto !!! ... como puedo hacer para reclamar que no lleg&oacute; en el paquete con los dem&aacute;s productos entregados ese dia ???
 until todayC I still have not received the goods . why ? I this sunday have to go to China . what should I do ?
 Bough end of November 2012 mid February the thing is already broken . Does n't save , does n't re-format , it 's not even worth sending it back because of the return policy wou be more expensive for me to send it back thatn to go to Wallmart and get one that wporks and if it does n't they do n't care and just give you one that does .
 I bought this for my Digital Camera thinking that this would be a good SDHC card and more than capable write speed . I formatting it , and took it onto vacation to Spain -LRB- I figured one 8 gig card would be enough for pics of the fam , ocean , etc -RRB- . It did n't last two days before I got an error and had to reformat -LRB- it deleted the handful of clips I had on it -RRB- . It was annoying , but I thought it may have been a fluke.About half way through my vaction IT HAPPENED AGAIN . reformatted the card , and everything went back to normal . But ! when I checked the video clips on my PC when I got back , I noticed that the video clips would `` stutter '' as if hung up on something . All my other memory cards -LRB- several 2 gigs -RRB- have never had a problem like that . So basically , most of my clips were unwatchable/useable . Ive learned since , that this is due to the write speed -LRB- thats why people buy faster SD cards , especially for high capacity cards -RRB- . If I had to do it again , I would have gotten a 6.0 speed SDHC card , or just several 2 gig SD cards .
 I bought this for my Digital Camera thinking that this would be a good SDHC card and more than capable write speed . I formatting it , and took it onto vacation to Spain -LRB- I figured one 8 gig card would be enough for pics of the fam , ocean , etc -RRB- . It did n't last two days before I got an error and had to reformat -LRB- it deleted the handful of clips I had on it -RRB- . It was annoying , but I thought it may have been a fluke.About half way through my vaction IT HAPPENED AGAIN . reformatted the card , and everything went back to normal . But ! when I checked the video clips on my PC when I got back , I noticed that the video clips would `` stutter '' as if hung up on something . All my other memory cards -LRB- several 2 gigs -RRB- have never had a problem like that . So basically , most of my clips were unwatchable/useable . Ive learned since , that this is due to the write speed -LRB- thats why people buy faster SD cards , especially for high capacity cards -RRB- . If I had to do it again , I would have gotten a 6.0 speed SDHC card , or just several 2 gig SD cards .
 I put the card in my Camera and shot a bunch of stills and videos with it . The next day it was bad . Neither the camera nor my card reader could read the card . Stay away from this card . Go with another brand .
 I bought 2 of these cards from Amazon . Acouple of days ago I put one in My Canon SX10IS and shot some pictures . I previewed them in the camera and they loooked great.When I tried to transfer them into my computer through my card reader , they froze up the computer . Then I tried to transfer them directly from the camera to the computer with the same result . Then I tried transferring them to a different computer with the same result . I formatted the card and tried it in a Canon A570IS camera with the same results all around . Then I tried the other card . Again the same results . The cards are utterly useless , except for viewing photos in the camera . Amazon should have a better quality assurance program for their merchandise !
 Will not work with an XP machine or a brand new HP printer , either by card slot , card reader or by USB cable . Seeking to return the card .
 I bought this for my Digital Camera thinking that this would be a good SDHC card and more than capable write speed . I formatting it , and took it onto vacation to Spain -LRB- I figured one 8 gig card would be enough for pics of the fam , ocean , etc -RRB- . It did n't last two days before I got an error and had to reformat -LRB- it deleted the handful of clips I had on it -RRB- . It was annoying , but I thought it may have been a fluke.About half way through my vaction IT HAPPENED AGAIN . reformatted the card , and everything went back to normal . But ! when I checked the video clips on my PC when I got back , I noticed that the video clips would `` stutter '' as if hung up on something . All my other memory cards -LRB- several 2 gigs -RRB- have never had a problem like that . So basically , most of my clips were unwatchable/useable . Ive learned since , that this is due to the write speed -LRB- thats why people buy faster SD cards , especially for high capacity cards -RRB- . If I had to do it again , I would have gotten a 6.0 speed SDHC card , or just several 2 gig SD cards .
 Just like title said worked like a champ for 3 - 4 hours then bam dead .
 I purchased this as a gift for two friends of mine who had rushed off to the hospital to have their baby early . Great capacity for a good price ; perfect for taking videos and pictures . Or so I thought.The card worked fine for three pictures taken a few hours before the baby was born . Proud dad went to snap the first picture of his newborn son , and the card had died . The camera would no longer recognize it and take any pictures . Good thing he had a SanDisk card nearby.Three card readers on two different computers , and nothing could read this card . Getting a refund , and telling others to steer clear of Transcend .
 Well , hard to give this a better review than 1 star . I bought this as a gift for my sister , who took a bunch of pictures with it and then recorded some video . At some point in the video , the card got corrupted and lost everything on it , and has failed to work ever since . Recovery disks were used and could not recover anything . After that experience , I would certainly recommend paying more for a more reliable product . It sounds like a number of other people had the same experience , making the 4.5 stars it currently has quite misleading -LRB- hense my reason for writing the same review numerous others have written in hopes of helping others avoid this mistake -RRB- . I believe the product does have a warranty , but considering I was hoping to give my sister a nice gift , not have her waste several hours taking pictures that would be lost because of this product , I do n't think the warranty is worth that much . Also , once you lose all your pictures are you really going to trust the makers of that product again ?
 I am disappointed in the product in that I never received it . I found a good deal on it through Amazon and elected to utilize the free super saver shipping but the package was empty . The envelope was n't very heavy and appeared to have sustained damage and opened up sometime during shipping or processing via the USPS . Upon arrival in my mail box , it was inside a seperate `` apology '' plastic bag from the USPS with no contents . I attempted to resolve the issue through the post office and also sent an email to the vendor prior to this review but met with no success . I PAID BUT NEVER RECEIVED THE PRODUCT - JUST AN EMPTY ENVELOPE !
 Bought the 16GB thinking that I do n't need to carry extra cards all the time . Started using it in my new Nikon D5000 for a week . As it reached 4GB limit , it stopped writing . I thought it may be the camera limit , tried it on my other camera , its the same problem . Thought may be I have to format it , because I never formatted since I got the card , and formatted from my laptop and thats it.The card is no longer being recognized by any of my cameras . Tried to format in different formats , like FAT/FAT32 , no use . Other cards which I have from different manufacturers works great after several reformats but not this one .
 The card worked wonderfully for about 60-70 uses -LRB- a few hundred photos/videos -RRB- over the span of about 4 months , the card was doing its job and I was happy with it . Then unfortunately when we were on vacation with a full days worth of photos , videos and memories collected the card died -LRB- the card was still in the camera and the camera was never opened -RRB- . After trying everything that could be done in software I contacted Transcend and they offered to try and salvage the data by physically opening the card but whatever happened to the card made any data unrecoverable.Luckily I always download photos off the card when returning back to the hotel so the data lost was cut to just that one day . Makes me sort of wish cameras had 2 card slots , one of which could be used for data redundancy . In the 10 + years i 've been using digital cameras this has happened twice now . That actually seems like a very low failure rate to me but when you only have one opportunity to get a shot any failure is a big deal . Canon / Nikon are you listening ? Make that happen please
 Upon the first use it , took approx 800 photos and downloaded then all without trouble.the second time , I was had taken approx 300 photos and then after taking a shot my camera displayed `` can not read card '' I turn the camera off and on and the camera asked me if I wanted to format the card.I removed it from the camera scared I would losse my photos . Once Home I was unable to view the cards information on my PC -LRB- My PC also wanted to format the card -RRB- In the end I had to purchase a $ 40.00 recover card program to retrieve the lost photos -LRB- that worked luckily -RRB- . So this memory card has cost a total of $ 68.00 and could only be used twice.I cant even reformat the card.PS . my Camera works fine with my old 4 Gb cards .
 I 'll never buy Transcend again . It took about 30 photos of my vacation before malfunctioning and rendering itself useless . Unfortunately , I had thrown away the packaging so was unable to return the product . Lesson learned . Hope others can learn from my experience .
 I do not like not like the flash card I ordered from amozon . It will not read in my computer or my HP photo printer . All I can do is look at my pictures on my camera .
 Product failed after only a few uses , which made me lose some very important data . Thanks , Transcend ! I * really * appreciate that .
 this sd card is junk . i used it taking video about 4 times and only 2 hours and it crashed on me ... waste of money in my opinion
 At the start , the memory was working just fine after 20 days of use in my camera that I did n't use a lot , I started getting memory erros , windows could n't format it , I used a Transcend 's software but at the end the same result , I bought another memory and I 've taken over 1000 pictures and I have n't recived any memory 's error , I 'm pretty sure that the Transcend 's memory module was the problem .
 I 'm sure this product would 've been great , except it was never delivered to my home . The shipper reported the address was incorrect while it was the same exact address used for 2 other items on the same order , both of which was received . I would not order a product from this sender .
 Item did not work straight out of the box . Bought a Sandisk Extreme instead , works great .
 I used this card in a digital camera . During a photo shoot , the card became unusable . After investigation it was determined the card had gone corrupt . The data on the card was also unable to be recovered . While this is a pretty good price for an SD card , `` you get what you pay for . ''
 Judging from the number of 5-star reviews vs. 1-star reviews , this product has about a 13 % failure rate . Unfortunately for me mine was among the 13 % . I returned this to Amazon for a refund and will be transcending to another brand . 13 % is too much of a roll of the dice to lose pics I may never be able to capture again .
 Though not the same failure as others , but I did twice get file failures but was able to reformat the card . But the card just fell apart . Split open on one side and I again lost pictures . Now , I could say maybe I did something wrong , but I have over a dozen SD cards and have never had this problem . They all stay in one of my camera cases or a storage case . I have some no-name cheap china made cards that are far better quality . You can even feel the casing is better made on others.With all of the other problems I will just stay away from the transcend brand in the future !
 Mine lasted a little longer than most reviewers here - about 9 months and then failed for no apparent reason . My Panasonic Lumix FZ28 reports `` memory card error - parameter error '' . Tried to reformat the card , which appears as 6.9 Mb , but that failed too . Apparently these reviews are spot on - works great before it fails , but this is basically a lousy product . I have owned many memory cards and never had a failure before this one . I bought 2 of these - one for my grandson - his is still working , but now I 'm concerned it will eventually fail also .
 I purchased this for my Poloroid Camera but I got defective piece . When I inserted this to camera it says card error so not working at all . Brand name is also not so popular so do n't buy it .
 Normally , I do n't write reviews on memory cards because I never had any fail on me . It always just worked with no issues . Transcend will be the first one to take the crown , but it 's the `` first-to-die crown '' . We had this card for about 2 years but only used it maybe 4-5 times -LRB- light use -RRB- . On the 5th time , we took our camera with this Transcend card to Cozumel and it just stopped working after about 20 photos . I 'm sad to report that the first half of our trip is now officially lost . Thanks Transcend . I now know why your prices are cheap .
 I have been an Amazon.com customer for many years and this is the first review I 've ever submitted . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I have been planning an Alaska trip for 3 years , even bought a new Canon SX110IS -LRB- GREAT camera by the way -RRB- for the event . I purchased 2 of the Transcend 2GB SDHC cards from Amazon.com at just under $ 8 each . I definitely got what I paid for . On the second day of the trip I noticed that several of my picture files were `` unreadable '' on the camera . The next day I lost several more . I ended up going to a Best Buy in Billings , Montana to buy a 4GB Sandisk SDHC card for $ 32 , and it has worked beautifully . So whoever buys these Transcend cards and thinks they 're getting such a great deal may want to think again .
 I took this card on a trip recently and on the second to last day , received a `` unable to read card '' error that appeared to have deleted all 150 pictures that I had taken on my trip . $ 100 of data recovery software later , I was able to find most of the pics , although about 20 % of them were missing all or part of the image.I 'm sticking with established brands like sandisk in the future . This company 's product appears to be unreliable .
 Yes , I am another one of those suckers that did n't pay attention to the one star reviews for this item . I wanted to save a few bucks . I got this Transcend SDHC card for a Fuji HS10 camera and took several hundred photos with it . I really wanted to test it . It worked fine . For a while.Then , at a conference , after I had taken about 300 photos with it , mostly of slide presentations , a major glitch happened . I had accidentally hit the record video button on the camera , and so I moved to delete this unwanted video . Now , I had done this `` delete '' function a number of times on the HS10 camera , and never had a problem . There is no way on the HS10 to accidentally delete ALL of your photos all at once with this delete button -LRB- you can do that only if you go through the main menu and activate the `` format '' function -RRB- . As soon as this video got deleted , this card decided that the rest of the stored photos , some 300 of them , also no longer existed.Bummer . Fortunately the great Amazon 30-day warranty was still in effect , and I had saved the packaging . I ordered a Sandisk SDHC 30Mb/sec card -LRB- which does not run much faster on the HS10 , by the way -RRB- . Yesterday , the Sandisk card arrived , and so I sent this Transcend card back to Amazon today for a refund.If you look at all the Amazon reviews , about 20 % of the reviews -LRB- one star to three star -RRB- make some comment about the unreliability of this Transcend card . Can you believe that Amazon actually sells this thing ? Just think , what if 20 % of one brand of new cars sold in this country stopped running days to months after the purchase ? Would anybody sell those cars still?Now , the Sandisk card is about 2.5 times more expensive than this card , so I 'll be REALLY upset if it starts to misbehave also .
 Bought this with my Canon FS200 video camera and it worked fine for about 8 months , then it croaked . Quit working and I tried pretty much everything to reinitialize it with no luck . Bad boot sector parameters unable to recover.Probably wo n't buy a Transcend for a while .
 I just got this memory card , it is like my 5th or 6th SD card -LRB- 1st 8GB -RRB- and it is the only one that every time I plug to my computer the pics I saved on it disappear . It is also the first card in which my computer says there is an error with a picture and therefore it will not save . I thought there was a problem with my camera , but I did the same process -LRB- copy and paste -RRB- to another media and all the pics `` pasted '' to the USB with no error .
 I just got this memory card , it is like my 5th or 6th SD card -LRB- 1st 8GB -RRB- and it is the only one that every time I plug to my computer the pics I saved on it disappear . It is also the first card in which my computer says there is an error with a picture and therefore it will not save . I thought there was a problem with my camera , but I did the same process -LRB- copy and paste -RRB- to another media and all the pics `` pasted '' to the USB with no error .
 I just got this card recently after seeing the good reviews . After a couple days of use , the card starting giving me a write error . I plan to return it . I should have bought a brand name card in the first place .
 I bought this SD card for 2 applications :1 -RRB- I am a musician who records himself and his students practicing with a `` mere '' digital pocket camera -LRB- both aPanasonic Lumix DMC-TZ4K 8.1 MP Digital Camera with 10x Wide Angle MEGA Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB- and aCanon PowerShot A720IS 8MP Digital Camera with 6x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom , depending on which movie format I need -- this card works great in both -RRB- set on `` movie '' mode . I 've reached the point where I 've needed more storage time than I had on the high-performance/speed 2GB Kingston and SanDisk cards I was using , and this card has performed remarkably well .2 -RRB- I also make audio-only recordings of myself , as well as rehearsals and performances of larger ensembles I play with on myZoom H2 Handy Portable Stereo Recorder , and this card should provide about 8-hours of recording time at CD quality . I tend to record at higher quality levels -LRB- up to 96kHz , 24-bit -RRB- , so I need more recording space than most . The device -LRB- advertised to accept up to 16GB SD cards -RRB- takes a while to recognize this card and to format it , but it seems to work pretty well after that.I was VERY impressed with this card , and the price is almost so low it 's scary -- but I believe it 's worth it , at least for recording video . As for audio ... The biggest negative is that once it has a bunch of data on it , it takes a VERY long time to format -LRB- also , the H2 ca n't recognize it -- not even to reformat for its own use -- if it 's been formatted for the Canon , and I have n't had this problem with other SD cards -RRB- . I had it about 1/2 full with . avi files , and it took 15 MINUTES -LRB- !!! -RRB- to format on a Core2 Quad Processor -LRB- Q6600 -RRB- with 4 GB of RAM through the computer 's media port slots -LRB- connected via an internal USB bus -RRB- . Most SD cards of 2GB-4GB take only a matter of SECONDS to format this way ; this card formatted in seconds also the FIRST time , but subsequent attempts have taken MUCH longer , as described above.This has me a bit nervous as to what 's going on . Is the computer having to fix data errors on the card along the way ? What 's the holdup ? I 'm concerned enough that I wo n't be using this card to record my more important gigs -- it will remain in my case as an emergency backup.Recommended with hesitation ...
 On the last day of my trip to Costa Rica I clicked the shutter on a Canon G9 and it beeped several times at me . I tried again , same response . I checked screen and it read `` Card Locked '' . Back in the car I tried everything from setting and unsetting the little lock tab to a new battery . I could n't display any of the 100 + / - photos taken , shoot anymore , or even access functions like `` format '' . Back home neither of our computers recognize it as a device , and my wife 's camera simply says `` no memory card '' when I try it there.All photos are lost and I am returning this `` dead piece of plastic '' tomorrow . I would love to see some statistics on how often this happens and if any brand is more reliable . Trip was great otherwise .
 When transferring my holiday pictures to my Vista PC the process hung up , then the PC re-booted -LRB- only after I removed the card and allowed some recovery routine to run -RRB- . Upon re-boot the card was unreadable on the PC , it simply did not see it . I replaced it in the camera and got `` Card Locked '' even though the locked tab was not in the locked position . Not too impressed with this at all . I 've only had the card 2 months , it was really nice when it worked , fast transfers were great . Not sure what caused the problem , ie PC or card , but I 've lost some nice wilderness shots/footage . ******************* some time later ********************************** I returned the card to Transcend and they quickly sent a replacement card , along with an apology and a $ 5 coupon for their online store . They do seem committed to customer satisfaction which is nice . Shame about the lost data though . I 'd rate the card higher now if I could .
 When used with Canon G10 , it created several corrupted files . I shot in RAW and after 15 shot , I tried to review and the picture shows up , took several more shots and when I tried to to review the previous picture that I can see before now have the big question mark on it and says `` unidentified file '' . The card never left the camera ! Took more pictures and then more files now has that dreaded questions mark.When I got home and uploaded the files , those with the questions mark is now corrupted -LRB- has only 1/4 size , incorrect color etc -RRB- . I reformated the card several times , this same issue happened again.I sent an inquiry to transcend USA 3 days ago and has n't got any reply.Card was formatted in camera several times before use . Camera works fine twith Kingston 6 SDHC 8GB . If they responded , I might edit this review .
 i have a new Canon XSI and i have bought this product i have shot about a 1000 shots -LRB- for 4 days -RRB- in the desert and i did n't have access to a computer then when i went home i have had lost the first ~ 100 shots the computer and camera were unable to view those images ... i formatted the card with the camera once and with my reader once and i have the same result
 Ordered this item on May 27 2008 for $ 32.25 and it died on August 20 2008 . The item was used for few things with very little use during its lifetime . Only 30 day return policy by amazon . Poor!I would recommend that you buy another brand , maybe more expensive as this one did not pass the test . Good thing i always keep a copy of all my flash drives.Hope this helps you guys .
 I received a class 2 4 gb memory with the 8gb class 6 sticker . Amazon refund me the money .
 Tried this card out in the swimming pool in an underwater camera , and it worked fine . Shot video snorkling with sea turtles and tropical fish in Hawaii , went to download , and nothing , put it back in the camera to download from the camera , card error ! Lost everything . I have n't used it since and I will attempt to recover it using the advice from other users . BOTTOM LINE - I bought this card , thinking that I needed a 4GB card - but when added to the shipping , paid $ 17 including shipping , I would have been better off buying two 2 GB cards from any other place -LRB- of higher quality -RRB- .
 I had this memory card for 2 days and it has already failed on me . It was n't overused or abused . I took 3 pictures and 1 video , nothing else .
 I purchased this for my daughter for Christmas ... along with a nice digital camera . The camera works great -LRB- a Canon -RRB- but this card never worked . I tried the camera I own also - which is also a Canon . You ca n't format it because it says it 's locked . It 's not locked though . I tried flipping the switch a few times in case of a glitch but that did n't help . My computer does n't recognize it either.I 'm glad others have ones that work ... kudos to them . But I 've learned my lesson ... you get what you pay for - in camera cards and everything else .
 i had very high expectations but this card dint work in my camcorder ... my camcorder is sdhc supporteed but it never worked ... its just a waste of time for me to buy this
 Worked great for 3 weeks , now the camera -LRB- Canon XS -RRB- ca n't format it or write to it . And since it was given as a gift , the 30 days Amazon gives you to return it for replacement has already expired.Hopefully the manufacturer will honor the `` lifetime warranty '' that it claims on the package.Pretty sure that it was a good deal but not a good value!Update
 Both the cards I bought had problems . One lost data completely and ca n't be used at all now -- and that was after minimal use .
 I bought this item for my Canon Rebel T1iIt 's a great memory . Very fast and excelent for the HD Movie captured by the T1i . This memory fits 80 minutes of HD video.But it lasts only 1 week.I had to RMA.I 'm waiting for new unit . But the fact is
 I bought a new Canon PowerShot SX200 IS camera from Amazon.com with two of these cards as I thought they would be great for the HD video that I was going to take during my Caribbean cruise . My first card failed completely -LRB- says it is locked when it is not -RRB- after a few shots and I thought I was unlucky and tried the other one ... same thing after a few shots . I lost all of my pictures from the first 2 days but luckily I had a 4 gig Kingston with me and it worked perfectly . This camera supports 16 gig cards . . so I am going to return them to Amazon.com and will never touch them again .
 I just bought one of these for my Canon A590 . Seeemed like a really good deal for a 4GB SDHC Class 6 card . Performed well for a few months then `` BAM ! '' - all pictures were lost . Tried several image recovery tools and recovered about 40 % of the media I had acquired over the past week . That 's 60 % of my `` memories '' I lost which are worth a lot more than this piece of trash . Put a little extra money in something you know is reliable . If anyone even mentions data loss in a review , stay away !
 Great price , but photos and videos written to this card by new Canon camera regularly became corrupted -LRB- yellow question mark appears instead of image thumbnail when trying to view on camera -RRB- . Have no such problems with Lexar card .
 Total almost 20 $ , 2 expensive , not recommend ! But I have no choice at that time.Buy it at local store , less than 12 $ !
 I do not understand because they receive this product to me ? when I buy the chamber by 199,00 USD that never have said to me when it comes , 4 GB Class supplied Transcend free to me 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card TS4GSDHC6E and now they receive to me what they promised free to me , I am a good client for a long time and I feel deceived ... If they promise to a product it free to me do not have later to receive , also it will send a letter to the service to the client of Amazon I am not nothing contented
 Neither the camera nor the PC would recognize this card . Sent email to tech support requesting assistance . 2 weeks later and still no response . Card is useless to me .
 Ordered this item Dec. 10 , 2008 and till now Jan. 11 , I have not received the item yet .
 I tried this card with my Canon S5 . Only after several minutes it started to show writing errors . I also bought Kingston 8GB SDHC and it is working like a charm after several days on Tahoe in very cold weather .
 This card caused blue screens in Vista . I am guessing that it is due to the unreliable nature of the card . If you are using Vista , this card is not for you . I will have to buy a relacement SanDisk ...
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this card so slow , also some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are pepared to return it .
 I bought this card just October 2009 . I used this card on my Canon EOS T1i . At first , some pictures got corrupted every now and then . Then two days ago , when I format the card on my camera since it is always acting up , the camera can not save pictures to it anymore . When I try to transfer image the pictures in my computer , the data can not be read by the computer anymore.I also have the 16GB of the same brand SD card , which I bought last December . No such luck ! My T1i almost always can not recognize the card . I have to turn on and off the camera or format it repeatedly before it can recognize it . I think I 'm done with this brand . I ordered the Sandisk SD card now . I hope I will have some luck on this brand .
 I ca n't recommend this brand of SDHC flash.I was on vacation and my entire HD videos captured on my Canon HF100 were lost without warning . I 'm extremely knowledgeable when it comes to electronics & camcorders , and I was baffled . Just be careful with this card.Always reformat -LRB- or `` reinitialize '' -RRB- when you put it in your camcorder.The price has actually gone up on this brand for some bizarre reason . -LRB- I bought with a USB card reader for the same price 1 year ago @ $ 41 -RRB- .
 I bought this to use in a GoPro Helmet Hero HD video camera . At 720p and 60fps settings , the card wo n't keep up with the camera even though some Class 4 cards I 've used will . I 'm going to have to relegate this card to still camera use . I had good luck with the Sandisk 16gb video card which is only rated at Class 4 . SanDisk SDSDHV-016G-A15 16GB Video HD SDHC Card -LRB- Black -RRB-
 I just got this card , and it does not work at all . It will not format.It may be inexpensive , but when I really needed this card , it did not work.Buy a better card - not this one .
 Did n't Work , Sent it back , Would n't ever buy another one . Product should be pulled from being sold and all of them destroyed .
 When the chip is removed from the camera it can not be downloaded by plugging it into the computer -- perhaps this is a Nikon thing -- proprietary so that their software must be used to download only via their software
 The memory card was dead on arrival , so I sent it back and got my money back . Hassel free return process , but it was annoying that I did n't get a working card in time for when I needed it .
 This is the first time I have ever reviewed anything on Amazon in 9-10 years of using it . I bought this product -LRB- Transcend 4 GB Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card -RRB- a couple of months ago -- wanted to download the pictures this weekend and can not do it . Nothing , nada , zilch . Very disappointing . Anyone have tips on what to do to retrieve pics on the card ?
 Still have n't received my order yet because they sent it to somewhere in Washington , which would be fine if I did n't give a shipping address in Florida . After four days , I still have no response to my email from the third party seller , which is apparently located in rural Kazakhstan judging by what they charge to send it to you . Seven bucks for what must be among the smallest , lightest items on the entire Amazon site ? Come on ...
 I saw a great price on the Transcend 8GB SD card and ordered it to use in my new Canon XSi Digital SLR . This SD did not record images in my XSi . I formatted the SD in the camera and tried again with the same disappointing results . All of the SanDisk SD cards have worked in the camera . And with regular rebates on the SanDisk products I 'll probably stick to SanDisk 's SD cards in the future .
 I saw a great price on the Transcend 8GB SD card and ordered it to use in my new Canon XSi Digital SLR . This SD did not record images in my XSi . I formatted the SD in the camera and tried again with the same disappointing results . All of the SanDisk SD cards have worked in the camera . And with regular rebates on the SanDisk products I 'll probably stick to SanDisk 's SD cards in the future .
 Ordered this item on May 27 2008 for $ 32.25 and it died on August 20 2008 . The item was used for few things with very little use during its lifetime . Only 30 day return policy by amazon . Poor!I would recommend that you buy another brand , maybe more expensive as this one did not pass the test . Good thing i always keep a copy of all my flash drives.Hope this helps you guys .
 I used it once and found the card to be defective . Some of the pictures i put on the card were Ok but others when I tried to touch them up and resave the picture , the computer said there were errors with the card . I tried to format the card several times but without seccess . I tossed it in the drawer with the other junk I have.TIM
 Work just fine for about 6 months with a Nikon D90 then in a critical shooting just died no choice to do any recovery , for now on I jut going to use SANDISK EXTREME III.Transcend 8 GB SDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card TS8GSDHC6
 This was the amazon recommended card that popped up when I purchased my Rebel T1i , but the two do not play nicely together.Probably 1 out of every 2 times I turned the camera on , I would get a `` Card error '' - telling me to `` re-insert or re-format the card '' . Turning the camera off/on again usually did the trick , but that 's a pain in the butt , and I lost count of the number of situational photo 's I missed because i was a few seconds too late due to this.Bought a Sandisk 16GB Extreme III the other day and it has not had any issues at all . You get what you pay for .
 This is the only SD card I 've ever had that gave me errors . I have a bunch of Transcend 4gb cards which work ok . This card is garbage . If I shoot a bunch of photos with it , several will have a large rectangular blank space in them . No way to fix the files . This is completely random -- happens on maybe 2 % of the shots I 've taken , but there always are * some * that have this problem . I 'm going to try to return it .
 Owned the card for 3 weeks . Got ~ 2000 shots , lot of which were L+RAW . Worked without problem then . While taking photos today , camera gave me `` card can not be read '' error and the card read as if no photos had been shot . Lost all the photos that were on the card . Reformatted with Disk Utility and then camera -LRB- Rebel XS -RRB- and still was n't reading this one . At the same time , I tried other SD cards in between and it shot fine . After reformatting several times , it works now , but I 'm not going to risk it again . I understand that I might have gotten a lemon , but now I 'm trying another brand.Regardless of what brand you chose , make sure you offload your photos ASAP ! You never know when your card will mysteriously be unreadable !! And the larger the SD card capacity , the greater the loss if your card dies and you have n't offloaded .
 I wish I had researched better before making my purchase . This card ca n't seem to keep up with my camera once it reaches a certain level way below its 16GB capacity . It becomes slow to write and that is not good from some of the situations I find myself in . I probably will shop around , ask some experts and invest in a more expensive card . If you are shooting 2-3MB photos and not shooting HD video , you will be fine and the price is great for that .
 4/5/08 ORDER IS STILL NOT RECIVED ??? BUT I HAVE RECIVED THE CHARGE , ON MY CREAT CARD ???? RALPH FIREBAUGH ...
 Very smple
 I bought one for my Panasonic TZ1 camera , but the camera does not recognize the card . Going to return it.The TZ1 manual says it accepts 8GB SDHC card .4 / 6/2008 : I like to revise my review . The card works on a Casio EX-V8 . So it was not the card 's problem , but the Panasonic TZ1 's problem.I want to give it a 5 star , but have no way to change it .
 I tried this card with my Canon S5 . Only after several minutes it started to show writing errors . I also bought Kingston 8GB SDHC and it is working like a charm after several days on Tahoe in very cold weather .
 This SDHC simply does not work in ANY of devices ; lifedrive , coolpix ... . USB drive for SDHC cards . . A real waste of money and a monumental disappointment .
 58 seconds into your ski run , 58 seconds into your parachute jump , 58 seconds into your dive with the great whites , or 58 seconds into your little ones first time ever ... . Transcend media fails in a GoProHD . The Class designation provided by Transcend is FALSE.Class ratings on SD cards - how fast they record data . The Transcend SDHC Card FAILS at real world speed tests with some cameras.The card is overwhelmed with data after approximately 58 seconds of 720/60f HD data from a GoPro HD camera and stops recording.On less consumer oriented cameras , the buffer in the camera is big enough to deal with the slow write speed up until about 5 minutes , and then the Transcend SD Class 6 card chokes and stops recording.I 've sent multiple contact requests to the US office of Transcend to try and get support , and nothing.In still cameras - no problem , but if you 're shooting video , or thinking about shooting video , this is the wrong card for you . Cheaper cards that are listed as Class 4 work better in the GoPro .
 I have taken 360 photos with this card on my Canon SD1100 IS . Three or four of the images have been corrupted . It is possible that my SD card reader is not compatible with SDHC cards . However I have seen corruption directly on the card via the camera 's PLAY mode . It will show an `` Unidentified Image '' error message . I do n't want to risk losing any more photos , so I will be buying a new SD card .
 I just never received the product and I do n't know how to claim , do n't have the option to make it
 got the memory card to go with a camera i purchased . Needed it for Christmas . The card did not work in my computer nor the camera . I was disapointed since i put the card in the camera Christmas morning and it did n't work . I was out of town with no memory card leaving me with no memories of Christmas . Maybe i should have tried it sooner .
 Amazon has this card group for sale with the Tachyon OPS Helmet Cam , you need a micro sd card for the cam , when will Amazon find out they are putting Two products together that will not work with each other . Had to ask for a refund and then order a new one while sending the wrong one back , plus the time and trouble and wait for the refund and new card , that is why I give this product a one star
 Worked well until Week Six , when it died . Unilaterally changed its own status to `` read only '' -- meaning , you ca n't take more pictures until you buy a new one.This is when I said to myself , `` Maybe I should have read those hundreds of one-star reviews ... ''
 This ca n't be any more worse , but I have not received the memory card even after 10 days of ordering . It was supposed to be with me in 2 days . Highly dissappointing service.Update
 The flash card is working fine so far , but the reason I 'm giving it a one star review is because I order and paid for a 16GB flash card , and Amazon send me a 8GB one . I do n't live in the US . My order was send to some relative 's home in New Jersey while my wife was visiting them , and she did n't knew the details of what I had ordered . I did n't send the item back to Amazon because it would cost more to ship it back to the US than to get a new one .
 The card was defective on arrival . I get `` Memory Card Error '' . The package was horrible -- like the usual Chinese SH . . T , you can end up in emergency room trying to open their `` electronics '' . The card failed immediately . I am looking to buy `` NOT MADE IN CHINA '' . Update : ======= Went to J&R ; and bought the PNY 8 GIG card Made in JAPAN . Works perfectly !
 Let me take about 70 pictures then the card just quit ... would not play back any of the images , and I could not get the pictures uploaded to a computer using a card reader or anything else . I lost all of the pictures of my little girl 's first ballet recital . I tossed this card in the trash and bought a new name-brand one .
 I have bought 3 of these when it was so cheap around $ 3.25 ish -LRB- shipping included -RRB- I was basically fooled by the low price . The product came on time with nicely packaged . I used fine for about 3 months . Techinically used about 4 ~ 5 times . And my camera is able to read it but it can not read from my computer . I tried testing on different computers , but still does n't work . So I would definately say it 's defect -LRB- 2 unopened -RRB- . I actually read lot of reviews sandisk vs transcend before buying . But in the end it was like this . Even though return policy of the store I bought from is 30 days , they gave me full refund on all 3 since the cost of sending to transcend company to re-issue new ones will out price the cost of the card . I guess I 'm going to stick with sandisks from now on . They never failed me with CF on my Canon EOS .
 I bought two of these Transcend 8gb cards and they busted after 8 months . I would never buy these again .
 I can not record in high quality with my digital point and shoot camera without this card chocking after about 10 seconds from not being able to maintain the write speed necessary . I therefore have to film in standard quality or just use it for photos . My 8 GB card with the same write/read speed has no problem maintaining the high quality film setting .
 Did a lot of searching on the web for a class 6 SD card in the 16 GB range . Read the reviews for the Transcend SD 16GB , HC class 6 , mostly positive and at a good price . Card worked great for two months in my camera , then for no apparent reason one day it displayed
 I ordered this memory card to be used on a trip to Central America . It worked while I was down there and once I arrived home , I -LRB- luckily ! -RRB- was able to download most of the photos to my computer before the card began to have problems . After trying multiple avenues to try and read the pictures on the card or even to delete or clear the images from the card neither my computer nor my camera are able to read anything on the card . Corruption errors or reformatting requests pop up when I insert it into the computer.By the time I had taken my trip I was at the 30 day mark of when I purchased the card . Lesson learned for me - I wo n't buy a transcend again nor will I buy it online - too difficult to try and return or get a different version to replace it .
 In my household of five , we own 12 memory cards for various devices . I purchased this card for sole use by my camera . After a year , it failed and died . Of course , this happened after I had shot 80 + priceless photos of a memorable and emotional event . I 've tried various software packages for photo recovery , and have also sent it off to a professional . It is corrupted beyond repair and no photos can be recovered . The other cards we own are Kingston and SanDisk brands . My children have used them for multiple devices , many times , and they are all older than this card . We 've experienced no problems . I will never purchase Transcend again , because I 'll never trust them with valuable memories .
 As with many other posters , I have been using these 16 gb class 6 Transcend cards since about 2009 . Suddenly , without warning , at a family occasion , my camera went black with the message `` memory card error '' , followed by `` card is locked '' . All attempts to unlock the card and continue photographing failed . Attempts to download to 2 separate computers , running special software supposed to retrieve lost and damaged cards have all failed . It is as if it deleted itself entirely without warning . In fact , it freezes up the camera function now as long as it remains inserted . Beware . I have others of this kind with important photos on them also . It leaves me thinking now that this brand can not be trusted 100 % when I have an important occasion to photograph .
 This sd card is garbage . It got stuck in the lock position , and no matter what we try it can not be fixed .
 This card did not work in anything I own except for my laptop . Being a class 6 I hoped it would work in my car stereo -LRB- Phase Linear UV8020 . I would n't recommend it unless you already knew it would work in your device !
 This card did not work in anything I own except for my laptop . Being a class 6 I hoped it would work in my car stereo -LRB- Phase Linear UV8020 . I would n't recommend it unless you already knew it would work in your device !
 It 's a good thing this card was so inexpensive because it worked for all of 12 hours before failing . We lost all the pictures taken during that time because of this shotty memory card . I 'm very disappointed .
 I bought the card for my dslr , that is the only device i used it with . After abour 8 months of use , it just stop working . There was no repairing it . I was thrilled with the card up to that point . I placed and RMA but i will buy an alternative .
 We purchased 2 of these cards last August , one to be used with a Nikon D40x , and one for a new Nikon D5000 . The one being used in the D40x became unreadable within a few weeks , although we were able to recover the images with recovery software after much frustration and some expense in time and money . The one being used in the D5000 survived about a year , but just became unreadable as well . Fortunately , they were not critical pictures . Buy something else . I did , and I 'll let you know how the SanDisk I just ordered works out ...
 I bought this item a few months back for an ASUS Eee PC . Sometime later the Eee PC went south in odd ways , and after some tinkering I managed to isolate the 8 GB flash card as a suspect . I reformatted it and put it in a digital camera to see if I got errors there.It worked fine for a while and then I started to get errors while trying to dump pictures from the card after plugging it into my HP desktop . The first error I recovered the card after a file system repair , the second time the card had to be reformatted . Since I could n't trust it , I tossed it . Incidentally , the HP desktop worked fine with other flash cards.I would say that the card worked fine most of the time in both the Eee PC and the digital camera . Since I have only one sample point to consider , there 's no way I have of knowing if there was a real problem with the product , or if the chip I bought was an `` outlier '' and other chips work fine in general . But I throw out my experience as a data point .
 It 's great to have 8GB of memory but it is a double edged sword . Today after using this card for only the second time , it failed on me . I lost almost 200 precious images - gone forever . I am what you would call an enthusiast or hobbyist . I love photography and spend every spare minute , which is very seldom these days , pursuing my passion . So I do a fair amount of experimentation . These cards are great when they work - but if they fail you even once - the results can be catastrophic . Maybe I am the unlucky 1 of 250 reviewers with a bad experience with this product , but I feel it is my responsibility to report this to everyone . I hope it never happens to you . It is human nature for me to wonder , if I had spent a few more dollars for a better brand name , would my photos be intact today ?
 I tried this card with my Canon S5 . Only after several minutes it started to show writing errors . I also bought Kingston 8GB SDHC and it is working like a charm after several days on Tahoe in very cold weather .
 I used this card in my Canon VIXIA HF200 . It worked great while it lasted , which was less 2 hours of shooting over a 2 week period . Unfortunately , I lost the majority of the footage that I shot of my newborn that I will never be able to get back . I 'm sorry that I did n't look at the review breakdown on this product . Although its rated quite high overall , there 's tons of 1 star reviews . Do n't risk your memories on this card !
 After using this in my Canon Vixia HF200 for less than a month , the card died . I 'm hoping I can get it replaced or refunded . Sorely disappointed because I had some footage on there that I did n't get to take off the card before it died .
 I did like you are thinking of doing , saving a few bucks on a card that you think will probably work OK . I spent thousands on my vacation and thought I 'd save a few bucks on a memory card . Foolish mistake . The card went blank with all my vacation shots on it . I 'd give it one star , but Transcend was kind enough to send my card overseas to see if any of my vacation footage was salvageable . It was n't . SanDisk from now on .
 Terrible product , after a few weeks of use.It is slow , and certainly not running at Class 6 speed . I have Class 2 old cards that run circles around it.Tends to lose files as well.Cannot recommend it .
 I can not rate this product because it was never received . I contacted the company but never received an answer . Amazon should remove this unethical company from their vendor list.Transcend 8 GB SDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card TS8GSDHC6
 I only use it to transfer some files a couple of times and it refused to mount on my Mac using a Transcend USB Card reader . Tried to reformat it with no luck . Figure I will get two smaller cards next time Only good thing is it showed how good Amazon 's return system works .
 Card worked fine for one week then became inaccessible . Lost many pictures from family vacation . Unable to reformat card either .
 This item was shipped with my new camera . However , FUJI says it does not work in their cameras . So why did Amazon recommend it ? My card reader can not read it either . It 's going back .
 Received this as a gift , and after a year and a couple thousand pictures , the card just failed on me -LRB- 16gb transcend sdhc class 6 -RRB- . I put the card into our computer to offload the latest pictures , and it started showing extra directories and files with scrambled names . I proceeded to quickly get the most recent pictures transferred , but then things took a further turn for the worse as I was trying to delete the extra scrambled files . A series of cryptic error messages came up , and now neither the computer nor the camera will even recognize the card as valid anymore . Bugger.I feel lucky that this failure happened after I got our pictures off of it . Thank goodness this did n't happen when we were on vacation . All brands fail , but I 'll probably go with one of the better known brands when I get a replacement .
 it was not what i ordered . i needed this card in a class 6 as ordered not a class 10 i received . there were no return slips or return address so i 'll put it to use . this has been just one bad online shopping experiances i 've had since october and they have been close to horror stories
 Card crashed within two weeks , lost all pics , could only salvage 2 pics out of over 100 . Could not even reformat it . Transcend customer service was no help .
 Yea sure Transcend is a good value . . but that is it . I had one card an 8GB that corrupted for whatever reason and was then only 4GB . I had another card that just simply would n't be read by anything except a dedicated card reader for that type . Camera from computer would n't work or Multi Card reader . A friend of mine has the same problem with her 8GB Transcend , wo n't read from her camera or Multi Reader , only a dedicated . I 'll stick with Sandisk or Kingston . I 've never had problem with them , I have 4 Sandisk and 4 Kingston . They are n't that much more . saves from having to buy another card .
 In my new Canon SX200 camera , it worked for 10 images , then died . I will try another supplier/model for my next purchase .
 I purchased this to use with the Kodak Zi6 mini cam . When I installed this card , the cam started to lock up during playback and did it every time I used it . The cam works fine with another brand card so I assume I got a dud . At any rate , I will never buy another Transcend product .
 I bought this card due to the price , I have never had any problems with an SD card before and I have had about ten . I had a problem with the card one time but I was just playing around with my camera . I formatted the card and it seemed to work fine . But then when I was taking pictures of something important , it did it again and I had to recover the pictures . I dont want to have to keep recovering the pictures or risk losing pictures I take . Definite Return . I have never posted a review before , but had to after this bad experience .
 I purchased a transcend 8 GB flash card for my new leica . I hate it it totally sucks . I lost two days of pictures one of a newborn baby camel . It just took a dump the pictures where recorded but it lost everything1 I would never trust anything from this company again . This has never happened to me i have used many other brands with much success all over the world . This one is GARBAGE
 I bought this card because of the reviews and price , however , I 'd been having a problem the last year with not being able to take consecutive pictures quickly . My camera will sometimes say `` busy '' for 1-3 seconds after I take a photo with flash . It is REALLY annoying . Especially , when I 'm having to ask people to `` wait a second '' and hold the pose for another 2 seconds . It 's such an expensive camera , I could n't understand why . I also asked a ton of people , and they did n't know.I finally went to a camera class and asked the instructor at the break . He was surprised and thought it was my memory card . I needed a faster one . I just bought a sandisk extreme 3 , and I will update after I use it . It was n't that much more but may save me a lot of annoyance .
 The memory card is not working . It shows an error message in the camera when I try to use it , and this is happening when I am having my vacation in Europe . What a bummer?How can I get an exchange or refund?Albert Chiang
 The first time I used it - I was at Met in NYC and I was taking lots of pictures . Suddenly my camera -LRB- Canon Rebel T1i -RRB- complained of card error and asked me to reinsert the card . I turned off the camera and reinserted the card and lo ! All my pictures were gone . It is so sad to lose those wonderful pictures.I am going to see if I can return this item . Maybe I just got a bad piece , but I would n't recommend this item to anyone !
 I tried long time to format this card in my Sanyo Xacti VPC-E2 Digital Camcorder , but ca n't . I checked the manual for these two products , and it seems that I followed all of the procedures but it just ca n't be formatted , and the card ca n't be used .
 I bought this item as extra storage for my eee pc 901 . For the first couple of days , I did not have any problems with saving data to this card . After about two weeks , a couple of the files became corrupt . A week after files began to be corrupted , my eee pc started flickering and not reading the card . I read on the eee pc forum and within Amazon reviews that there is a 33 % failure rate . I got a dud . I am willing to try again given that when it works , it really works well and it is a good value.Crossing fingers ...
 The initial description said `` eligible for free supersaver shipping '' , kept bouncing back and forth between $ 14.00 and $ 13.00 with special offers , then no special offers , free shipping , then no free shipping ... when I finally got it into my cart for the right price and free shipping , it would n't let me buy 2 of them to reach the $ 25.00 minimum !!! ??????
 I never received the produce . I live in an apartment complex . The mail man said heleft the item a the apartment complex rental office and the rental office said they never received it.needless to say , I never received anything.Wilbert A. Henry
 when I ordered the memory card it said in the ad it went with the micro HD recorder and would give me hours of more memory . I was very disappointed when the card I received did not even fit in the recorder . The one needed is the micro SD Not the SDHC card . this is not how you do business .
 I had done some research and decided to buy a new camera . While the camera is not the important part of this review , its the whole reason for it.Ibought the camera and this memory card was recomended to me so I bought it ... BAD idea ! I used this BRAND NEW card in my BRAND NEW camera to take pictures of my second daughters birth . We took about 400 photos and the card didnt respond when hooked up to the computer . So I took it to the camera store $ 80.00 later only 1/3 of the pictures could be rendered from their `` special software '' . To make a long story short , if you get a good deal on a camera PAY EXTRA for a good card it will save you headache .
 I bought 2 of these and I can not use them because they are not formatted for the cameras .
 I purchased a Transcend 4GB Class 6 card -LRB- TS4GSDHC6 -RRB- in October , 2008 along with a Panasonic Lumix DMC-LZ8K camera . Recently -LRB- July , 2010 -RRB- , after infrequent , light use , the camera started indicating errors on the card , and we lost some pictures . I replaced the card with a different brand , and the errors went away , so the problem is definitely the card , not the camera -LRB- which , btw , is a great camera -RRB- . I 'm outside of the Amazon full replacement period , so all I can do is ask Transcend for another card on their lifetime warranty . But I will only use the replacement card when I do n't care about losing the data on it , because this card is really not reliable for anything important .
 Practically , I had to format this item on my computer . It came unformatted . That irked me .
 This memeory card does not work . It will not load up anything to any computer , it keeps wanting us to format the card . I have another moemory card from Transcend and I have the same problems with it as well . I am never buying that brand again . It doesnt work at all !!!
 I was initially satisfied with the item , but it failed completely less than six months after purchase , with sporadic use . Since I 'm outside the US , it 's cheaper for me to buy a new card than to pay for the kind of shipping that would get the item to the manufacturer in the time limit set by them to return it after a request is opened with their customer support service .
 The computer tower did n`t recognize it . I blamed the computerr , but put another memory card in and it recognized it and worked fine . Please do n`t publish this review .
 I just ordered this item and neglected to double check the shipping . I wanted four at this price and seemed like a pretty good deal at $ 10.60 , but the shipping and handling turned out to be $ 21.99 ! I will go to a bricks and mortar store before I pay that.Ordered canceled .
 The Palm TX has a SDHC card slot . This card would not work . In fact , the TXcould n't even ` see ' it when loaded in the slot . There 's no info in the Transcend product description indicating incompatibility with the Palm . Was never able to determine how the card would perform otherwise .
 I 'm not really sure how this thing works . I 'm not literate when it comes to equipment like this , but I could n't get anything to record on this card right out of the box . Am I supposed to do something with it first , before I can record anything ? The directions are horrible and do n't make any sense . As I admitted , I am not literate , but I think I can pretty much figure things out . This issue , I can not . Does anybody have any suggestions so I can change my rating on this?I put the card right into my camera , as well as my computer and it does n't read anything and does n't even acknowledge that it is there . I feel like I wasted my money up to this point .
 The shipment was too expensive , even for very small items as memory.Some items very in delay of one day.Thanks .
 This SDHC simply does not work in ANY of devices ; lifedrive , coolpix ... . USB drive for SDHC cards . . A real waste of money and a monumental disappointment .
 The Palm TX has a SDHC card slot . This card would not work . In fact , the TXcould n't even ` see ' it when loaded in the slot . There 's no info in the Transcend product description indicating incompatibility with the Palm . Was never able to determine how the card would perform otherwise .
 The price for this item was the best , but what I have to warn all of you about is the shipping . If you are ordering more than 1 item from this company , DO NOT believe the shipping chart they show ! This is a complete bait and switch from what is listed on they 're company site shipping list . I ordered 4 of these cards and it all shipped together , my order clearly said that the shipping charge was $ 6.95 for USPS First Class Mail padded pack , that must have cost , maybe $ 5.00 to ship . I was charged $ 27.92 for shipping!I know what you are thinking , that you review your order completely before accepting and I missed it ... I am the fool that missed that these liars charged me the shipping rate x4 ... . well I had ordered about 6 other things from all different companies and somehow I missed this . My fault yes , but just do n't let it be yours!I was going to cancel this order on Sun . morning when I noticed the HUGE shipping cost and they had already emailed me that morning 9/28/08 , saying that they had processed and shipped my order , so I can not cancel it because it has been ` shipped ' already ! On Sunday , through USPS !?! LIARS !! I am stuck paying the highway robbery price of shipping anyways , so I send them a complaint email , through amazon , that I am still waiting on a response from them . Oh , and did I mention , that then 3 days later on Wed. 10/1/08 I get another email from them telling me my items had actually now shipped ! Irony really setting in now , that I had received all other ordered items now except the one I paid the most for ... I could have canceled my order and stopped this rip-off from happening . Yes , I am the fool , but they are the liars . Please spend the extra 5 and order from ANYONE ELSE.Very disappointed and dissatisfied customer !
 My SDHC card was stolen somewhere within Amazon 's shipping department . The outer packaging with my address had not been tampered with nor was it damaged . Inside was the recyclable square package with a zip tab opener that was torn off . Inside were three Transcend pieces of paperwork and my receipt . I checked carefully to see if the actual SDHC card had been inserted without the small plastic case standard for all such cards . Nothing . I opted for the Frustration-Free Packaging to do my bit to Support Green . Never again.The icing on the cake was the standard `` sorry it has not arrived , it must have been lost in shipping , we have issued a refund '' in response to my request for a replacement along with the explanation as above . Apparently Customer Service does not read its emails .
 I have been using the card in my Canon 450 ... twice the camera issued a message , while taking pictures , that the card was unformatted ... Once I get this message I am locked up until I power the camera off , unseat and reseat the card ... then it seems to work fine until I get the next message ... So , I purchased another 8GB card from a different vendor and so far have not had any problems . I got the message once while shooting continuously and I filled the cameras memory ... might be that this card really is n't a class 6 as advertised ...
 I have been using the card in my Canon 450 ... twice the camera issued a message , while taking pictures , that the card was unformatted ... Once I get this message I am locked up until I power the camera off , unseat and reseat the card ... then it seems to work fine until I get the next message ... So , I purchased another 8GB card from a different vendor and so far have not had any problems . I got the message once while shooting continuously and I filled the cameras memory ... might be that this card really is n't a class 6 as advertised ...
 The Transcent 4GB SD memory is worthless . We bought one for our Cannon Digital Camera , used it once for about 5 days on vacation and it stopped working . Could not get it to respond in the camera nor in our computer . All pictures and video lost ! Vendor will not replace -LRB- as if we want another of the same ... -RRB- due to the fact that 30 days have passed since purchase ! -LRB- We were in Costa Rica for 3 weeks ... -RRB- DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY ! DEFECTIVE MERCHANDISE !
 Bought this with a Nikon Coolpix 6100 , and no matter what I did , kept getting write protect error , then looking in the Nikon user manual , only sandisk , toshiba , panasonic and lexar are certified compatible .
 i ordered 2 of these for my hd camcorder , first i formated the card with my camcorder then within maybe 3 or 4 min of footage it said memory full . so i took it out and put it back in and tried once more this time my camcorder hangs up within a few min wont even shut off i have to take the battery out . in disbeleif i tried maybe 15 times all with the same result . so i thought maybe it was just this particular card . i tried the other one and the same problem happened again with my camcorder hanging up and i have to take the battery out . now you may ask well it 's something to do with my camcorder , well i know it 's not i have a class 4 sandisk sd card 2gb and it works in the camera flawlessly and i know my equipment will support up to 8gb sdhc . so my conclusion is maybe it will be ok on my digital camera i do n't know . but i beleive it 's going to work for some people and not for others . i 'm dissapointed seemed like a good deal . maybe like i said it will work in my digital camera but i originally wanted this for my camcorder , so i 'm upset . next time sandisk !
 i ordered 2 of these for my hd camcorder , first i formated the card with my camcorder then within maybe 3 or 4 min of footage it said memory full . so i took it out and put it back in and tried once more this time my camcorder hangs up within a few min wont even shut off i have to take the battery out . in disbeleif i tried maybe 15 times all with the same result . so i thought maybe it was just this particular card . i tried the other one and the same problem happened again with my camcorder hanging up and i have to take the battery out . now you may ask well it 's something to do with my camcorder , well i know it 's not i have a class 4 sandisk sd card 2gb and it works in the camera flawlessly and i know my equipment will support up to 8gb sdhc . so my conclusion is maybe it will be ok on my digital camera i do n't know . but i beleive it 's going to work for some people and not for others . i 'm dissapointed seemed like a good deal . maybe like i said it will work in my digital camera but i originally wanted this for my camcorder , so i 'm upset . next time sandisk !
 I purchased the Transend 8GB SDHC Card in the beginning of August . I put it in my digital camera and it seemed to be OK . I did n't need to use the camera until the end of September and when I turn on the camera , I get a card error . Reformatting does not help and since it is past the Amazon 30 day return period , it turns into a throw away . Moral , if you have money to throw away then buy this memory chip from Amazon .
 I purchased the Transend 8GB SDHC Card in the beginning of August . I put it in my digital camera and it seemed to be OK . I did n't need to use the camera until the end of September and when I turn on the camera , I get a card error . Reformatting does not help and since it is past the Amazon 30 day return period , it turns into a throw away . Moral , if you have money to throw away then buy this memory chip from Amazon .
 The Transcent 8gb card I received was defect , and no camera or computer could find the card when I inserted it . I bought it in California and returned to work with it to Shanghai - so I have no way to sent it back .
 The Transcent 8gb card I received was defect , and no camera or computer could find the card when I inserted it . I bought it in California and returned to work with it to Shanghai - so I have no way to sent it back .
 The Transcent 8gb card I received was defect , and no camera or computer could find the card when I inserted it . I bought it in California and returned to work with it to Shanghai - so I have no way to sent it back .
 It is difficult to write a review for a product that did not work . At all . It was not recognized by my dSLR . Now what made a possibly bad situation worse , in this case , was the fact that this was a new dSLR , and I was trying it out for the first time . So I was not sure if it was the dSLR or the card that was defective . I therefore got an 8GB card from Circuit City -LRB- this was in 2008 , before the bankruptcy -RRB- and tried it with the camera , where it worked , thereby ruling out a problem with the camera , much to my relief.On the positive , Amazon was prompt in accepting the return and applying the credit to my card .
 I only say , it 's a bad card . I can use only a few days . I ca n't use anymore .
 The first failed on second use and was , as always , replaced by Amazon without question : -RRB- That replacement failed after about 14 months . It was only being used in my netbook as additional storage - and so was not subjected to the wear and tear of removal and insertion . Nor does my netbook have heavy use -LRB- being only used on vacation -RRB- It went in , and remained there until failure - which only amounted to about 5 weeks of actual use.During that time period I had bought another of these Transcend 16 GB Class 6 SDHC cards to use in a camera . As I use a card reader to transfer images to the computer this SD card was removed and reinserted several times a month . It failed after about 8 months.In January of this year I had bought another of these , and it failed last month - 5 months of light use in a different digital SLR.I have Kingston and SanDisk 16 GB cards , none of which have failed.Additionally , I have over a dozen Transcend 2-8 GB SDHC cards , none of which have failed either.I can only conclude that either I have experienced a highly improbable event with this 100 % failure rate , or that there is a flaw in the Transcend 16 GB cards.This latter seems much more likely , and I will avoid Transcend cards of more than 8 GB capacity.Today I just bought a SanDisk 32 GB SDHC - though more expensive than the Transcend 32 GB , I have the expectation that it is not as likely to fail.Caveat emptor
 I thought that the card was great and it was until it stopped working . The card is completely dead and I lost a lot of pictures . it didnt get wet or anything and now my camera nor my computer will read it . this made me very angry !
 I bought this to use in my new Asus 1005PR in the SD slot for ReadyBoost . It failed the speed tests not matter what I did ... and I did everything from full format NTFS , to setting the SD driver for increased performance to compressing , all of which others on the web said might get a non speed conforming SD card up to ReadyBoost standards , all of which failed.I suppose this is a good price for an SD of this size , but if you are looking to use this for ReadyBoost you need to go with a higher speed memory .
 This card failed on first full use - the first day of my holiday - and again on subsequent uses in a camera compatible with 16G SDHC cards . I was able to download the photos that had been taken up until the point at which the error occurred.Errors were at multiple points on the card - 6.2 G initially then after a reformat at 9.4 G . This time removing and replacing the card and camera battery revived the card , but it failed again at 9.4 G and stayed dead . Again though I could retrieve the photos using a card reader.The card did compare well to a Sandisk 4G Class 6 SDHC card on speed testing - both took 42 shots in 40s on a Canon Powershot G11.Back to Sandisk . I guess the reliability of the Sandisk cards justifies the extra cost .
 Add me to the list of purchasers who report using the card for a limited amount of time -- in this case for about a month and perhaps five or six separate days of shooting video -- and then having it fail . Would advise potential customers to choose a different manufacturer .
 Well ... what can I say ? Card worked well for a few months when I first bought it in 2008 while I was abroad . When I tried to read pics from it in 2009 , my laptop 's card reader and Sandisk 's external card reader could n't read it . I even tried inserting it into my brother 's desktop reader . No luck.RMA ` ed it with the lifetime warranty , spent a few $ shipping it to them , got a prompt response and RMA replacement . It 's a few months later from that time and the card is unable to be read -- again.Seriously ? I 'd stick with a name-brand SD card from Sandisk.You 're hearing this from someone who rarely hands out 1-star reviews .
 I purchased a Transcend 8GB Class 6 SDHC card in February for use in my Panasonic Lumix DMC-ZS7 camera . I wanted a memory card that was appropriate for still photos as well as a limited amount of video . This card appeared to have very good reviews from a variety of sources . I formatted the card in the camera and took several sample photos , all of which looked great . I then took the camera and card to Africa on a safari trip . Three days and 350 photos into the safari , the card failed completely . While shooting a photo , the camera flashed a write error message and ceased to function . I turned the camera off and then turned it on again . This time , a message on the camera 's LCD screen said to reinsert the card . I turned the camera off , took the card out and reinserted it . When I turned the camera back on , I got a message to insert the card , even though the card had already been reinserted . I went through the entire off-on process again 3 more times but kept getting the same message to insert the card . I gave up and used a 2GB Panasonic SD card I took as a back-up and it worked fine for the rest of the trip.When I got home , I tried to view the data on my Transcend card in 4 different card readers and none of them recognized that the card had been inserted . It was as if the card did n't exist . After unsuccessfully trying to recover my pictures with the help of a Transcend U.S. technical support person -LRB- who was very accessible and willing to help -RRB- , I finally sent the card to Transcend for possible data recovery by their technicians in Taiwan . To Transcend 's credit , they did not hesitate to offer to ship my card to Taiwan in an effort to recover my pictures , and they do not charge for their data recovery service . However , they said it would take up to 3 months before I would get anything back from them and , of course , there was no guaranty that any of my pictures would be recoverable.I have no idea if the failure rate of Transcend cards is more or less than other brands but , be forewarned , these cards do fail . In fact , the exact same problem with the exact same SD card was experienced by another person on our safari . Fortunately , when he got home he was able to recover about 70 % of his pictures -LRB- but none of his video -RRB- using his computer and data recovery software.Needless to say , I am sick over the possible loss of photos that I will probably never be able to replicate . Lesson learned
 I went on a trip . Full day i clicked beautiful pictures and in the evening suddenly this card started throwing read error and became unusable.Peice of crap .
 I had this card -LRB- but Class 10 instead of 6 -RRB- and never had a problem . I have just received my third replacement of the `` class 6 '' card , took 5 photos and when I looked back at them I received `` Unientified Image '' again . The first card I had failed after a day at the aquarium with our 20 month old . Lots of cool videos gone . Returning this and will try class 10 -LRB- even though my cam takes both -RRB-
 It works in my computer flash slot , but doesnt work in my pocket pc , bad HD memory
 Transcend 16 GB Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card TS16GSDHC6E -LSB- Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging -RSB- I bought this memory card and turned out to be corrupt . Keeps giving `` memory card error '' with my canon powershot sx 20is
 I understand this is a relatively rare event , but it does happen , as witnessed by several reviews here . After less than 30 cycles , it simply is not recognized anymore by ANY machine - camera , laptop , desktop . Unfortunately , I lost a quite precious video which I had failed to copy earlier , and only found out too late it was stored in a non-standard directory by my camera -LRB- Panasonic TS3 -RRB- . I will try to have it replaced by Transcend , but the video is gone .
 Transcend gets ` image can not be read ' . Did low-level formatting multiple times with no effect . Its not even good as a backup . Sandisk works perfectly with Canon T1i .
 Bought this SD card when I bought my Canon DSLR . Worked well and the write speeds were really good . I was able to continously shoot 3 RAW+JPEG -LRB- ~ 13Mb -RRB- frames in a second . But , the big day comes and I am preparing to shoot an event . Formatted the SD card , kept it all ready . Took may be 10 pictures at this event and I get a card error . Tried to format again and it failed . Luckily I had a smaller 2GB Kingston with me and ended up just shooting JPEGs.Tried formatting the SD card at home on the desktop and still no luck . Looks like its corrupt .
 I bought 3 of these . 2 of the 3 could not even be formatted . Not worth the hassle of returning .
 I normally do n't write reviews , but I was looking for a new SDHC card and this card came up first in my Amazon search and I remembered the horrors . I brought this along with my Nikon D90 . It worked fine at first , then one not so good evening on the last day of my 3 week long family vacation in Asia trekking thru 6 countries and 9 cities , it just stopped working , camera ca n't read it , computer ca n't read it , and all pictures that were there were lost . The only pics left from our trip was on the little point and shoot I brought along . I guess what they say is true , you do n't need pictures just memories ... Upon my return , I called Transcend and all they can offer is a RMA for replacement . I sent them the replacement via USPS and was told they never recieved it . I should of paid the extra buck for USPS tracking but after losing all the pictures I did n't really care for this card anymore.Be careful !!!
 I was very disappointed with the way this memory card worked . It lasted a short while when the camera I was using could no longer read it as well as my computer and everything else . I will say buying this memory card was a waste of money unless I get my money back . : / sorry to be a downer but I though I was getting a good deal at that was obviously not the case with my TRANSCEND 16 GB memory card .
 I bought this SD memory around first days of December , is December 26th and the status of this stuff is `` in Transit '' I do not understand what that 's really mean , but I think that I will never get it ...
 Never received the chips , or a response from the company I bought them from , even after three emails ... . Never again will I buy from Second Party Company 's ...
 When transferring my holiday pictures to my Vista PC the process hung up , then the PC re-booted -LRB- only after I removed the card and allowed some recovery routine to run -RRB- . Upon re-boot the card was unreadable on the PC , it simply did not see it . I replaced it in the camera and got `` Card Locked '' even though the locked tab was not in the locked position . Not too impressed with this at all . I 've only had the card 2 months , it was really nice when it worked , fast transfers were great . Not sure what caused the problem , ie PC or card , but I 've lost some nice wilderness shots/footage . ******************* some time later ********************************** I returned the card to Transcend and they quickly sent a replacement card , along with an apology and a $ 5 coupon for their online store . They do seem committed to customer satisfaction which is nice . Shame about the lost data though . I 'd rate the card higher now if I could .
 This SDHC simply does not work in ANY of devices ; lifedrive , coolpix ... . USB drive for SDHC cards . . A real waste of money and a monumental disappointment .
 When used with Canon G10 , it created several corrupted files . I shot in RAW and after 15 shot , I tried to review and the picture shows up , took several more shots and when I tried to to review the previous picture that I can see before now have the big question mark on it and says `` unidentified file '' . The card never left the camera ! Took more pictures and then more files now has that dreaded questions mark.When I got home and uploaded the files , those with the questions mark is now corrupted -LRB- has only 1/4 size , incorrect color etc -RRB- . I reformated the card several times , this same issue happened again.I sent an inquiry to transcend USA 3 days ago and has n't got any reply.Card was formatted in camera several times before use . Camera works fine twith Kingston 6 SDHC 8GB . If they responded , I might edit this review .
 The card work the first two or three times I used it . Then it stopped working . I ca n't read or write to it anymore .
 I purchased the product since description said it will work on `` Casio Exilim Z1000/Z600/S600 cameras '' . when I put it in my camera , message said '' card error '' .
 Mine failed within days . . gave `` write error '' messages on all three cameras I tried it in , and could not be formattedAnnoying
 Bought two of these in August 2009 , one is still sluggin along but the other died without any indications of problems . Its dead to the world and nothing will bring it back . Now I 'm worried about the other one .
 The tiny media cards arrived in a huge box ... so much for the environment . But more disappointing , one of the media cards is completely dead after just a few uses . I bought these to be used in a Canon digital SLR and a Dell PC laptop . One media card is completely dead and ca n't be read/formatted by either the camera or the PC . A quick internet search seems to indicate a similar problem with the Transcend cards for other users . Buyer beware .
 After a few days of use with my Nikon CoolPix S3000 , this card suddenly stopped being readable and lost several days worth of pictures . Do not buy .
 i was excited to see this card so cheap . i am having issues transferring data from the card to the computer . i have n't been able to do it at all on my older computer and on my daughters brand new Apple it took a couple try 's . not too happy with this card .
 My Transcend 8 gig SD card failed within a couple weeks of using it . Unfortunately I was overseas on safari when it happened . Very disappointing . The camera said something like `` disc error '' and I re-formatted it -LRB- losing the pix I had shot -RRB- and it still would not work . I would never buy Transcend again .
 I just got this card recently after seeing the good reviews . After a couple days of use , the card starting giving me a write error . I plan to return it . I should have bought a brand name card in the first place .
 I started getting the write protect error right after I took the card out to download pictures for the first time . Seemed that the edge of the card , with the write protect tab , was rubbing against the edge of the compartment and engaging when I tried to put the card back into the camera . I was able to finagle it a few times but eventually , the lock tab broke off and now I ca n't write to it at all . Fortunately , I can still read the pictures that are stored on it . I 'm dumping them to my Mac and then throwing this card out . Wo n't buy this brand again .
 This card is n't reliable ... i lost all my pictures after the card could n't be read by my camera and my laptop . It would n't let me format it either ... do n't buy this product ... i am speaking from my experience
 This card was to be used in my Canon Vixia HF100 camcorder and Canon SD800 still camera . After its 1st use it has developed a corrupt file system . I 'm not able to format it , as the file system is only recognized as RAW at this point . Sometimes the Windows command prompt function `` CHKDSK / R '' will fix problems with a bad index or file corruptions -LRB- accessed via Start -- > Run -- > cmd -RRB- , but I ca n't even get that far.My A-DATA 16GB SDHC C-6 has worked beautifully for > 1 month and is less costly -LRB- per GB , of course ! -RRB- & faster than this model -LRB- using the Vixia HF100 and SD800 camera -RRB- . Given others ' ratings , I must acknowledge that my experience is likely the result of some fairly rare production anomaly ... I suppose even more reason to document it ... I 'm pursuing support options now & will report from that vantage point next . I will update this review and/or associated * rating with any change -LRB- s -RRB- , as warranted .
 I ordered this product to take on my honeymoon . Halfway through , my digital camera stopped reading it and all pictures were lost . I sent the product back and received a replacement . Thus far , I have not had an issue . But if you are planning on using this card for important pictures , I would purchase a more dependable brand .
 Bought this card at the end of 2008 but only used it couple times since , so I go to us it in my new camera I bought from Amazon and guess what message on camera tells me that card is locked , tried unlocking it 20 times doesnt help put it is my laptop same shhhit so I would n't buy it or recommend it to anyone it suuuuucks TRANSCEND never again spent an extra 5 more dollars and but something better .
 Dead after 14 Months . No warning!Have switched to Sandisc Extreme.Glad I had a backup of the RAW photos!If your photos are very important or have commercial value stick with the Sandisc or other pro quality media . Panasonic , Lexar.Warranty is for two years ... I will advise how well or not Transcend does!I sent this off to transcend . They responded by telling me it was an apparent counterfeit . !! This came from Amazon . The seller failed to make good on it and Amazon is party to this fraud too.I do n't know who to believe either ! Could it be that trancend just does n't stand behind their product . . or is Amazon doing a shit job of vetting vendors ?? No more trancend for me nor the vendor . I will stick with sandisk . U ca n't give a zero rating otherwise i would !
 This 8GB card works only in a new EeePC . It does not work in an older HP Pavilion notebook PC or in a Samsung 6.0 Megapixel digital camera . I had hoped to be able to use it to transfer data between my notebooks but it will not : - -LRB-
 I bought a Transcend 4 GB memory card and it is defective . You might consider buying your memory cards locally since it really does n't pay to mail it back then have them mail you one again . UPDATE
 It does not work . This the first time that I have ever purchased anything from Amazon , and I was not pleased with the product . I found out that this item did not work too late after the deadline to return it . I placed it in my camcorder a few days after it arrived . I tried to work my camcorder , and nothing happened .
 It works fine in my Cannon camera , but I ca n't download it to ma Vista Dell computer . My card reader which reads 4 gb cards ca n't read this one and my computer just stalls untill I take it out . That makes this card worthless . I would like one that works .
 I recently purchase this product 2 months ago , works fine for 1 month ; but suddenly it was 4 gbytes lost ! . I do n't know what happen , now I 'm the proudly owner of a piece of High Technology with 12 Gbytes working and 4 Gbytes hidden.It was the last time that I bought something from this brand .
 I bought this Transend card for my Canon HF10 . I have used it a lot , but never filled it up , always retrieved the video to HD , all seemed ok.When I went to Disney Wold , I set my camera to record on this card fisrt , then the internal memory . At about 7GB , the camera stopped recording and showed the `` initialize the card with the camcorder '' message . First time I have seen this . I could no longer even view the contents.I switched to the internal memory , plus filled another 8 GB Kingston with no issues.I came home , put the Transend card in to the reader , nothing . The PC prompts me to format it . Neither the camera nor the reader can access it . I lost one day 's worth of video from Disney . I suspected something was wrong with it , so was able to retake some of the video -LRB- safari is gone though -RRB- , bummer ... Now , is it the camera or the card ? Hard to say but I suspect the card , because I have other cards -LRB- kingston and sandisk -RRB- and they never gave me a problem like that.I wonder if the saying `` you get what you pay for '' came true with this one.I can no longer take chances with this brand , and it will go into the garbage.I suggest you pay a little more for a better brand to have peace of mind .
 The card has worked fine for the past few months . I turned on my camera this evening and my camera gave an error saying it needed to be formatted . Luckily I only lost the last 10 or so pictures I 'd taken but it was annoying to have the card die so soon . This card has tons of reviews and a very high rating so I may have just gotten a dud . I 'm trying another Transcend model to see if I get better results .
 I purchased the Transcend 16Gb last August . It failed in May of 2009 . I lost all the video and photos associated with this large 16Gb card . Never had trouble before , just a complete failure one day . I carried it with two 8Gb cards from another manufacturer and they did not fail . Hence , this card was not subject to anything that other cards could cope with . Regretful , I liked the size and speed .
 Worked out of the box , but died after 2 weeks , just in time for my daughter 's 10 birthday party , which is why I bought the broke-down thing to begin with . Nothing I could do would bring it back , including using Panasonic 's low-level formatting utility . Thankfully , Amazon 's RMA policy = 5 stars .
 I purchased this and it came very fast . I used it for my oldest Child 's pre-K graduation . I took a 10minute video and when I went to retreive it from the camera , it was gone . I formatted the memory card as I was supposed to per the camera instructions . I then used a memory restorer that I had to purchase and it found it but it still ca n't play the file . Besides losing the video , everything else has worked and the capacity is excellent . If I could get back the video somehow I would give this 5 stars .
 Loved it for 3 months , fast , cheap , perfect . Then it lost 200 images , luckily not critical . I suspected a problem . Then I went on vacation , had to come home for something else , and uploaded the pictures . Out of maybe 300 , it transfered 10 or so and then everything just dissappeared . No images on Disk . Not happy . Luckiliy it was n't a wedding or something.I have a Nikon D80 , and it works great with my other cards . The Transcend is tagged for destruction unless I can return it or something .
 The card work the first two or three times I used it . Then it stopped working . I ca n't read or write to it anymore .
 I would not recommend this card for any use where you ca n't afford to lose data . The card although quite speedy , failed on reading out images and movies on it 's third use . The card now shows only 11 GB and the only way I was able to get some of my images back was with a data recovery software which read the low level blocks . I suspect one of the banks on the flash failed taking about a quarter of my images with it.My experience does not seem to be unique . Unfortunately , I did n't read the other reviews before I placed my order . I have an 8GB Transcend SDHC which has worked flawlessly for over a year , so I thought I could extrapolate form that experience : - -LRB- Hopefully , I 'll be able to get my money back . Even if Transcend replaces it , I doubt that I would ever use it out of fear of losing valuable pictures .
 Had this card for about a year , and it worked well until 2 days ago . I had it in my Nikon D5000 and got the error , `` Unable to Format Card . Card May Be Defective . '' Luckily I found a utility online to recover the pictures I had and I was able to re-format the card . It worked for another day and now I 'm getting the error again.I tried cleaning the contacts w / a cotton swab , and even tried inserting the card while locked & unlocked - did n't make a difference . Hopefully , theSanDisk 16GB Extreme - SDHC Class 10 High Performance memory card -LRB- SDSDX3-016G-P31 , Retail Packaging -RRB- - NEW 30MB/s versionI just bought will last longer .
 This item stopped working within 3 days . I sent it back , but Beach Camera could not guarantee my money back . I got some San Disk Extreme 3 8GB cards instead . I would not bother with this , though the price is right , according to the reviews , it has about a 20 % chance of failure , and nonrecovery of photos . The SanDisk cards come with a lifetime warrenty and recovery software . Just spend a little extra and get the good cards .
 I bought this card just before vacation for its high capacity , and filled it with pics and videos while I was away . After I filled it , I stopped at a store and bought another 16GB SDHC card made by PNY so I could continue taking photos . When I got home I uploaded the pics from the PNY card , switched to this Transcend card , and tried to upload the pics from it . The software , however , showed no pictures on the card . I tried the windows camera software , but that did n't work either . I downloaded a memory card recovery utility and tried to scan the card for any sign of the pictures . Nothing . All sectors on the card came up bad . Devastating.Purchase this card to your own peril ! I have been using digital cameras since they were invented and never has this happened to me before . The feeling of loss I feel will not be erased by the refund I get when I send it back . I ca n't believe this !
 This card worked perfectly in my T1i , but sadly after 5 months it failed completely with no warning . The camera just failed to recognise it just after having taken some photos - it was n't removed from camera or anything . It had probably only had 10 fill/empty cycles in that time .
 I used this card in my HD video camera , and it died after 10 months . I lost several weeks of videos and photos .
 I 've had many digital cameras over the last 15 years , with various memory flash cards . This is the first time I 've experienced a failure like this . It should not happen.First let me say that static electricity , temperature or mishandling were not an issue.I wanted to download some pictures I took , but some could not be downloaded because `` they did not contain valid jpg data '' -LRB- which they obviously did contain , because it was generated by a camera -RRB- . I got off the pictures I could and then ran some simple diagnostic tests on the flash that I have on my pc . It appeared that at least one full erase line was bad . Things then got worse as I ran more tests and then the chip became totally unusable . Could n't be formatted , nothing.In a flash writing is done in a fairly complicated manner . Where a block of data is actually located is independent of its logical block address and it can really be anywhere on the device . The device maintains a table that it keeps in the flash . Thus if this gets corrupted you are screwed.And you can go from mild problems to complete chip death very quickly . If you ever have problems with corrupt data on a flash get off what good data you can and throw the chip away . That glitch will eventually rotate in to a critical spot to haunt you.So , bottom line , , do n't buy this brand . As the other readers comments show , there are a lot of better chips out there . Why take pictures if you can never get them again ? Do n't risk it .
 I saw a great price on the Transcend 8GB SD card and ordered it to use in my new Canon XSi Digital SLR . This SD did not record images in my XSi . I formatted the SD in the camera and tried again with the same disappointing results . All of the SanDisk SD cards have worked in the camera . And with regular rebates on the SanDisk products I 'll probably stick to SanDisk 's SD cards in the future .
 This item read that it is in a retail package . An envelope with a upc sticker on the outside is not a retail package to me .
 THIS IS BY FAR THE WORST EXPERIENCE I HAVE HAD ON AMAZON YET . I WAS ORIGINALLY SUPPOSE TO RECEIVE THIS ITEM AS PART OF THE CYBER MONDAY DEAL THAT AMAZON WAS HAVING . I BOUGHT A CANNON A495 WHICH WAS SUPPOSE TO HAVE A FREE MEMORY CARD . WELL MY ORDER CAME IN EXCEPT THERE WAS NO MEMORY CARD . SO I CALLED AMAZON THREE TIMES AND THEY KEPT GIVING ME THE SAME SOB STORY THAT THEY COULD N'T DO ANYTHING . THE FINAL TIME I CALLED I SPOKE TO ONE OF THEIR REPRESENTATIVES NAMED SARAH WHO SAID THEY WOULD HELP . THEY TOLD ME I SHOULD REORDER THE MEMORY CARD AND THEY WOULD REFUND MY MONEY ONCE IT CAME IN . WELL I DID EXACTLY WHAT THEY SAID I RECEIVED AN EMAIL WITH A TRACKING NUMBER . WHEN I USED THE TRACKING NUMBER IT SAID THE PACKAGE WAS ALREADY DELIVERED BUT I NEVER RECEIVED IT . SO HERE I AM WRITING THIS REVIEW BECAUSE AMAZON AND THIS SELLER FAILED TO LIVE UP TO THEIR END OF THE BARGAIN .
 I bought a 16GB Transcend SDHC Class 6 card for my Olympus SP-800UZ . It worked fine when I tested it before my trip to Washington DC . I formatted the card in my camera and also took pictures to make sure the card is good . Throughout my 2 day trip , everything was fine . I took about 300 photos . But when I returned and put the card in my PC 's card reader , it made my computer sluggish and from then on , I could not access the card and the PC only recognized it as a 512KB card . Contacted Transcend . They replied with a standard answer and a freeware for recovering files . Did not work . I emailed back and I did n't hear from them again . Now , I 'm trying to format it , but even then , I ca n't detect the card anymore.This is the worst experience I have with a flash card . Will definitely skip Transcend and stick to my other trusted brands in future .
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this card so slow , also some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are pepared to return it .
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this SD card slow -LRB- especially for video -RRB- , some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are prepared to return it .
 Very smple
 4/5/08 ORDER IS STILL NOT RECIVED ??? BUT I HAVE RECIVED THE CHARGE , ON MY CREAT CARD ???? RALPH FIREBAUGH ...
 I purchased this memory along with a Canon XSi . The card would allow the camera to take pictures and would save them to be viewed via the camera 's preview function , but I could not download any of the pictures to a computer or printer . I could n't even recover the files using some high end data recovery software . I have since been using several of my 1GB Sandisk memory cards that I use with my point-and-shoot cameras and they work perfectly . Do n't waste your money on this worthless piece of silicon and plastic . It 's not worth the hassle .
 I got it as Amazon Frustration-Free Packaging.When I got this product Card case was totally broken and some part of the card was broken so this Memory card opened slightly.Looks like a huge truck ran over it.The card works but card 's body is partially broken.I 'm not happy with it.Feels like using a memory card which someone thrown out .
 I am writing this review so no gets fooled and buys a `` transcend memory card along with Sony DPF '' the reason is if you have a sony camera it uses separate memory card which can be directly inerted into the sony DPF . I bought this Transcend memory card but there is no way I can save the pictures from my computer to this transcend SDHc card . This is complete waste of money for me as I have no other product I can use this card for . I also do not have a memory card reader . Please do not buy this card unless you have a compatible camera in which this memory card fits . Transcend SDHC memory card does not fit for any SONY camera .
 I ordered a Transcend 8Gig SDHC card and I received a Lexar 4Gig SDHC instead ... I live in Trinidad -LRB- West Indies -RRB- , so returning is a bit of a problem . The HD videos take up a lot of memory . . I took a bunch of them at a Church Sports and family day a couple days ago and there is not a whole lot of room left for pics ... I find this very distasteful and the customer service very poor in this regard to say the very least .
 The micro disk was the wrong size yet you suggested it for my main purchase . The one should have been the MICRO DISK . Now I am stuck with a disk that is too large for my product !!!
 Transcend 8 GB Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card TS8GSDHC6I 'm very dissatisfied - I have never received the items and there does n't seem to be any customer service available to help me . I 've been billed no problem . . They tried to track it and no one knows where it is . . So I 'm not to happy and I can not rate or give a review on a item I never received.HELP !!!
 Very disappointed with this product , I can not open it in any of my three computers . The only way to retreat photos is to plug the camera to the computer .
 I 've used Transcend SD cards in the past with mixed results . This particular card had a complete loss of data & formatting several times in my Canon XSi , which was of course very frustrating because I lost all my pictures . Fortunately it failed early in the shoot and I switched to a much higher-quality PNY SDHC card , which has always been reliable , but had I been shooting with live subjects it would have been quite embarassing . My only option , unfortunately , is to return the card under warranty to Transcend for a replacement . The problem there is that I do n't really want a replacement , but that 's what I get for buying a cheap card . I 'll have to use it somewhere non-critical .
 I purchased this card because I needed the record speed found in Class 6 cards . However , when I received the card and checked the internal information of it , I found that it was in fact a Class 4 card labeled as a Class 6 one . Transcend did not return my email concerning this issue .
 Broke after second use ... buy a different comapanies card . I read other peoples reviews that had simalar issues . Lost lots of pictures of course .
 I wanted a reliable 16 GB SDHC card to create an emergency bootable disk for my MacBook Pro . This one provides enough space for the operating system -LRB- without the printer drivers and language support -RRB- and some additional diagnostic tools . I also purchased a second one to use with Time Machine . The big but is that after four months of minimal use they both just stopped working . I was unable to access them with my Mac or with file recovery software or even reformat them . Would strongly recommend a more reliable brand .
 Bought it in a hurry on one of those `` This + This '' deals with other items as well . Ordered a Panasonic ZS3 -LRB- from a different seller -RRB- with next day shipping along with this SDHC chip . I reviewed the order that evening and saw the $ 30.00 ship on the chip then saw they could n't even deliver next day . $ 30.00 is too much for next day + they ca n't even do it . Amazon says deal with Chitek . Read the instructions for leaving seller feedback . Incorrect . No more time to fiddle with this.Chitek CorpWill not budge on the $ 30.00 .
 I have tried this SD card in several computers . It does not recognize the SD . I called the manufacture and they suggested buying a card reader to plug into my computer . So make sure to include the card reader in your purchase price .
 It works in my computer flash slot , but doesnt work in my pocket pc , bad HD memory
 I bought one for my Panasonic TZ1 camera , but the camera does not recognize the card . Going to return it.The TZ1 manual says it accepts 8GB SDHC card .4 / 6/2008 : I like to revise my review . The card works on a Casio EX-V8 . So it was not the card 's problem , but the Panasonic TZ1 's problem.I want to give it a 5 star , but have no way to change it .
 This card is for special devices that take a super high capacity SD card . I do n't think the description had sufficient disclaimer because most SD cards are universally compatible with one another.Now I 'm out $ 14 , have a card I ca n't use , and of course I ca n't return it because my kid tore the package open before we realized the mistake . Amazon can do a better job to prevent this type of mistake .
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this SD card slow -LRB- especially for video -RRB- , some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are prepared to return it .
 This purchase was a mistake . I mistakenly read 8GB , when I should have seen 8MB , so I can not even use this product for the purpose intended .
 I purchased the product since description said it will work on `` Casio Exilim Z1000/Z600/S600 cameras '' . when I put it in my camera , message said '' card error '' .
 The shipment was too expensive , even for very small items as memory.Some items very in delay of one day.Thanks .
 This item was not working when got it so i am letting you know that do not purchaase from this dealer there product is no good .
 Where to begin : I bought two of these cards last summer to use with my Canon VIXIA HF200 camcorder . They worked GREAT ... until they failed for no reason whatsoever . The first card failed within the first six months after purchase . The video in the card was n't particularly important , but I was disappointed nonetheless . Transcend claims to have a `` Lifetime Warranty '' on their products , so I completed an RMA and sent off the card . I received a new one a couple of weeks later . In September of this year , I went to see some relatives overseas with my wife . We made interviews with my grandparents both of whom are closed to the end of their lives . I was capturing these memories for posterity , but then guess what happened
 Performed well in HD video camera as well as digital still camera.But failed after only about 4 or 5 cycles , which is scary when you are relying on these units for once-in-a-lifetime image capture.I am an electrical engineer and I know how to treat semiconductor devices to prevent static discharge failures . This failure appears to be a single sector of the flash memory that prevents the camera from writing file access tables , which of course ends up making the entire card useless.In fairness to Transcend , I have two other 16BG cards that have not failed -- yet .
 I have a Panasonic DMC-ZS3 which requires class 6 memory . When I am recording video at the highest quality , the card can not keep up with the write speeds and my videos are cancelled due to the write speed of the card . Maybe 5 % of the time I get a video that records as long as I want it to . This card is garbage .
 This is the first time I have used these cards they worked well for a small wedding the big question is how well will they work in the long run ???? I did hook them up to a card reader and low and behold one of the cards was not showing up . I tried like 4 times and it finally showed up on the computer and all of the files were on the disc but the fact it took me so many tries to get it to down load was a big deal breaker .
 I purchased one of these memory cards to document my trip on . After a couple days of taking photos I went back to review the photos and saw only thumbnails . When I tried to review the pictures full size they were just garbage . I would not trust transcend again if you paid me . When you 're talking about priceless photos from a vacation that ca n't be taken again , you need to be able to trust your SDHC card .
 I bought this item with a camera a month ago . Just after taking 20 pictures , any picture i take they tell me `` card can not be read '' . Now i hv no use for it and have to buy another memory card . I do n't advice anyone to purchase this item.It is waste of money and a total disappointment .
 Bought 2 of these last year . Took about 40 photos the other day of various flowers to download for my wife.Put the chip into my laptop card reader and started looking at the pictures and all of a sudden I started getting those little beeps you get when you plug in a new card , etc. . And then , it was gone . Took out an reloaded , nothing . Put back into my camera -LRB- Nikon D5000 -RRB- error message , card defective ! As with others , not a lot of use on the card , it just died.Ordered new SanDisk cards last night and will be pulling my other transcend cards . Less expensive ? they were but consideringthe results , far too costly .
 I bought many of these cards , being a good value , with nice performance & storage for the money . I ignored the bad reviews here and focused on the good ones ... Well , one of the cards suddenly died after a few weeks . With hundreds of un-recoverable photos and videos . The card is not recognized on the camera or any computer , so you ca n't even use a recovery program . I hope I will still be able to find a way and recover all the data.I quickly backed up all the data of the additional cards I have , and will do this very often ... BEWARE ! Spend the few extra bucks for a SanDisk . It 's well worth it !!
 I 'm not sure what the heck happened with the brand spanking new memory cards I used to photograph a wedding , but when you get a message that your card is corrupted , it 's not necessarily what you want to see.Luckily I was able to recover the photos , but I am done using Transcend cards .
 This product shows up on the search as working with Canon PowerShot SD500 Digital ELPH , but I got the following error message
 The class 6 rating must not be for sustained use as my Sandisk Ultra class 4 8GB outperforms this card . When used in my Canon t2i this Transcend card can not write fast enough and long enough for me to do continuous HD video for more than a few seconds without interruption . This has never been a problem with my Sandisk Ultra class 4 . As long as I do n't use this Transcend card for video -LRB- the reason I bought it -RRB- it seems to perform well enough , and it is pretty cheap for the capacity , thus the 2 stars instead of 1 .
 I bought this card to take on my 15-day Yucatan vacation . I shot about 300 photos . When I got home and inserted the card into my card reader , Windows Explorer recognized the full range of photos . I selected all to copy , and after copying about 3 photos there was a pop-up saying the drive was empty . Go back and look at the drive in Explorer , it looks empty . The only way I could get those photos off the card and onto my PC was to copy 3 at a time , put the card back in the camera , delete those 3 from the card in the camera , upload the next 3 . I eventually got all my photos , but that was NOT a fun project.The card is now in the electronic waste pile .
 It worked as advertised ... for 8 weeks.Then it just broke . I have tried formatting it from Windows , Mac Os , Linux , using fdisk , using cameras , using gadgets , and nothing.Just stopped working ...
 Card never worked.Neither my camcorder nor Windows computer could ever format it . Save your money . Buy another card .
 It 's great to have 8GB of memory but it is a double edged sword . Today after using this card for only the second time , it failed on me . I lost almost 200 precious images - gone forever . I am what you would call an enthusiast or hobbyist . I love photography and spend every spare minute , which is very seldom these days , pursuing my passion . So I do a fair amount of experimentation . These cards are great when they work - but if they fail you even once - the results can be catastrophic . Maybe I am the unlucky 1 of 250 reviewers with a bad experience with this product , but I feel it is my responsibility to report this to everyone . I hope it never happens to you . It is human nature for me to wonder , if I had spent a few more dollars for a better brand name , would my photos be intact today ?
 This memory card is too large for the DELL Axim PDA . Apparently the PDA will only support a 4g card .
 The memory card would never format in my camera , although several others could . Good news ... I sent it back !
 I bought this thinking I could use it with my digital photo frame but I can not load photos on it because my neither my pc -LRB- 2 years old -RRB- or my sd card reader are compatible with SD HC . I went to Frys to try to get a newer SD card reader but they advised me that none of the card readers say on the packaging that they are compatible - this may mean that they work or they might not . I therefore had to send this back and settle for a regular 2 GB SD card.However ... This was shipped to me very quickly and it was ultimately my mistake for not realizing this was not an SD card that I was used to .
 i bought 4 of these , and all of them were dead on arival . amazon took care of the refund though
 Transcend 4 GB SDHC Class 6 Flash Memory Card TS4GSDHC6This card does n't work in my camera . I have tried to reformat it and it still does n't work . Cheap , but why waste your money .
 I bought this Transcend 8 GB Card along with a Canon XSI Camera . This card was recommended as a card to work well with the Canon and was being sold as an add on . I read a review of a guy who it worked well for with this camera . Well when I got it it would n't work with any of 3 Canon cameras . It kept giving error messages and also wanted to be formatted . I did format it a number of times with no success . I was asked to rate the Company I purchased the card from , Eke Technology , and to email them before I would leave any bad feedback . I emailed them about 4 weeks ago and no answer . So Im forced to report that they seem to be a bad , unreliable company that apparently will not stand behind their products . Now Im stuck with a card that will not work and lost my money .
 It does its job well . BUT , I was not able to read it in on my computer . You 'll have to check to see if your computer can read this device ... go to the Transcend site to find out before you buy . It obviously is n't backward compatible . Therefore , 2 stars is generous ... got to be able to read what 's on there !
 I just got this card recently after seeing the good reviews . After a couple days of use , the card starting giving me a write error . I plan to return it . I should have bought a brand name card in the first place .
 Mine failed within days . . gave `` write error '' messages on all three cameras I tried it in , and could not be formattedAnnoying
 Tried using this card for 1080p and 720p video on a Canon Rebel T2i . . couldnt handle it , video was very very choppy and unusable . . go with a brand name card
 I rate your return policy and card as `` bad '' for the following reasons : Reason 1-The card does not work!Reason 2-Repeatly requested to exchange flash card -LRB- not a refund ! -RRB- You refunded me only the cost of the item but NOT the shipping.Reason 3-I paid for shipping twice ! $ 3.99 original cost plus $ 4.00 -LRB- cert mail -RRB- to return the defective item back to you . So , I paid 7.99 for absolutely NOTHING!I have a real sour taste in my mouth ! I just wanted to have my defective flash card replaced . Can you do that ? minus the shpping ? I am willing to pay for the card ! I just do not want to have to pay for the shipping again . Do you folks ready care ?? Why even bother with surveys ...
 I will never buy a transcend product ever again ! After using this a few times in my camera , it went dead . You get what you pay for .
 The user rating for this item is inaccurate . Those who 've rated this card must have no other cards to compare to , this card is horrible . This is one of the slowest SD cards I 've used since 2008 , it certainly is not a Class 6 . The max read speed I 'm able to obtain is 4.5 to 5 mbs , which is horrible . I have a 8 gig MicroSD -LRB- TS8GUSDHC6 -RRB- which gets 8 mbs read easy . I will not be buying anymore SD cards from Amazon . I 'll stick with their competitor because the user ratings on their site are much more accurate .
 The product did function and is misrepresented as having a standard size card ` adapter ' that mates the ` mini ' card to the larger format . This adapter is not provided and I bought it because of that adapter . It comes with an adapter to mate the mini card to USB , which is not what was pictured .
 Neither the camera nor the PC would recognize this card . Sent email to tech support requesting assistance . 2 weeks later and still no response . Card is useless to me .
 Used for awhile , but very much . Then one day it just stopped working with no solution to recover anything . It was a good deal at the time I guess , but caution .
 Ever since I bought this SD Card , my files have been &#34; corrupt &#34; and deleted from my camera randomly . My camera was working fine before this , which leaves me to believe that the problem is the SD card .
 It was a good capacity at a cheap price , but very slow on D90 when images were set to RAW or Large JPEG.Died within less than a year of occasional -LRB- sometimes on weekends -RRB- use - not recommended !
 Worked well until month 7 , when it died , it showed write error . you ca n't take more pictures and you ca n't read the pictures in the card neither . I bought several different brand memory cards before . never had same problems . Maybe I should have read those hundreds of one-star reviews
 Bought this for my Canon Rebel XSI , had no problems at first but after maybe 15 uses , the card corrupted . I thought it was just the one time , and that it was linked to my low battery , and afterwards I retook the pictures that had been lost , and was able to view them and edit them on the camera . Several hours later , however , when I went to offload the pictures onto my computer , the card said it had to be formatted , and that there was nothing on it . Could n't view any of the pictures on a PC , Mac , PC laptop , Mac laptop , OR the camera anymore . I strongly recommend finding another card , I know I will be .
 I bought 2 using for my Canon T1i camera . Both are broken during my trip . I am lucky that I downloaded my photos before they are broken , so I did n't lose any picture . I had to fall back to my original smaller capacity card that came with the camera . Do not buy .
 I got this card , together with the Canon Rebel Tsi , for my son who traveled to Chile . Within a week the card was unreadable in the camera and in the SD slot of his new Mac Book Pro . Can not x-change from a long distance .
 I bought this card since it is supposed to be a fast write cycle -LRB- class 6 -RRB- . It does only marginally better than an el-cheapo generic memory storage card . My videos shot at 720p / 30 fps are blocky - they show a `` jello-like '' artifact where blocks of vertical pixels move up and down causing faultlines to appear vertically before the lagging parts `` catch-up '' . Certainly ruins the HD experience . It appears related to the speed of writes . This card is SUPPOSED to handle it . Seriously thinking about returning the card unless I can find how to get the problem fixed .
 When I used Nikon D5000 with this card , some pictures are cropped , and the video image has some blue/red flash , plus ca n't replay to the end . After I switched to another brand , everything is perfect .
 Great card except that the `` lock '' switch on the side of the card is moved to the lock position everytime i insert the card into my device . When the lock is on , you can not record onto the card or delete from it . I had to crazy glue it so I can use the card .
 I bought this Transcend 16 GB card for use in my Canon PowerShot S5 IS . It seemed to be working well at first , and I had taken well over 500 photos before I realized the card had randomly lost the first 200 or so pictures . They were irretrievable . Highly irritating ! Needless to say , I returned it and got a different brand .
 I bought this off of Amazon because they were cheaper than B&H . Put the card into my nikon d90 and got about 32 pictures out of it until it just stopped working the camera and my computer said the card was no longer readable . Never buying Transcend again .
 I bought a brand new nikon 5100 . I have literally been using this card for 4 days . Learning the camera and had about 200 photos . All of a sudden it reads `` This memory car can not be used . Card may be damaged . Insert another card . '' My computer ca n't detect any of the photos . I ca n't imagine if I was in the middle of something actually important . I would not recommend this card .
 Went on vacation with this faulty chip , only to return home to find I had missed the window to return it . Just happy it was not an expensive item ; disappointed consumer .
 I purchased the Canon IS1300 camera and it came with a Transcend disk . I can take pictures on it , But I can not read it with either of my top of the line Sony computers -LRB- desktop or laptop -RRB- , and I can not read it with my recently purchased Samsumg DVD player or any of my other devices . I asked for a replacement , and Amazon was very good about that , but it is still crap . I havw had trouble with Transcend devices over the years , I was an R&D ; computer scientist for 40 years . They are crap.DO NOT BUY .
 We bought this card to use for a trip so we would n't have to use 4 different memory cards and the capacity suited us well for the trip . The problem came about when I tried to get photos off of the memory card and successfully got 30 or so pictures off before I started getting an error message and I could n't copy my photos to my computer . I took the card out of my computer and re-inserted to fix the problem and when I opened the file , all of our photos were gone ! I ended up having to pay another $ 40 for a program to get the pictures back . This will be going in the trash can and I 'll be going back to Sandisk cards from now on .
 I bought this card for my Canon Rebel T1i , because it was cheaper than other brands . Big mistake . It worked fine for about 2 weeks , then the card went corrupt . I did n't lose my old photos , but I could n't take new ones . New images would show up as broken or only as half an image . I ended up buying a SanDisk 8gb to replace it , and I 've had no problems with it . I 'll never buy another Transcend card again . They are n't reliable . You 're better off investing in a more expensive card that wo n't fail on you and cause you to spend that much more money .
 When I inserted the new `` Transcend '' brand 8GB SD card into my card reader , my computer froze/crashed ... Every time !! My Windows is up-to-date with the latest SP and fixes from Microsoft . If I inserted the card into my camera or music device , the device displayed a warning that the card was bad . I contacted ` marketplace ' seller CTCStore , and they told me to return the card , at my expense and they would evaluate it . Then it occurred to me to try to use a camera to re-format the card . This appeared to work , so I tried one more time to get my computer to accept the card . This time there was no problem.So I wonder was the new card unformatted or did it contain some garbage piece of software?Why would a memory card be delivered in an unformatted condition?Why was this not mentioned in the limited documentation with the SD card?Should a new memory card be delivered in a condition that will crash my computer?BEWARE of Transcend SD .
 The reason I have given this item such a poor review is hopefully to save someone else a lot of grief when they buy a Zoom H1 digital recorderZoom H1 Handy Portable Digital Recorder . Immediately below the photo of the Zoom H1 is a section of the web page titled `` Frequently Bought Together '' that lists the Zoom-H1 , the Zoom-H1 Accessory Kit , and a `` Transcend 16 GB Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card '' . Since the H1 only comes with 2GB , buying it with extra memory is pretty much expected , though for me 16GB was excessive , so I purchased the 8GB version of the same item . The problem here is that the Zoom H1 DOES NOT USE SDHC FLASH MEMORY ! It uses ONLY micro-SD or micro-SDHC cards , which are completely different , especially in size . So anyone who is in a hurry at the time like I was and clicks on the seemingly-helpful `` Add All Three To Cart '' button like I did , before reading in detail all of the device 's technical specifications , is going to be in for a rude surprise when their package finally arrives from Amazon.As far as I know , this may be a perfectly acceptable , memory card , if somewhat slow for video or high-resolution photography . But for a digital audio recorder , it should be perfectly adequate , if only it fit in the device for which it was recommended .
 I 'm not really sure how this thing works . I 'm not literate when it comes to equipment like this , but I could n't get anything to record on this card right out of the box . Am I supposed to do something with it first , before I can record anything ? The directions are horrible and do n't make any sense . As I admitted , I am not literate , but I think I can pretty much figure things out . This issue , I can not . Does anybody have any suggestions so I can change my rating on this?I put the card right into my camera , as well as my computer and it does n't read anything and does n't even acknowledge that it is there . I feel like I wasted my money up to this point .
 I used the memory card to transfer files between a netbook and other portable computers that have no DVD or other removeable disk drives . After only four or five transfers , the plastic slider for locking the card slipped into the ` LOCKED ' position every time it was inserted in a reader slot . I tried removing the slider but the computers continue to see it as ` Locked ' no matter what I did . Hoping for better luck with a SanDisk ! Looking at the other 1-star reviews , there appear to be about two hundred other people that have run into this same defect .
 This card worked great for 2 months , during which time it traveled to Istanbul and New York with me . Unfortunately , halfway through my trip to New York it failed . I have been unable to use it in my camera since then , although unlike some reviewers I was able to get my photos off of the card .
 I ordered a Transcend card using the Amazon frustration-free packaging . It turns out , the packaging was the only part that was frustration free . When I opened the package , i was surprised to discover two cards , as I 'd only ordered one . I soon found out why . After a while , the card would just stop working . My camera would display a message like memory card error . Sometimes , turning the camera off and on would fix the problem , sometimes not . The only way to fix the error was to completely re-format the card . That means erasing all your photos currently on the card , which I do n't like to do . The same thing happened with the other card . I tried these cards on two different cameras . Why did I get two cards ? Was it because they knew the cards were somewhat defective ? Pure accident ? I will order from a different vendor in the future .
 I was on a mission trip in Nicaragua . The first day I used about 3 GB of the 16 this card was supposed to have . On the second day I was out in the countryside no electronics store for an hour in any direction , and my camera flashes , `` Memory card error '' across the display . I was stuck at the launch of this great and exciting mission without the ability to record any images or movies with my new camera.At the end of the day we returned to a city where I found a shop that sold 2GB memory cards . I put it in and it worked fine.This is a clear error on the part of this Transcend SD card . I paid the extra money for a 16GB card because I did n't want to mess with several smaller cards . My loss . I will not buy another Transcend product .
 This item was sent to me , even though I ordered the MINI SDHC card . Be warned ... they will send you the wrong item !!!
 I 'M not sure what happened to this one , it lasted 6 months then could not be recognized by the camera or the computer .
 This is a great chip , besides the fact that 20 % of my files kept being corrupted . This resulted in pictures being deleted daily from my study abroad trip . You can not recover them once they are lost . Very disappointing . Not sure what the solution is .
 Had the card for about a month before it died . I had other SDHC card that got corrupted and needed to be reformated . I could recover photos stored on the card after reformatting . This time , it looks like a hardware failure instead of software corruption since I ca n't even format the drive . All data recovery software could not access the card -LRB- could not detect the size of the card since it 's not formatted -RRB- . Unfortunately , it died on a day where I attended a wedding so all the photos are gone now . At least Amazon accepted the return without any issues .
 First of all , the seller was great but item is horrible . Not recognized by several of my SD disk readers . Then when used in my camera , got message from my Canon as well as from my Panasonic camera that speed of SD card too slow to record video . NEVER had this before with SANDISK or other brands . WILL NOT BUY AGAIN !
 I bought this Memory Card for my camera and it does n't work for my camera like it said it would . I can use the card with my laptop but not the camera . At least I got some use out of the card .
 This was my only bad experience through Amazon . The memory card simply did not come after about a month of the purchase date .
 I have purchase this card for Nikon D3100 DSLR camera . But when I inserted this card in the camera , was not compatible with the camera . So I return this product back to Amazon .
 The card works fine - but - it rattles . When a product like this rattles , that means it has something loose inside - kind of scary to consider a connection on it 's way out . But , when I got the card -LRB- via Amazon -RRB- the Transcend website did not work then -LRB- or now -RRB- . So , guess I have wasted $ 11.70 back in August . I have since replaced it with a Kingston and am considering getting a SanDisk - both of those have served me well.Transcend 8 GB Class SDHC 10 Flash Memory Card TS8GSDHC10E
 I bought 2 of these for my new Pentax Kx DSLR . Wasted money . For some reason they both failed after a week or so . The camera refused to recognize them , but they were still usable in other camera brands so I sold them to a neighbor . I switched to SanDisk memory cards and did n't have any issues with those .
 My older Canon PowerShot SD200 ELPH camera did not recognize this media . Do n't understand why . My laptop could read and write to this SD card.The camera reported the card was `` locked '' but it was not locked . I moved the slider to `` Lock '' and the camera reported the same thing . Moved the slider back and forth , same report.The laptop -LRB- HP DV8300 -RRB- reported no problems . The media was formatted as FAT16 . I tried reformatting to other types , no change in the camera.Very strange .
 i bought this card for my canon powershot sx210 and i lost most of my data , video taping a concert on shiprock and got it home and it said data corupted , so i lost about one halve of my data , what a bummer , i will not buy this card ever again
 I bought two of these for my Canon Rebel XS right before going on a trip . Just a couple of days into the trip when I tried to take a picture , the camera said there was an error , it could n't read the memory card and my pictures were n't on it anymore . I called the Canon support number and after answering some basic questions they asked if I had formatted the card , which I did , when I first put the card in the camera . But it turns out you should format it every time you upload pictures to your computer or any time you remove the card . I do n't know if it 's common knowledge , but I did n't know that , and my camera manual certainly did n't state that . Apparently sometimes just deleting the photos from the card does n't take all the data off , and it can cause the cheaper cards to malfunction.The tech support guy then asked what brand my card was . When I told him Transcend , he said the higher end cards like Scandisc are less sensitive . That same day I bought a Scandisc card , and I have n't had any trouble with it . It cost me $ 10 more for one 4GB Scandisc than for these two 4GB memory cards , but if I have less chances to have another malfunction , I 'll pay for it . I just wish I had n't bought those other two first . Transcend are probably okay cards , but if you do n't want to risk your photos , I 'd spring for the Scandisc . The moral of this review is really do n't forget to format your memory cards .
 If you look at the reviews people either give this 5 stars or 1 star . Sure it averages to 4 stars but this is n't a book or a movie , it 's a piece of hardware and averages mean nothing . Be WARNED , if you buy this there is a 1 in 4 chance that your product will fail within a month of buying it . I filled up this card with 16gb of video without problems . Then when it was mounted on my PC it began the dying process . I ended up losing hours of HD video . Initially I had bought two of these cards and the second one died in the same way , though I was able to get the files off first . My Kingston brand SD cards are perfectly fine however . Take my advice , buy another brand that does n't have a 25 % fail rate .
 I purchased this memory card to use with my Canon T1i . I formatted the card as soon as I put it in my camera and began using . The video portion I would try to playback would freeze , and only the sound would be heard . Also I would sporatically get `` Can not display image '' on pictures that I have previously viewed . I would love to be able to trust this brand again because of the price , but can not , and will never purchase this brand again !
 I 've had two Transcend 16GB Class 6 SDHC cards fail on me now . The first one was DOA -LRB- purchased in Dec 2008 -RRB- -- neither my Canon HF100 HD camcorder or Canon TX1 hybrid digicam/HDcamcorder could write to it . The second one -LRB- purchased early 2009 -RRB- failed after 6 months of semi-reguar use in my Canon SX200 . I gave the brand two chances . If I myself happened upon two bad cards , I either have terrible luck or the failures are pretty prevalent out there .
 Card failed after the fourth time out in the field shooting during a camera write sequence , fortunately I only lost a few shots . I 'll stick with San disk or Kingston from now on , cheap does not cut-it when you lose a one take only photo .
 Normally , I do n't leave feedback , but I am really unsatisfied with this product!After I came back from my Honeymoon trip last month , I still took some photos with my Transcend 8 GB class 6 SDHC card with new camera Nikon Coolpix P100 . P100 automatically creates new folder with every 200 photos I took . Totally , I got 14 folder in my 8GB Transcend SDHC before yesterday.Yesterday , I try to review the photos I took , and I found the last two folder # 13 and # 14 are `` EMPTY '' . I lost my photos from June 13 to recent -LRB- July 14 , 2010 -RRB- !!! . While I was looking for a new apt in the last 30 days , I took about 300 photos and NOW THEY ARE GONE . Yes , the folders are empty.No matter I use camera or card reader , I just ca n't find any photos in this two folders . Even I use two data recover software try to rescue the missing photos , I ca n't find them . THEY JUST GONE ~ ! Lucky me , I only lost two folder -LRB- latest folder -RRB- of photos . I backed up the first 2.8 GB photos right away . -LRB- My honeymoon photos , once a lifetime -RRB- I have three Transcend 8 GB -LRB- all class 6 -RRB- and one Kingston 8 GB class 6 on hand . I think I 'll just dump Transcend SDHC after I got more SDHC cards from Kingston or SanDisk.In the future , I think I wo n't buy any SDHC card from Transcend any more . Though it 's cheaper than Kingston or SanDisk.For people still take photos with Transcend SDHC card , my suggestion , BACK UP YOUR VALUABLE PHOTOS FREQUENTLY AND DO N'T USE UP TO HALF OF THE CAPACITY ~ ! Good luck , people!I just can not trust this brand any more ~ !
 This card is fine but $ 25 shipping and handling put me off this vendor.Have written twice and gotten no reply . Will appeal to Amazon .
 The card has proven to be unreliable & defective . It will no longer upload to my PC or any other device . It indicates `` Memory Card Error '' . The camera manual recommends reformatting which deletes the photos . The photos can still be viewed on the camera . The card is beyond the 30 day return for electronics but I am waiting Amazon 's reply to my request for a return with proration . Transcend may be a low quality knockoff but many have been sold and apparently used without problems .
 Unfortunately the reader and the disk that came together do not work . I purchased this disk because I already purchased a 4g disk THAT DID NOT WORK . What a waste of money !!!
 I returned this memory card . It was sold as part of a bundle with my camaera and it was the wrong size . The camera required a microSD card .
 Total devastation !! This Memory Card does NOT hold pictures !! I took many pictures over the winter holidays and when I went to down load off this card , everything is BLACK and it says `` problem with memory card '' !! I have lost all of my pictures due to this low end piece of crap ! If you want your pictures to stay on the memory card , then pay a little more for higher quality !!
 This memory card was a suggested option for the H1 Zoom recorder . It is n't as it will not fit the Zoom H1 . The Zoom H1 needs a microSDHC card and not the SDHC -LRB- non micro -RRB- card as it is too large to fit into the Zoom H1 recorder .
 I never received this item . I took advantage of the free deal with purchase of a Canon Powershot Camera , but did not see the `` add to shopping cart '' in my haste to purchase the camera . That 's is my fault . When I received the camera a few days later and noticed the memory card was not in the package , I immediately went online to see my mistake . I then went online and ordered the memory card . When the `` received by '' date had passed , I again went online to track the card . A scan by Fed Ex was shown in West Virginia the day after purchase . I contacted Amazon immediately and they refunded my account the very next day and told me that they did n't have the card in stock , while the site itself showed the card available . Very frustrating ! There I was on Christmas morning , unable to use my new camera because I did n't have the memory card .
 I sent email to BoBoTECHNIC asking about the $ 4.88 `` shipping charge '' for the Transcend 8Gb Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card and an offer for a free SDHC Card reader -LRB- worth $ 4.99 -RRB- . During Amazon Checkout I noticed the `` shipping charge '' for the two items had doubled to $ 9.76 . I sent an email asking if they really intended to do that considering an SDHC card and a reader would not `` cost '' $ 9.76 to send.I GOT NO RESPONSE.So I guess that 's how the pad their profit . AVOID THIS SELLER . EXCESS SHIPPING CHARGES ARE NOT APPROPRIATE . Non-response to E-mails is also not appropriate for a legitimate business .
 I have not recieved this item !! How do you contact Amazon for something like this ? Where is the phone number ?
 I bought a new Fuji camera on Nov. 10th from Amazon and this memory card to go with it . I got the camera right away but was informed that they were out of the cards and would ship as soon as possible . I am now informed that I will not get this until after Dec. 25th . I bought this camera to use at Thanksgiving and Christmas and now I have to buy a card elsewhere . I have nothing against the card as I 've never gotten it but as a frist time buyer from Amazon I think they stink !
 I must say that the vendor was very good in shipping the item . What I am unhappy about i that there was no disclaimer on the ad for this item , that said it was high capacity and only worked on high capacity products . So beware that this is not just another memory cards.Dave
 I wonder why this does n't work in my laptop -LRB- XP -RRB- , desktop -LRB- VISTA -RRB- and scanner . I expect it should work atleast with my desktop because , it is one year old and has all latest sp updates . My friend told me that the new memory cards are only compatible with the new card readers not with the old machines.I did n't see any of this information while i bought this item . I returned this item because of this compatibility problem .
 I ca n't believe the card , I had to find out the hard way it does n't work with any of my devices and my camera , laptop w/card reader and stand alone card reader are all less than 2 years old and it does n't work with any of them . The right up implied that it would work with relatively newer devices , but did n't define newer as being something bought in the past 2 months !!!!!! Just a waste of money .
 Photos appeared in less quality when you store them on this Card . I could see the difference since I also use Kingston cards for taking pictures . When compare prices , this one is cheaper and may be that is the main topic ; cheap price low quality
 I read a lot of positive reviews about this card , and I was excited about having 8 more gigs to increase the capacity of my Creative Zen Mp3 player.Unfortunately , when I received the card , I did n't have an immediate use for it , so I did n't check it out right away . I let it sit around for about two months.This weekend I went to use it , and it was n't recognized by either the Zen or the computer . I 've tried several tests to see if the problem was on the end of the computer/mp3 player , but the issue seems to be with the card . It must be a dud.I have to dig up my receipt and see if I kept any packaging . it 's too late to return this to Amazon , so I 'll see what Transcend has to offer , if anything . It 's disappointing to not be able to rely on such a purchase when I most needed it . Now I probably have to go to a local shop and see if I can find something that compares , although I know it will be hard to get as good a deal for this much storage . **** UPDATE ***** It 's been a couple weeks since I tried using this card . On a whim , I decided to try it again , and this time it worked - my computer found it and so did my mp3 player ! Strange ! I 'll cross my fingers and hope it continues to work after this . It would be a shame to start storing a lot of music or other files on it and then lose it all .
 This card did not work in anything I own except for my laptop . Being a class 6 I hoped it would work in my car stereo -LRB- Phase Linear UV8020 . I would n't recommend it unless you already knew it would work in your device !
 It does its job well . BUT , I was not able to read it in on my computer . You 'll have to check to see if your computer can read this device ... go to the Transcend site to find out before you buy . It obviously is n't backward compatible . Therefore , 2 stars is generous ... got to be able to read what 's on there !
 I bought two of these and neither worked at all . Neither XP , Windows 7 , nor Mac OS could read or format them . They 're not big enough to use as coasters , so I 'd say they 're totally useless except as a way to waste money . Maybe they only work in cameras ?
 As the title states , it just suddenly stopped working . Inserting it into my camcorder now just results in a prompt to format the card ... everytime . All old data was lost too , which for a 16GB care just means losing even more data at once . I 'm going to stick with Sandisk brand from now on .
 It worked fine for a little less than a year after I bought it , for use with a Panasonic Lumix camera . It worked , nothing too flashy , but then it 's a memory card . But about a month ago it started to crap out - first one `` memory read error '' wiping out all the pictures then stored on it . Then it became more regular , and now does not work at all.I mean , I guess I ca n't get too upset about it crapping out when it only cost $ -LSB- ... -RSB- or whatever it was , but still , I 'm planning on staying away from Transcend for at least my next memory card .
 bought this card and it lasted about a month and a half , just became unreadable all of the sudden , good thing I got most of the pictures off !
 I was very disappointed in this. , did not work ... had to go out and buy another one. ,
 I just bought two of these . Neither works in my camera or either SD reader to which I have access . Every other SD card I 've tried works fine on all these devices . I have no idea what the problem is . Do n't buy this product .
 i 'm sure i was just unlucky . the item arrived but not usable . the memory card can not be read with my memory reader and two of my camera . when i returned to seller , they claimed they didnt received and refuse to get me refund/credit . bad seller !! do NOT buy anything from eek technology !!
 Worked for a couple of months and then failed to be recognized by any computer or camera . I lost some pictures and videos because of that . I would give it a zero but the least is one star .
 Mine was good for about the first two months . Then for some reason card stopped working at all . I 've worked with these things enough to know how to use them . My 8gb Transcend card fails .
 I purchased this card in 2007 , at the prevailing price which was considerably higher . It stopped working a few months ago . I contacted Transcend USA for warranty replacement . I received a response and RMA number . I complied with the instructions and mailed the memory back to them with the RMA number and address on the outside . About 14 days later I received it back from the post office saying it had been refused by the recipient . The envelope was cut on the short end cleanly , presumably by some sort of a letter opening device . I have contacted Transcend and supplied the information that they requested to investigate , but subsequent emails and phone calls are unanswered . For such an inexpensive item this whole episode seems quite silly . Caveat emptor ... Buyer beware .
 The reason I did not give this SD Card a one star rating is because I bought two . The first card has worked fine . No issues . However , the second card failed shortly after I started using it . Unfortunately it failed , after I had just shot some very important and hard to duplicate video . A total disaster!I would suggest , if you are thinking about using this card for anything really important - DO N'T ! If you have to pay a bit more , I would do so for a higher quality , more dependable SD Card .
 I purchased several Transcend 16GB class 6 SDHC cards to go with a new Canon Camcorder . Firstly this card seems to work fine , is easy to use and the recordings are crisp and clear . However , one card failed for reasons I can not understand , and has become completely unreadable . Any suggestions on how to recover precious footage will be most appreciated . I am just hoping that there will not be any further failures before I can back up the contents of my other cards ! If not for this unfortunate and disappointing mishap , I would have given this product 5 stars . Thanks
 When transferring my holiday pictures to my Vista PC the process hung up , then the PC re-booted -LRB- only after I removed the card and allowed some recovery routine to run -RRB- . Upon re-boot the card was unreadable on the PC , it simply did not see it . I replaced it in the camera and got `` Card Locked '' even though the locked tab was not in the locked position . Not too impressed with this at all . I 've only had the card 2 months , it was really nice when it worked , fast transfers were great . Not sure what caused the problem , ie PC or card , but I 've lost some nice wilderness shots/footage . ******************* some time later ********************************** I returned the card to Transcend and they quickly sent a replacement card , along with an apology and a $ 5 coupon for their online store . They do seem committed to customer satisfaction which is nice . Shame about the lost data though . I 'd rate the card higher now if I could .
 I have been using the card in my Canon 450 ... twice the camera issued a message , while taking pictures , that the card was unformatted ... Once I get this message I am locked up until I power the camera off , unseat and reseat the card ... then it seems to work fine until I get the next message ... So , I purchased another 8GB card from a different vendor and so far have not had any problems . I got the message once while shooting continuously and I filled the cameras memory ... might be that this card really is n't a class 6 as advertised ...
 I bought two of these cards three months ago . One worked -LRB- and is working -RRB- well and the other appeared to for a couple of days . Then , without warning or any other indication , it is showing an error with my Canon HF200 . I pulled the chip out of the camcorder and tried to read it on my PC with no luck . I then took it to Mike 's to see if they could recover the video . The tech said his computer could n't even recognize that the chip was there . He also said that they have heard of a great deal of complaints with this brand .
 Be certain your camera is compatible with an `` HC '' memory card before ordering this product . It does not work in my 3 year old , 5 megapixel Minolta .
 I stored pictures on the card but my PC would not read them ... something about USB 1 error.I am not bothering to return for a refund because of the low price . By the time I get an RMA , wrap the item , pay for the postage -- it is not worth the trouble . I tried to give the rating no stars but was n't able to.transHope that Amazon will dump this vendor.P.S . I am mad about losing some very good shots .
 After I opened the package and inserted the card into my computer , the computer did not recognize the card . I also tried with my digital camera and the camera said that the card was not useful . This is the first SD card I encountered that is bad out of package . I returned the card and am very disappointed .
 Although I received this stuff , this is non brand , not working for my digital camera -LRB- panasonic -RRB- . I sent e-mails at several times for seller . I returned to this stuff for transcend company after I got RMA request from the company , I 'm now try to exchsnge the stuff . I do not know whether my request is acceped or not . Because , basically , this stuff is `` fake '' , not made by transcend . Please do not buy this stuff from chukwuking16 or Okoro Books as the buyer . The stuff will be send from Hong Kong .
 The -LRB- 2 -RRB- 4gb SD memory cards ordered have not been received and its been over 2 weeks ... unable to contact company or Amazon . . no response from emails -- probably a sham company -- do not buy here !!!!
 Well , it was great while it lasted . Unfortunately , it did not last long.Like other reviewers , after < 20 use cycles the device failed and I got a `` lock '' error when , in fact , the write-protection lock was not engaged . Oddly , by engaging the lock -LRB- i.e. entering read-only mode -RRB- I was able to remove the picture files from the card . Obviously , further use in the camera was impossible ; I was also unable to reformat the card -LRB- either with my camera or with the SD Associations free software -LSB- . . -RSB- -RRB- . This card has a high average rating but I would urge customers to consider the number of 1-star ratings due to complete product failure before they purchase this item .
 This card was to be used in my Canon Vixia HF100 camcorder and Canon SD800 still camera . After its 1st use it has developed a corrupt file system . I 'm not able to format it , as the file system is only recognized as RAW at this point . Sometimes the Windows command prompt function `` CHKDSK / R '' will fix problems with a bad index or file corruptions -LRB- accessed via Start -- > Run -- > cmd -RRB- , but I ca n't even get that far.My A-DATA 16GB SDHC C-6 has worked beautifully for > 1 month and is less costly -LRB- per GB , of course ! -RRB- & faster than this model -LRB- using the Vixia HF100 and SD800 camera -RRB- . Given others ' ratings , I must acknowledge that my experience is likely the result of some fairly rare production anomaly ... I suppose even more reason to document it ... I 'm pursuing support options now & will report from that vantage point next . I will update this review and/or associated * rating with any change -LRB- s -RRB- , as warranted .
 It 's great to have 8GB of memory but it is a double edged sword . Today after using this card for only the second time , it failed on me . I lost almost 200 precious images - gone forever . I am what you would call an enthusiast or hobbyist . I love photography and spend every spare minute , which is very seldom these days , pursuing my passion . So I do a fair amount of experimentation . These cards are great when they work - but if they fail you even once - the results can be catastrophic . Maybe I am the unlucky 1 of 250 reviewers with a bad experience with this product , but I feel it is my responsibility to report this to everyone . I hope it never happens to you . It is human nature for me to wonder , if I had spent a few more dollars for a better brand name , would my photos be intact today ?
 Very unreliable , sent mine back after a week and several corrupt images from different shoots.From every shoot , out of 100 images there would be at least 3 corrupt.Never had a single corrupt image out of thousands with kingston or pny .
 Used this card for our first cruise.Memory card error.Tried recovery programs but nothing worked.Phone Transcend where the representative told us that yes , we have problems with the card.Told to send it back for replacement.Why would anyone want another unreliable Transcend card and risk losing priceless vacation pictures?If your product is unstable , should be recalled from the market.I give this a minus five star.JUNK !
 This card was to be used in my Canon Vixia HF100 camcorder and Canon SD800 still camera . After its 1st use it has developed a corrupt file system . I 'm not able to format it , as the file system is only recognized as RAW at this point . Sometimes the Windows command prompt function `` CHKDSK / R '' will fix problems with a bad index or file corruptions -LRB- accessed via Start -- > Run -- > cmd -RRB- , but I ca n't even get that far.My A-DATA 16GB SDHC C-6 has worked beautifully for > 1 month and is less costly -LRB- per GB , of course ! -RRB- & faster than this model -LRB- using the Vixia HF100 and SD800 camera -RRB- . Given others ' ratings , I must acknowledge that my experience is likely the result of some fairly rare production anomaly ... I suppose even more reason to document it ... I 'm pursuing support options now & will report from that vantage point next . I will update this review and/or associated * rating with any change -LRB- s -RRB- , as warranted .
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this card so slow , also some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are pepared to return it .
 I am not sure how this card got so many stars . Not only is this SD card slow -LRB- especially for video -RRB- , some computers do n't even recognize this card . If you buy this card , make sure you are prepared to return it .
 While using the card on my canon T1i Rebel on vacation , the card had a sudden `` crash '' . I was no longer able to use the card on my camera or view the files on my PC . Had lost all pictures .
 I tried to use this card in my old camera -LRB- I know it works fine -RRB- and kept getting `` memory card error '' . I went online and saw any number of complaints like this . Any ideas ?
 I read all the reviews and thought , `` Well , the majority of them are positive , and I need more memory ... '' I was wrong . I have had this memory card for my Canon A1000 IS camera . Not a problem until today , less than 3 months after purchasing it . Took a few pictures and 10 minutes later , the `` memory card error '' message popped up . I thought it was the camera , but I put in a new memory card from a different company and it was fine . Thank goodness I had downloaded the majority of the pictures already . There are a few pictures on there I had taken earlier today that I will try and retrieve somehow.If you get this card , make sure you have the ability to download immediately . Otherwise , I would n't take the chance . Money down the drain ...
 This card caused blue screens in Vista . I am guessing that it is due to the unreliable nature of the card . If you are using Vista , this card is not for you . I will have to buy a relacement SanDisk ...
 I was persuaded to buy two of these SDHC cards by all the positive reviews . The first one was defective . It made my brand new Nikon D90 behave strangely . About 25 % of the time when I turned the camera on the `` Format '' screen on the LCD popped up asking if I wanted to format the card . I selected `` No '' and pushed the o.k. button . Unfortunately , this did not get rid of the screen . I had to turn the camera off and on once , twice , or three times to get rid of the screen . It also happened sometimes during a shooting session . At first I thought that I had a defective camera . After using the card for a couple of days and still having the same problem I decided to try the other card . Using this second card solved the problem and it has n't happened again after several days of using it . I went back and read the negative reviews and decided that the quality control by the manufacturer is n't very good . I 'm going to send both of them back and order a couple of Sandisk SDHC cards .
 Storage space on this card is 16GB as advertised , but it is definitely not Class 6 as advertised and priced . This card has a max write speed of 4.2 MB/s with an average of 4.0 MB/s which is a Class 4 SD card , NOT a Class 6 . Ripped off.If you need a 16GB but not the speed , then find the cheaper priced version marked as Class 4 . If you need the 16GB plus the Class 6 speed , then look elsewhere .
 I have two Transcend 8gb SDHC cards and two 16gb SDHC cards . About three weeks ago , I had one of the 16gb SDHC cards fail on me . The card was bought new from Amazon and inserted and tested before use . It worked flawlessly , recording photos and I was able to download them successfully . I filled one of the 16gb cards while on vacation and started on the second . It worked fine the first day . The second day , I hiked 1.5 miles through a canyon and climbed about 300 feet . I then took about 40 photos when the card failed . My camera , a Canon XSi , flashed a message `` card not formatted . '' I inserted a backup card and continued shooting . But I have never been able to recover the lost files . I have tried four different card recovery programs . Only one of these was able to identify the Canon CR2 files , but could not recover the files in a form that any software program -LRB- e.g. , iphoto and photoshop -RRB- could open . Two programs were unable to find any data at all on the card . The most frustrating part of this experience has been the attitude -LRB- `` get lost and do n't bother us '' -RRB- of the Transcend technical support people in Los Angeles . I emailed them three times over two weeks without a reply . I then called , and finally was advised how to download their own card recovery program . I ran this program and it found Nikon NEF files on the card . Strange ! I do n't even own a Nikon camera and only used the card for two days with my Canon camera . The putative `` NEF '' files were unreadable . Upon informing Transcend support of the failure of their software , I was told mechanically to use it again . Endless emails and voicemail messages were not returned . I can only conclude that this is a common problem with Transcend cards , and the company has no solution , and therefore sees no point in wasting time with customers . So , purchase at your own risk . I have had a 25 percent failure rate , and learned that just because a Transcend card performs initially , it can still fail at any time and your photos and/or data will be lost forever .
 I tried this card on three different computers , two different cameras and with two different card readers . Did not work at all -- locked up all the computers everytime . I have alot of SD cards , mostly Kingston and they all work . This is the first time I tried this brand -LRB- Transcend -RRB- and will never buy this brand again since all the Kingston cards have worked for me .
 The lock tab is too loose . It locks when inserting into slot , rendering it unable to accept data and sometimes unable to read when using some -LRB- not all -RRB- reading mehanisms interfacing with computer . Unable to format card with H-2 Zoom recorder.Zoom H2 Handy Portable Stereo RecorderZoom H2 Handy Portable Stereo Recorder + 2GB Accessory Kit
 I bought this card with my Panasonic camera as an Amazon recommendation and was terrible . The card works OK and is pretty reliable till now , but just for pictures . It is too slow for movies and I can record using it . I just bought another one -LRB- Kingston SD -RRB- and use this for other things . So , if you need a fast card , this is n't your option
 Very disappointed in this item , I waited months before opening this SD card and when I finally did it did not work . It 's not being recognized by any camera of card reader . Just a piece of junk . If you do decide to buy , open and test immediately ...
 Took the memory card out of the packaging and put it in my camera and would n't you know ... It did n't work . It would n't format and could not be used at all . I would n't even register in my computer either . Spend your money on a better company and do n't buy this one . If it was n't for Amazon 's great return policy , this would have sucked real bad . Got a Sandisk on the way .
 I ordered this product looking for a faster media card for HD videos . This card is SLOWER than my 4 speed Sandisk card . Be careful of what you order . I strongly recommend staying with the big names for reliable memory cards , i.e. Sandisk , Kingston , Transcend , PNY etc.Regretfully , I did n't use the card for a few months so I could n't return it .
 My bad that I could not check earlier and leave feedback . However , I have opened the item now and it was very disappointing to see that I got 4GB SDHC card instead of 8GB . Not a trustworthy seller .
 the 4 GB card must be defective , I have a similiar 2 GB card that works fine so my system to read and write to these cards is not the problem . the card is defective .
 The card worked fine with my digital camera the first two weeks , but one day , it froze . My camera could not write to it anymore ; I tried inserting it into my computer to copy all the pictures , but the card kept having a write error and it could not open any of the files . I lost all my pictures and the card is now useless . I did not have time to look into its warranty -LRB- if any -RRB- , so I am pretty disappointed from a reliability and quality point of view .
 Do n't by this . I plugged it into my computer right out of the box and got a memory error . Total junk . Do n't waste your time with the manufacturer support . It 's worthless . It 's going in the garbage . Never again Transcend !
 Originally I bought this for my GPS , but the GPS refused to recognize it . Tried formatting it using different softwares but never got it working . Tried it on a few laptops equipped with HDSD readers , but to no avail.I would not recommend this memory to anyone .
 After buying the card , i was really happy using it . First , after 1 month one day I had an unreadable image in my card , but did not realize the danger at that time.Then 2 weeks ago , all the images in the card suddenly become unreadable . I had almost 150 pictures that were n't uploaded yet , constituting every picture I took this month.I paid 1100 $ for the camera . Than for `` saving '' money i used my mind and get this cheap card with good reviews . Than , i lost all the pictures i took in 1 month . After spending 1100 $ on a camera , now all my images for 30 days of my life , including very important ones , are lost . Comparing the amount i spend on taking a picture , with the amount i spend for storing it , now i understand how clever I am .
 I bought this 16GB card in hopes of storing lots of my newborn baby pictures . I used it only for a couple of months and when I tried reviewing my pictures on the camera today , I got a `` CARD ERROR '' message on my camera display . No big deal , I thought , my computer will surely open those . But it did not . I got `` FILE CORRUPTED '' message each time I tried to open the contents of the card . Instead of preserving lots of photos , I lost lots of photos . Those last two months of our firstborn baby 's life - gone forever . This has never happened with any of my cards before . Save yourself a major disappointment and choose a different brand and a different memory card .
 I 've ordered from this company twice , and two times in a row they 've sent the wrong product to me . I have little interest waiting for another week to see if they can send the right card to me . Will never do business with them again .
 Used this card with my Canon T1i and had generally pleasing performance . Unfortunately the card failed after about a month of use -LRB- about 1600 photos -RRB- . I lost images taken from a 2 hour hike as a result . I tried a number of recovery programs - but simply will not work , the card is totally toast . While doing research to find how to recover my files I read on a number of sites about this card failing - wish I had researched more before I bought it .
 I use my camera for work and we have several uploading stations throughout my office . I tried the card on four different card readers and none of the readers recognized the card automatically , and when I attempted to manually run the drives , the computer crashed repeatedly . Pics are still stored on the card , and work fine via direct USB download from the camera , but it 's much easier to just load the card into the readers than to carry around the USB cable all the time .
 I purchased this card mainly to work with my my asus EEE as a medium for transferring large files between the desktop and the EEE . It works great for that purpose but when it comes to my canon A590IS Powershot , this thing is an unacceptable failure . I unfortunately only recently discovered this in the middle of my vacation to Costa Rica . At first , it seemed to be working fine . Pictures saved and I was ecstatic to have a 2000 picture capacity . Everything was nice until I actually went to review the pictures . Many were intact and displayed well , but several and coincidently the best pictures were completely corrupted . I couldnt view them on the camera which displayed a question mark and I couldnt open them when I transferred them to the computer . I first thought this was simply the characteristic of the horrible JPEG file format but I decided to give JPEG the benefit of the doubt and do a test on the card . I used it to take 10 more photos . I then went to review them . One of the ten was corrupted from the start . But with each review -LRB- opening the file -RRB- , more and more seemed to become corrupted . I then used my other cards and did the same test , experiencing none of the problems . Im pretty pissed off that an eighth of my vacation photos -LRB- and coincidently some of the best ones -RRB- are completely messed up because of this card . I still have 3 weeks to go but have truly lost some great memories .
 I received the flash card about two weeks ago . I used it in my canon XSI , which worked as expected initially . After taking about 500 photos , I decided to copy the picture over to my desktop.I 'm not sure what happened , but when I tried to copy the photos to my computer , the files were not readable . I could only retrieved 20 pictures out of the 500 photos I took . I brought this from ChiTek , hopefully they 'll exchange for a new one.Anyhow , relability is questionable for this flash card . I never had a flash card broke on me before .
 This card worked for about 5 hours of video and then it would not be read by the camera or computer . I even ran a check on it using some recovery software and it came up with all bad sectors.We lost about 1 hour of video and missed one of my girls performances because it would not work . I am sending it back and will be buying a Lexar or SanDisk .
 I read a lot of positive reviews about this card , and I was excited about having 8 more gigs to increase the capacity of my Creative Zen Mp3 player.Unfortunately , when I received the card , I did n't have an immediate use for it , so I did n't check it out right away . I let it sit around for about two months.This weekend I went to use it , and it was n't recognized by either the Zen or the computer . I 've tried several tests to see if the problem was on the end of the computer/mp3 player , but the issue seems to be with the card . It must be a dud.I have to dig up my receipt and see if I kept any packaging . it 's too late to return this to Amazon , so I 'll see what Transcend has to offer , if anything . It 's disappointing to not be able to rely on such a purchase when I most needed it . Now I probably have to go to a local shop and see if I can find something that compares , although I know it will be hard to get as good a deal for this much storage . **** UPDATE ***** It 's been a couple weeks since I tried using this card . On a whim , I decided to try it again , and this time it worked - my computer found it and so did my mp3 player ! Strange ! I 'll cross my fingers and hope it continues to work after this . It would be a shame to start storing a lot of music or other files on it and then lose it all .
 i ordered 2 of these for my hd camcorder , first i formated the card with my camcorder then within maybe 3 or 4 min of footage it said memory full . so i took it out and put it back in and tried once more this time my camcorder hangs up within a few min wont even shut off i have to take the battery out . in disbeleif i tried maybe 15 times all with the same result . so i thought maybe it was just this particular card . i tried the other one and the same problem happened again with my camcorder hanging up and i have to take the battery out . now you may ask well it 's something to do with my camcorder , well i know it 's not i have a class 4 sandisk sd card 2gb and it works in the camera flawlessly and i know my equipment will support up to 8gb sdhc . so my conclusion is maybe it will be ok on my digital camera i do n't know . but i beleive it 's going to work for some people and not for others . i 'm dissapointed seemed like a good deal . maybe like i said it will work in my digital camera but i originally wanted this for my camcorder , so i 'm upset . next time sandisk !
 I purchased the Transend 8GB SDHC Card in the beginning of August . I put it in my digital camera and it seemed to be OK . I did n't need to use the camera until the end of September and when I turn on the camera , I get a card error . Reformatting does not help and since it is past the Amazon 30 day return period , it turns into a throw away . Moral , if you have money to throw away then buy this memory chip from Amazon .
 Loved it for 3 months , fast , cheap , perfect . Then it lost 200 images , luckily not critical . I suspected a problem . Then I went on vacation , had to come home for something else , and uploaded the pictures . Out of maybe 300 , it transfered 10 or so and then everything just dissappeared . No images on Disk . Not happy . Luckiliy it was n't a wedding or something.I have a Nikon D80 , and it works great with my other cards . The Transcend is tagged for destruction unless I can return it or something .
 After about two months of using this card with no problems , it suddenly stopped working . It is no longer recognized by my camera or my computer -LRB- so data recovery programs are useless -RRB- . I lost about 150 pictures . Transcend could not do anything but refer me to a third-party data recovery company if I wanted to retrieve the pictures .
 I purchased this 16GB SDHC card to record a family reunion . I decided to upgrade from the 8GB SDHC card that I purchased with the Samsung HD video camera . Luckily , I had both cards with me . The second day of my trip , the camera in the process of recording , gave me a card error and stopped responding . I had recorded the beginning of the reunion along with the welcome reception , all is lost . I was able to switch back to the 8GB card during my trip so all was not a total lost . I am not sure what went wrong . Was it the card or the camera trying to read the card ? The videos were initially there because I previewed each recorded interval . I puchased a card recovery program and was able to retrieve the photos , but the video appears to be lost forever . Lesson learned
 It simply did not work and I did not test until after the return period had expired.In 3 words DP NOT BUY THIS CARD . It would not format at more than 7 GigPros
 I got 16 gb version of Transcend SDHC card class 10 . I have tried formatting multiple times and with different operating systems , but the data on this card keep corrupting.Amazon.com customer service service is great , RMA is out and no hassle return .
 I bought this product about a week and a half or two weeks ago and it still has not come ! It is past the day they said would be the latest possible day for delivery , but still no show ! I am very disappointed .
 I bought this in June 2009 for my wife 's camera . It was OK for about 6 months , than crushed once . We lost a lot of pictures and movies of our family . I was able to reformat card and it work for another 2-3 months until it died completely . These time no luck , we lost all of our pictures that we had on this card . I 'm very disappointed with reliability of this product .
 great card works well but why do companies insist on jippin us when it comes to size?I ordered the 16 gb and in turn I get a card which the max size is 14.7 that is over a gb missing . I would be find with even 15.7 but being over a gb come on people that is a joke
 The trend here is pretty clear . The card is great , until it fails . Ours failed less than a year after we got it -LRB- about 10 months , actually -RRB- taking a day 's worth of photos with it . Up until then , write speed was good , and I considered it a good card . Sounds like a fairly common defect - I will avoid this manufacturer 's cards in the future .
 Well , thought I got a great deal on this . Honestly , I did n't realize it was the card until TWICE I lost pictures from 2 DIFFERENT cameras . I guess it 's a good thing it 's the flippin ' card and not my cameras . Could n't believe it though . VERY disappointed .
 I purchased this card because I take a number of speed shots and , while my camera can hold them in memory for a period of time until they are written to disk , I periodically fill that memory as well . As a result I wanted to get a fast card compatible with my camera . The specs for class 4 memory cards go up to 15MB per second , while the ones for 6 cards go up to 20MBps . The packaging claims 16MBps meaning that this only barely gets into the class 6 range . This would be more than adequate for most things , but when I am taking pictures of my daughter 's rugby team in sport mode , I want them to be written to the card as fast as possible , I know that the card speed is just one of a number of things that go into the actual write speed , but this is the one that I can easily change . Like I said , for most things , this card would be perfectly acceptable and the price is pretty good . It just was n't what I wanted/needed .
 I bought this memory chip when I purchased my camera . The second time I used the camera I experienced problems . The camera would shut down when I tired to delete a picture or view a picture just taken . Thinking it was the camera I spent a couple of months going back and forth with Nikon because when Nikon would test the camera the problems did not occur . I had not shipped the memory chip with the camera as instructed by Nikon . Eventually while talking with Nikon via phone I swapped the memory chip from my camera to a friends exact same camera and the reverse -LRB- this person 's chip to my camera -RRB- . With the other chip in my camera I did not have any problems . My chip in their camera , the camera experienced the exact same problems I experienced when that chip was in my camera . So I contacted Transcend and they did immediately replaced the memory chip . Unfortunately , what they sent me does n't work any better than the initial chip I had so I plan to buy another chip brand.The positive experience was that Transcend was great about replacing the chip . Unfortunately the 2nd chip is n't any better than the first .
 I have bought several of these 8Gb and 16Gb cards in the last 2 years and althgough they are fast and highly compatible , I already lost half of the 16Gb batch -LRB- 3 actually -RRB- . They simply died in the middle of a transfer operation , never to recover . I know that flash memory cards are usually not the best media when it comes to reliability , but one of these failed me in less than a week . Never got any problems with the 8Gb versions -LRB- I have 4 of those -RRB- . My advise
 I bought this card due to the price , I have never had any problems with an SD card before and I have had about ten . I had a problem with the card one time but I was just playing around with my camera . I formatted the card and it seemed to work fine . But then when I was taking pictures of something important , it did it again and I had to recover the pictures . I dont want to have to keep recovering the pictures or risk losing pictures I take . Definite Return . I have never posted a review before , but had to after this bad experience .
 First of all , I use these SDHC cards with a Canon DSLR - pictures and 720/1080 video.I own a Transcend 8GB SDHC class 10 and a Sandisk Extreme III 4GB class 6 prior to this purchasing this 4GB Transc . Class 6 SDHC card.I owned the sandisk extreme way before the transcend cards and it 's worked out perfectly.I purchased the 8GB transcend a few weeks ago because it was a class 10 for around $ 17 -LRB- not the best deal but I needed more memory -RRB- . And it 's worked out alright and I have n't really noticed a difference between the transcend cards and the sandisk . But after purchasing this 4GB card , and trying to use it to capture HD video , I 've realized how much better the sandisk card is . The transcend cards are perfectly fine for use with taking pictures but my SLR keeps stopping the video because the Transcend cards ca n't write fast enough.The sandisk a 20mbps read/write speed and I think that is pretty accurate of the actual read/write speed.The transcend 8GB , on the card , says 20mbps but it 's no where near that . . there is a forum on slickdeals talking all about how the card is actually 10 or 12 . -LRB- which is where I was referred from -RRB- Now the transcend 4GB is only a class 6 so it 's definitely much slower and I can definitely tell it 's slower in actual practice . The only reason I purchased it was because I was told the class 6 cards are fine for use with HD video recording . I think that 's probably true , but only with better brands , like Sandisk.Pros
 Received this item loose but in a typical plastic clam shell . Since it was not manufacutre sealed I have no way of knowing if this was simply re-pacakged . I used card on my H4n Zoom and it recorded sound just fine . However , I also used the card on my Canon Vixia HS10 and as well as on a Canon T2i with deterimental results . There was no indication that the card was not recording but when replaying video , somehow the recodrings came back corrupted . It seems like the card was not fast enough to capture HD footage , but this is just speculation.The footage was important , and therefore I was upset to notice it unrecoverable . Not happy with card or purchase and will most likely throw it away.Sad part is , it was n't that much cheaper than buying from a physical store ...
 I got the card quickly . It worked perfectly . I was using it in my Panasonic AG HMC 150 . I recorded video without a problem . Until one day , six months later , it just stopped working . I tried to reformat it . It could n't format any larger than 512 KB ?! I contacted Transcend they sent me a key for a program that they said would cure my problem . However the program was a recovery program , it still did n't fix my card . It did have a format tool , which turned out only opened Vista 's built-in formatting program , nothing i have n't seen before . When I told them it did n't solve my problem they stopped responding.I asked if I could mail them my card for repair/replacement . No response.I never abused the card in anyway.With nothing to do -LRB- besides never buy from transcend again -RRB- , I formatted the card , although only to 512 KB.Now my computer does n't recognize it.The card is nice if you have a wobbly chair , I guess .
 I 'm an amateur photographer and I 've recently started to get into cinematography and photography on my T2i . I bought this card as a secondary card to my 8gb class 10 SanDisk card . I read reviews and recommendations that said this 16gb Transcend card was a great deal for price and bought it about a month ago . It worked great and I used it on numerous photo-shoots and long periods of shooting video . While on a paid photo and video shoot my camera stopped shooting in the middle of an interview and the card became unreadable . The card died on me and I lost all of the data on it . It seems that this card is not up to the standards that I would get with a more expensive card from SanDisk . I am now going to put the money into better performing cards rather than the cheap and easy ones after what happened .
 The price for this item was the best , but what I have to warn all of you about is the shipping . If you are ordering more than 1 item from this company , DO NOT believe the shipping chart they show ! This is a complete bait and switch from what is listed on they 're company site shipping list . I ordered 4 of these cards and it all shipped together , my order clearly said that the shipping charge was $ 6.95 for USPS First Class Mail padded pack , that must have cost , maybe $ 5.00 to ship . I was charged $ 27.92 for shipping!I know what you are thinking , that you review your order completely before accepting and I missed it ... I am the fool that missed that these liars charged me the shipping rate x4 ... . well I had ordered about 6 other things from all different companies and somehow I missed this . My fault yes , but just do n't let it be yours!I was going to cancel this order on Sun . morning when I noticed the HUGE shipping cost and they had already emailed me that morning 9/28/08 , saying that they had processed and shipped my order , so I can not cancel it because it has been ` shipped ' already ! On Sunday , through USPS !?! LIARS !! I am stuck paying the highway robbery price of shipping anyways , so I send them a complaint email , through amazon , that I am still waiting on a response from them . Oh , and did I mention , that then 3 days later on Wed. 10/1/08 I get another email from them telling me my items had actually now shipped ! Irony really setting in now , that I had received all other ordered items now except the one I paid the most for ... I could have canceled my order and stopped this rip-off from happening . Yes , I am the fool , but they are the liars . Please spend the extra 5 and order from ANYONE ELSE.Very disappointed and dissatisfied customer !
 i have a new Canon XSI and i have bought this product i have shot about a 1000 shots -LRB- for 4 days -RRB- in the desert and i did n't have access to a computer then when i went home i have had lost the first ~ 100 shots the computer and camera were unable to view those images ... i formatted the card with the camera once and with my reader once and i have the same result
 The card work the first two or three times I used it . Then it stopped working . I ca n't read or write to it anymore .
 I was able to get a download hotfix from MS that corrected the XP problem with recognizing the Transcend 8G SDHC card and it is now working just fine in my XP based Eee . I 'm a happy guy . The issue all along was not the Transcend card but XP support for any SDHC larger than 4G . Now I ca n't change the number of stars for this product or publish a new review . I will give it 5 stars .
 I have not received this item . It is 16 days late , what 's the problem ? Please contact me and rectify this situation . Thanks
 My memory card Transcend 8GB was due to arrive Feb. 9 and today is Feb. 13 and it still has not arrived . The tracking says that it is still in transit .
 I purchased a lumix digital camera together with this Trascend 8GB SHDC class 6 flash memory card TS8GSDHC6E . My daughter -LRB- Marcela Jimenez -RRB- was in New Jersey , where the product was delivered , today , she came back , and she let me know that she only received the camera , and not the memory card . Can you deliver it to the address that I gave you , since my brother in law lives there.Panasonic Lumix DMC-TS10 14.1 MP Digital Camera with 4x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom and 2.7-Inch LCD -LRB- Blue -RRB- Sold by
 The Palm TX has a SDHC card slot . This card would not work . In fact , the TXcould n't even ` see ' it when loaded in the slot . There 's no info in the Transcend product description indicating incompatibility with the Palm . Was never able to determine how the card would perform otherwise .
 Will not work with an XP machine or a brand new HP printer , either by card slot , card reader or by USB cable . Seeking to return the card .
 I ordered this for my Kodak digital camera . The thing I did n't know is that this will not work in my camera . Why ? Because not all cameras , including mine , will accept and recognize a 4GB card . So , before ordering your card , ensure that your camera will accept the size GB card that you order !
 The seller does not ship within the two business days as stated . They do not ship or give tracking number and to top it off they do not respond to emails . Buy at your own risk !!
 I really enjoyed my 16GB SD-HC card , however the 5th time I used it some 4 months after purchasing it , while the card was stored in the best possible conditions , it became completely unreadable . I could no longer read a filesystem , format the card in camera , or use any recovery tools because the card actually , seriously died on me with 15GB of irreplaceable party pictures . I know that these kinds of failures are likely incredibly rare , as I have heard so little about failing flash cards ... but to experience the frustration caused by trusting Transcend with a crucial necessity . I need to wait for a replacement card now that it is a warranty issue , and no longer purchase a transcend product thinking I could count on it .
 This Transcend 16 GB Class 6 SDHC Flash Memory Card TS16GSDHC6E FAILED during the first time I tried to download the AVCHD video files to my Windows computer . I lost some of the priceless wedding videos on it and the card is not readable on any hardware or software that I 've tried , including many data recovery programs , Windows and Linux operating systems on 3 different computers , SDHC cameras , and SDHC memory card readers.I do n't think I will be persuaded into buying another Transcend video card , and will likely avoid other Transcend products , after this experience.For my replacement video card , I am going with a Kingston 16 GB SDHC Class 4 Video Flash Memory Card SDV/16GB -LRB- Blue -RRB- sold and shipped by Amazon , as well , which is said to have been made specifically for digital video files and is backed by a lifetime warranty and 24/7 live technical support . I hope to get a reliable card in Kingston , whose RAM memory chips I 've used in the past with great success.Amazon has been great in refunding my purchase and even allowing me to keep the failed card in hopes of one day hiring expensive data recovery services to recover my lost wedding videos , -LRB- though avoiding the unpleasant process would have ultimately been better -RRB- . The following is a thank you email that has been returned to me . I am posting it here as I have no other way to send it to the proper Amazon representative recipient . `` Dear Prashanth D. , Thank you so much for addressing these issues and so quickly ! You have simultaneously exceeded my expectations and fulfilled my hopes of what can be fairly and reasonably done by Amazon to help me best remedy the situation . You have represented Amazon to its fullest capacity and have resolved all that a top tier retailer can in this regard with such efficiency . I would also like to thank you for showing me concern and respect as a customer and person , something which has not gone unnoticed and something that goes beyond the value of transacted goods . I hope that your actions and professionalism serve to elevate you and Amazon in multifold ways.Thank you , again ! ''
 When I bought my Canon T1i , upgrading from a Digital Rebel XT , I bought a SanDisk Extreme III Class 6 16GB SDHC card . I can shot about 54 rapid fire `` sports '' shots -LRB- `` large '' jpg only , no RAW -RRB- before the camera slows down using the SanDisk . Using this Transcend I can do about 28 before the camera slows down . This is mounted on a tripod pointed at a light so it 's very bright with the shutter relaese held down . Either the SanDisk Extreme III is much faster than Class 6 - OR - the Transcend is much slower , either way , if you 're shooting lots of rapid fire images as I do or HD video skip the Transcend as it does n't hold up to advertisement.Also , before anyone says ` well , the Sandisk is 2x the price ' , they 're right but you get what you pay for in this case and if you need speed , this is NOT the device for you . If , on the other hand , all you 're doing is shooting the occassional photo , it 'll probably be just fine as they have a good reputuation for reliablity . Too bad performance does n't match . I was prepared to buy several more.In the end I ordered SanDisk 's new Extreme Class 10 card and paid $ 104 for it , but when speed counts , $ is secondary .
 Ordered three of these memory cards which were used in three separate devices -LRB- digital camcorder , DSLR , laptop -RRB- . All three cards died within a week of usage . Lost all my videos and photos . Amazon + ButterflyPhoto refused to compensate for or replace the defective cards ! BUYER BEWARE !
 This memory card worked well for two months ... fast speeds and was reliable . then one day i turned on my camera only to see Error with memory card message . would not allow me to reformat -LRB- the option was greyed out -RRB- . thought it might be the camera itself , but tried the card in my other camera and got the same results . the card is NOT locked . could not even view the contents on the card via camera.contacted Transcend and have yet to hear a reply to my email/problem . very disappointed in this product and their customer service -LRB- non existent -RRB- . would return this to amazon but am out of the 30 day return policy.never buying one of these from transcend again , i suggest you avoid this brand and go with something more reliable . $ 40 down the drain .
 I have been an Amazon.com customer for many years and this is the first review I 've ever submitted . DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT ! I have been planning an Alaska trip for 3 years , even bought a new Canon SX110IS -LRB- GREAT camera by the way -RRB- for the event . I purchased 2 of the Transcend 4GB SDHC cards from Amazon.com at just under $ 8 each . I definitely got what I paid for . On the second day of the trip I noticed that several of my picture files were `` unreadable '' on the camera . The next day I lost several more . I ended up going to a Best Buy in Billings , Montana to buy a 4GB Sandisk SDHC card for $ 32 , and it has worked beautifully . So whoever buys these Transcend cards and thinks they 're getting such a great deal may want to think again .
 From the first day I started using this memory card , I have had problems with it . In the first week or two I had to format the card with my camera -LRB- Canon EOS Rebel XS -RRB- or remove and re-insert it in order to take pictures . Then I started getting error message that told me images could not be read , memory card is not recognized , insert a new card to shoot ... and finally it got so bad that I could not format the card at all with my camera or on a computer , making it impossible to review or download images or shoot new ones . Luckily I did n't have anything important on the card . I do n't recommend this product . I recently bought a SanDisc Extreme III , which works just fine .
 While they charged by credit card , it never arrived . I 've canceled the charge , thank goodness I used Amex.I would buy from them .
 I bought this SD card for 2 applications :1 -RRB- I am a musician who records himself and his students practicing with a `` mere '' digital pocket camera -LRB- both aPanasonic Lumix DMC-TZ4K 8.1 MP Digital Camera with 10x Wide Angle MEGA Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB- and aCanon PowerShot A720IS 8MP Digital Camera with 6x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom , depending on which movie format I need -- this card works great in both -RRB- set on `` movie '' mode . I 've reached the point where I 've needed more storage time than I had on the high-performance/speed 2GB Kingston and SanDisk cards I was using , and this card has performed remarkably well .2 -RRB- I also make audio-only recordings of myself , as well as rehearsals and performances of larger ensembles I play with on myZoom H2 Handy Portable Stereo Recorder , and this card should provide about 8-hours of recording time at CD quality . I tend to record at higher quality levels -LRB- up to 96kHz , 24-bit -RRB- , so I need more recording space than most . The device -LRB- advertised to accept up to 16GB SD cards -RRB- takes a while to recognize this card and to format it , but it seems to work pretty well after that.I was VERY impressed with this card , and the price is almost so low it 's scary -- but I believe it 's worth it , at least for recording video . As for audio ... The biggest negative is that once it has a bunch of data on it , it takes a VERY long time to format -LRB- also , the H2 ca n't recognize it -- not even to reformat for its own use -- if it 's been formatted for the Canon , and I have n't had this problem with other SD cards -RRB- . I had it about 1/2 full with . avi files , and it took 15 MINUTES -LRB- !!! -RRB- to format on a Core2 Quad Processor -LRB- Q6600 -RRB- with 4 GB of RAM through the computer 's media port slots -LRB- connected via an internal USB bus -RRB- . Most SD cards of 2GB-4GB take only a matter of SECONDS to format this way ; this card formatted in seconds also the FIRST time , but subsequent attempts have taken MUCH longer , as described above.This has me a bit nervous as to what 's going on . Is the computer having to fix data errors on the card along the way ? What 's the holdup ? I 'm concerned enough that I wo n't be using this card to record my more important gigs -- it will remain in my case as an emergency backup.Recommended with hesitation ...
 I bought this SD card for 2 applications :1 -RRB- I am a musician who records himself and his students practicing with a `` mere '' digital pocket camera -LRB- both aPanasonic Lumix DMC-TZ4K 8.1 MP Digital Camera with 10x Wide Angle MEGA Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Black -RRB- and aCanon PowerShot A720IS 8MP Digital Camera with 6x Optical Image Stabilized Zoom , depending on which movie format I need -- this card works great in both -RRB- set on `` movie '' mode . I 've reached the point where I 've needed more storage time than I had on the high-performance/speed 2GB Kingston and SanDisk cards I was using , and this card has performed remarkably well .2 -RRB- I also make audio-only recordings of myself , as well as rehearsals and performances of larger ensembles I play with on myZoom H2 Handy Portable Stereo Recorder , and this card should provide about 8-hours of recording time at CD quality . I tend to record at higher quality levels -LRB- up to 96kHz , 24-bit -RRB- , so I need more recording space than most . The device -LRB- advertised to accept up to 16GB SD cards -RRB- takes a while to recognize this card and to format it , but it seems to work pretty well after that.I was VERY impressed with this card , and the price is almost so low it 's scary -- but I believe it 's worth it , at least for recording video . As for audio ... The biggest negative is that once it has a bunch of data on it , it takes a VERY long time to format -LRB- also , the H2 ca n't recognize it -- not even to reformat for its own use -- if it 's been formatted for the Canon , and I have n't had this problem with other SD cards -RRB- . I had it about 1/2 full with . avi files , and it took 15 MINUTES -LRB- !!! -RRB- to format on a Core2 Quad Processor -LRB- Q6600 -RRB- with 4 GB of RAM through the computer 's media port slots -LRB- connected via an internal USB bus -RRB- . Most SD cards of 2GB-4GB take only a matter of SECONDS to format this way ; this card formatted in seconds also the FIRST time , but subsequent attempts have taken MUCH longer , as described above.This has me a bit nervous as to what 's going on . Is the computer having to fix data errors on the card along the way ? What 's the holdup ? I 'm concerned enough that I wo n't be using this card to record my more important gigs -- it will remain in my case as an emergency backup.Recommended with hesitation ...
 I bought this item a few months back for an ASUS Eee PC . Sometime later the Eee PC went south in odd ways , and after some tinkering I managed to isolate the 8 GB flash card as a suspect . I reformatted it and put it in a digital camera to see if I got errors there.It worked fine for a while and then I started to get errors while trying to dump pictures from the card after plugging it into my HP desktop . The first error I recovered the card after a file system repair , the second time the card had to be reformatted . Since I could n't trust it , I tossed it . Incidentally , the HP desktop worked fine with other flash cards.I would say that the card worked fine most of the time in both the Eee PC and the digital camera . Since I have only one sample point to consider , there 's no way I have of knowing if there was a real problem with the product , or if the chip I bought was an `` outlier '' and other chips work fine in general . But I throw out my experience as a data point .
 I purchased this memory along with a Canon XSi . The card would allow the camera to take pictures and would save them to be viewed via the camera 's preview function , but I could not download any of the pictures to a computer or printer . I could n't even recover the files using some high end data recovery software . I have since been using several of my 1GB Sandisk memory cards that I use with my point-and-shoot cameras and they work perfectly . Do n't waste your money on this worthless piece of silicon and plastic . It 's not worth the hassle .
 Ordered this item on May 27 2008 for $ 32.25 and it died on August 20 2008 . The item was used for few things with very little use during its lifetime . Only 30 day return policy by amazon . Poor!I would recommend that you buy another brand , maybe more expensive as this one did not pass the test . Good thing i always keep a copy of all my flash drives.Hope this helps you guys .
 I 'm like the rest of you that gave this card a 1 star rating . I bought the card because I needed more storage space . I have an 8 gig version of this same card that has worked perfectly for a year . I recently bought a Panasonic Lumix DMC ZS7 because I wanted a more `` top of the line '' level point and shoot . I work at a school and frequently do video/picture shoots for school related events . We had a Cinco De Mayo event , and the school was going to pay me $ 200.00 to film and take pics of the event . The Lumix and 16 gig card was PERFECT for this . One camera that could video and photograph with great quality . I filmed and took pics of the event with the camera , and there were no problems . When I got home , I plugged the card into my SDHC card reader , and the computer showed the little `` Removable disc L : '' icon in the ` My Computer '' window . But when I double clicked on the icon to get to the pics and videos , a box popped up that said `` Please insert disc into drive L : '' . I thought that was ODD , so I unplugged the card from the reader and replugged it in . The same error occurred . I then figured I 'd just put the card back into the camera and read the data off the camera . Guess what ? I got an error message on the camera that said `` Please insert SD card '' . I have an old Canon Powershot A570 that I planned on selling . I put the card into it , and got an error saying `` Memory Card error '' . I came on amazon , hoping someone else had the same problem and a solution to it . I saw a few posts that said if you set the card to the `` lock '' position , the card suddenly becomes readable and you can retrieve your data off it . Others have said that they used data recovery software that was able to detect the card and get some/all their lost data back . I tried that with TWO data recovery softwares , and NEITHER of them was even able to detect the card when in the card reader . All in all , I lost out on a $ 200.00 shoot because this card lost all my data on it 's VERY FIRST USE , and is no longer even useable by my camera OR computer . I will never buy another Transcend product for as long as I live . All it takes is ONE error of this magnitude , and it is enough to make you stay away ... for GOOD .
 I bought this card due to the price , I have never had any problems with an SD card before and I have had about ten . I had a problem with the card one time but I was just playing around with my camera . I formatted the card and it seemed to work fine . But then when I was taking pictures of something important , it did it again and I had to recover the pictures . I dont want to have to keep recovering the pictures or risk losing pictures I take . Definite Return . I have never posted a review before , but had to after this bad experience .
 Once upon a time , I was looking to get a larger SD card . 16GB for $ 40 ? Why not ? I might not use all of it , but better more than less . Following that train of thought , I looked for the fastest 16GB card in the range . Transcend . An established company would n't put out a lemon , would it ? The 100 or so one star reviews were tempered by the 500 five star ones . I was feeling lucky , so to speak . Unfortunately , I was not -LRB- mostly -RRB- . A week into college , it decided to brick up on me , right after a beach party event . To its credit , I had taken more than 1000 pictures with it over about three weeks . Still , $ 40 down the drain . I will never trust Transcend again , thus making the warranty useless.Now , my point . If you 're looking at the ratings , 1/6 of the reviews are one star , for one reason or another . Most likely , you will be part of the group that has no problems . This card was EXTREMELY fast . HDTune got 17-20 mb/s consistently . It had more space than I could have ever filled . For those lucky people , this card is ideal . For the minority , this card will be hell . It has more space than you could fill over a two week cruise , before destroying every one of the pictures . Personally , I count myself lucky in that respect . All that was lost was a sunset event . But think
 I got this card with my Nikon L100 and it gave me the `` this card can not be used error '' I tried to format the card but the camera locks up . I tried to format it on my computer but it still gave me the same error . Im sure this card works great with other devices . I 'm able to write files to it at amazing speeds , but just not with my L100 .
 I have no problem with it but it was a bit over $ 14.00 . Now that they have raised the price to $ 18.00 not quite as a good deal but stil good since I have had no problems with it .
 Well , based on the almost 3000 Amazon reviews , I went out on a limb and spent the few bucks to get this card . Unfortunately , I was n't one of the lucky ones without issues . The card seemed to work ok at first , but after a couple of uses in my camera , it suddenly stopped being read . The camera showed an error that the card could n't be used , so I pulled it out and put it directly into my PC 's card reader only to see another error message that the card was invalid and needed formatting . I eventually got my vacation pics off of it , but I do n't think I 'm taking any more chances on this card again . Luckily , it was cheap enough to just toss . I wo n't bother returning it , because I now do not trust this brand and do n't want another clunker . I 'll go for ones I have had success with before - SanDisk or Kingston . Good luck , but buyer beware . You get what you pay for .
 I bought two of these cards to load video files . After two months , the first card started to give file system errors . Since I was using them on Ubuntu , I fsck 'd the file system which took care of the problem for the time . But afterwords , same errors continued to pop up . The second card also did exactly what the first one reported . Bottom line , I believe these cards have a very low reliability score and are subject to `` infant mortality '' , as called in the electronics industry . I will try SanDisk and see if the same happens . See my upcoming review , and be cautioned with this info .
 I read a lot of positive reviews about this card , and I was excited about having 8 more gigs to increase the capacity of my Creative Zen Mp3 player.Unfortunately , when I received the card , I did n't have an immediate use for it , so I did n't check it out right away . I let it sit around for about two months.This weekend I went to use it , and it was n't recognized by either the Zen or the computer . I 've tried several tests to see if the problem was on the end of the computer/mp3 player , but the issue seems to be with the card . It must be a dud.I have to dig up my receipt and see if I kept any packaging . it 's too late to return this to Amazon , so I 'll see what Transcend has to offer , if anything . It 's disappointing to not be able to rely on such a purchase when I most needed it . Now I probably have to go to a local shop and see if I can find something that compares , although I know it will be hard to get as good a deal for this much storage . **** UPDATE ***** It 's been a couple weeks since I tried using this card . On a whim , I decided to try it again , and this time it worked - my computer found it and so did my mp3 player ! Strange ! I 'll cross my fingers and hope it continues to work after this . It would be a shame to start storing a lot of music or other files on it and then lose it all .
 After two months of use I noticed severe data loss . . pictures from my vacation became unreadable . I thought it was just a one-off but so I formatted the card -LRB- in my camera -RRB- and used it again . Low and behold . . same thing . Some pictures became unreadable and lost again.Wouldn ' t go with Transcend ever again . . I 'm going with Kingston .
 I bought a new Digital Camera and bought this 8GB SCHC card with it . It showed up a few days after the camera so not a big deal . UNFORTUNATELY it is a piece of garbage . Took 32 pictures at 14mp and it said the 8GB card was full . Not only that but 10 % of the pics were corrupt . I reformatted the card with the camera and got 47 pics with the same reult -LRB- card full / lots of corrupt pics -RRB- 3rd time i got 152 pics with about 25 % corruption . 4th time 52 pics and same results . I then reformated with the PC , same thing , reformat with pc and the camera , same results . I was leaving for a 3 week grand canyon rafting trip 2 days later so I had to go buy another SC card . I bought a different brand -LRB- Delkin -RRB- of course and it works perfectly.On return from the trip I called Beach Camera but since I didnt have to original packaging they wouldnt replace it . Who ever keeps the little cardboard sleeve the cards come in after you have to rip it in half to get the card out . I guess thats one way to get around warranty issues . They told me to call Transcend and they would replace it since it has a 1 year warranty . SO , I called Transcend and was told , `` No problem just fill out the online form and mail it back and in a few weeks well send you another card . '' PROBLEM , The online form requires you to put in the product # found on the cardboard sleeve or you cant even finish filling out the form . Its not anywhere on the card itself . SO , I had to call Transcend again and get the product # to finish the form . The Cusomer service rep did tell me the card has a lifetime warranty vs electrical problems -LRB- not 1 year like Beach Camera told me -RRB- . Physical damge voids warranty obviously.I hope the new card works ... even though I 'll probably never use it since I had to buy another card before the trip .
 Like many -LRB- apparently many many -RRB- others my 16GB Transcend SD card failed . I guess I 'm one of the lucky ones that got at least 10 months of trouble free use in my video cam . I 'm moving back to San Disk . I 've never had one of those fail . You save 20 bucks by buying this card , but the savings is not worth taking the risk of losing important videos or stills .
 This 16 gig SDHC card worked flawlessly for about a year . Suddenly , it failed . I downloaded special software to save the pics -LRB- over 1,500 -RRB- . After saving the photos , I was unable to reformat the card so I could use it again . Tried camera , two different PCs , Windows formatting , special SD card formatting software , FAT 32 , exFAT -- nothing worked . It did it 's job for a year , but now it 's useless .
 The card worked for about 20 pictures then started giving errors to be formatted . I formatted to no avail . I called the company I bought it from who then referred me to Transcend directly . Contacting them directly is impossible !!! You get no response . My card is currently on it 's way to Transcend and hopefully they will replace with one that works , although I will not use it for anything super important .
 It does its job well . BUT , I was not able to read it in on my computer . You 'll have to check to see if your computer can read this device ... go to the Transcend site to find out before you buy . It obviously is n't backward compatible . Therefore , 2 stars is generous ... got to be able to read what 's on there !
 On the last day of my trip to Costa Rica I clicked the shutter on a Canon G9 and it beeped several times at me . I tried again , same response . I checked screen and it read `` Card Locked '' . Back in the car I tried everything from setting and unsetting the little lock tab to a new battery . I could n't display any of the 100 + / - photos taken , shoot anymore , or even access functions like `` format '' . Back home neither of our computers recognize it as a device , and my wife 's camera simply says `` no memory card '' when I try it there.All photos are lost and I am returning this `` dead piece of plastic '' tomorrow . I would love to see some statistics on how often this happens and if any brand is more reliable . Trip was great otherwise .
 Neither the camera nor the PC would recognize this card . Sent email to tech support requesting assistance . 2 weeks later and still no response . Card is useless to me .
 On the last day of my trip to Costa Rica I clicked the shutter on a Canon G9 and it beeped several times at me . I tried again , same response . I checked screen and it read `` Card Locked '' . Back in the car I tried everything from setting and unsetting the little lock tab to a new battery . I could n't display any of the 100 + / - photos taken , shoot anymore , or even access functions like `` format '' . Back home neither of our computers recognize it as a device , and my wife 's camera simply says `` no memory card '' when I try it there.All photos are lost and I am returning this `` dead piece of plastic '' tomorrow . I would love to see some statistics on how often this happens and if any brand is more reliable . Trip was great otherwise .
 I ordered two of these for a new GPS unit I purchased . To my surprise and dismay , one of the two was DOA . I have dozens of Flash cards used for enumerable purposes . This is the first time I have had a bad one . I was a bit concerned about how inexpensive these were . At this price , it 's hardly worth my time to go and package and ship it back , I 'll probably just eat the 17 dollars . Live and learn ...
 I purchased this memory along with a Canon XSi . The card would allow the camera to take pictures and would save them to be viewed via the camera 's preview function , but I could not download any of the pictures to a computer or printer . I could n't even recover the files using some high end data recovery software . I have since been using several of my 1GB Sandisk memory cards that I use with my point-and-shoot cameras and they work perfectly . Do n't waste your money on this worthless piece of silicon and plastic . It 's not worth the hassle .
 I just got this memory card , it is like my 5th or 6th SD card -LRB- 1st 8GB -RRB- and it is the only one that every time I plug to my computer the pics I saved on it disappear . It is also the first card in which my computer says there is an error with a picture and therefore it will not save . I thought there was a problem with my camera , but I did the same process -LRB- copy and paste -RRB- to another media and all the pics `` pasted '' to the USB with no error .
 I was able to get a download hotfix from MS that corrected the XP problem with recognizing the Transcend 8G SDHC card and it is now working just fine in my XP based Eee . I 'm a happy guy . The issue all along was not the Transcend card but XP support for any SDHC larger than 4G . Now I ca n't change the number of stars for this product or publish a new review . I will give it 5 stars .
 I bought one for my Panasonic TZ1 camera , but the camera does not recognize the card . Going to return it.The TZ1 manual says it accepts 8GB SDHC card .4 / 6/2008 : I like to revise my review . The card works on a Casio EX-V8 . So it was not the card 's problem , but the Panasonic TZ1 's problem.I want to give it a 5 star , but have no way to change it .
 I had a very bad experience with this product ! I intend to return this purchaseand want my money back.The memory card did not let me print the photos at the lab.Lots of bad news from other customers also who purchased this brand.I will never purchase this brand again . I lost over 75 photos !
 I ordered this item along with a camera with two day shipping . The camera shipping was $ 11.97 and the shipping on the SD card was $ 25.66 . So a card priced at $ 18.93 would have cost $ 44.59 .
 I was also concerned with the quality of this card . After waiting over a month for my high def camera to arrive I found the card did not work . Amazon 's policy makes it difficult to return after the return for expires -LRB- 4 weeks ? -RRB- . Other cards may work fine but check them out fast to avoid wasting your mony as I did . I will find some where ele to buy memeory with a more friendly return polocy for non working items .
 i ordered an 8gb card but recieved in the mail a 4gb card since i needed it right away i opened it and used itI really wish i had recieved this item correctly the first time and am very tired of the shippers making these stupid mistakes and I will not give them the opportunity to make it betterMaybe they can get it right the first time
 Never purchased a transcend product before , and I wo n't again . After a week of use , during a family gathering , the card started displaying an error when inserted in the camera . Luckily , we had a spare memory card to use . The card also became unreadable in the SD slot on my computer.I 'll stick with the brands I 'm used to . It 's worth the negligible price increase to get reliability .
 When this card stopped working after a few weeks of being in my camera I was not not surprised , because these things are cheaply made and a certain percentage fail . I went through the process of getting a refund authorization code and mailed it in fully expecting Transcend to replace the card . I was stunned when I got the card back with a form letter saying I had done one of a list of things which absolved them of replacing their defective product -LRB- I did n't -RRB- . The letter also had a series of check boxes which seemed to indicated the product I had sent in was counterfeit . I sent them a protest letter asking them to do the right thing , but they did n't respond . I bought a Sandisk card . Please do the same and avoid dealing with a company that refuses to replace its defective prodcuts .
 Two days after my camcorder , memory card and bag . I got this sent to me and they charged me for it . I did n't order it but paid for it anyway . I got two memory cards now and a lighter wallet .
 I have never received this item since I bought it a month ago . The seller just deceives the buyer . It is very frustrating when you are cheated by the seller .
 Plugged in and never worked at all , would n't even register on my PC . I bought another card at the same time -LRB- different brand -RRB- and it worked perfect . This one is cheap , but no good ...
 I purchased 3 cards from HDMIKing . None of them worked in my Canon HF10 . I doubt the 3 cards I got were actually Class 6 . One showed up as Class 3 . I have another Transcend card I purchased a year ago from another store that does work in my Canon HF10 . Looks like I got a bad batch . I have since purchased a Sandisk Extreme III SDHC card from Adorama and it works perfectly fine . I 'll stick with Sandisk in the future .
 The card was good while it lasted but I expected a life cycle of greater than 1 year .
 This card died after 1 month of useing . What is sad is that 16Gb of memories are gone now too . I see many glowing reviews here and maybe I not lucky or something but memories are gone now .
 This item was dead on arrival . I tried it in several devices and all devices returned a `` Locked '' message , like the switch was in the locked position . Situations like this make me appreciate Amazon 's return policy . I replaced it with a Kingston card and that has worked well .
 I received this from Amazon - it did not work at all - Canon Camera kept reading it as memory card error - I replaced with another card from different company and it worked proving the chip was defective . The chips are cheap and hence the performance is unreliable .
 Card was malfunctional from the beginning . I bought a new camera at the same time and thought the problem was the camera and so returned it onlt to realize that it was the card when I got a new camera replacement
 It was nice while it lasted , but it failed after a few days . Neither of my two computers will read the card any longer . I 'm not sure if this is an isolated case or if this points to other quality control issues , see other reviews to see if there is any pattern on defective units .
 These cards are a little bit slower and sometimes corrupt my files . There is a brand that I get at Target that I have been very happy with - Lexar Platinum II , class 6 . I was hoping that these would be comparable , but they were not . The Lexars perform much better .
 Now , I might be wrong ... but if a 4GB card gets me 17:29 minutes of HD video , I should expect about 4 times that ammount with a 16GB card . That equates to about somewhere around 70 minutes . Why am I only getting 18:59 minutes out of it ? It says there is 14.9 GB there and available when I plug it in to my computer . It is n't the camera , trust me .
 While using this card with a Sigma DP2S , about 5 % of my Raw files could not be read in Lightroom . This happened with both cards . Did not have this issue with a Sandisk card in the camera ... so could be a specific compatibility issue between that camera and the card , but still , it caused me to lose a number of photos .
 I used on my Canon 60d for photos are fine but 1080p video it randomly stops recording which is pretty annoying when your trying to capture the moment .
 I ordered this SD card last December but I did not use it until a month ago . I used it for a dashboard camera for cars . The SD card was dead when storage was fully used . It ca n't be read or detected by computer or dashboard camera anymore so I have no way to re-format it . My dashboard camera works with other SD cards without any problem . Now this SD card is a trash to me .
 I lost 16GB of priceless footage and photos on my current trip - the card does not mount anymore , and any card recovery tools I have tried so far are not working . Transcend offers no tools to recover , either . Very disappointing . You get what you pay for .
 i bought two of those item for my canon HD videocamera . i went to SF and captured some moments with my daughter and wife at union square , chinatown , golden gate , etc. . Without even taking the memory out of the camera , it said `` please insert a memory card '' . i changed with the other memory card and it had no problem , so the camera was right and the card was the wrong thing . now , even if i have 99 good cards , the one with my memories is broken and it deserves 1 star .
 I purchased this 16 gb memory card and could n't wait to get it and use it in my new Canon Rebel Xsi . I purchased the camera and the card specifically to take pictures at my parent 's 50th wedding anniversary party and of my son 's football games . I took pictures at the party - turned out great as I reviewed them on the camera . I then took pictures of my son 's first highschool football game - again , reviewed , great pictures . When I took it for its 3rd use at my son 's second highschool football game after taking pictures of 3 quarters of the game , my camera would not take pictures anymore . I assumed the memory was full , but got a message that said Card is not formatted . I thought that was odd , but nothing to worry about - WRONG !!! I returned home and my son and I anxiously awaited the viewing of the photos . When we tried to review them in the camera it would keep giving me the same memory card not formatted message . My daughter took the memory card , after trying to upload the pictures to the computer , to her photography teacher . He claims there is nothing we can do about it , that the pictures are not recoverable . I am devastated and heartbroken . My two sisters and I planned that Anniversary Party for over a year . We had a terrific turnout , and the place looked beautiful . I lost pictures of our guests , my parents , friends , relatives , cake cutting , toasting , the grandchildren 's special dance for our parents , everything . Not to mention my son 's tackles and his friends touchdown last night which I assured him I had captured . I do n't know what to do . When my daughter called me here at work , I started to cry . I can not believe that a company would put out a product that has failed for so many people and not realize the impact it has on its customers . If anyone has any suggestions as to how I might recover any of these pictures , please , please write it here . I am desparate and grieving for the loss of those memories .
 This card seemed great for awhile . But after taking many pictures of my son 's first t-ball game , I suddenly got a `` Card Error '' message . My only choice was to re-format the card , thus losing all of the pictures . :-LRB- After the same thing happened the next two times in a row , I gave up and went a bought a new card from Best Buy . No problems so far with that one . Of course I am past the return window on this one , so I guess I 'm out of luck like the rest of the 1-star people on here . The saddest part of course is that the pictures are permanently lost .
 I will never buy a transcend product ever again ! After using this a few times in my camera , it went dead . You get what you pay for .
 i have a new Canon XSI and i have bought this product i have shot about a 1000 shots -LRB- for 4 days -RRB- in the desert and i did n't have access to a computer then when i went home i have had lost the first ~ 100 shots the computer and camera were unable to view those images ... i formatted the card with the camera once and with my reader once and i have the same result
 I purchased this card and cant get it formatted to anything Its a dud wishing I could get my money back
 Mine failed within days . . gave `` write error '' messages on all three cameras I tried it in , and could not be formattedAnnoying
 Do not buy this product . I want to give it zero stars . I used it in my new camera , successfully took a couple dozen vacation pictures , then had it go black with `` Memory Card Error '' showing on the screen . After lengthly communications with Transcend , and sending the card to them , the card was returned with the message `` Non-Transcend Part '' . All attempts to recover the pictures have failed . Transcend was very helpful , but could do nothing with a card they did not make . This card is inexpensive for a reason ! Beware ! I eventually did receive a refund the seller and $ 3 from Amazon .
 After 1 week of using , the card burnt ! after contacting the store they told me that i should only use san disk or kingston !
 Bought two of these to take on our trip to Greece . Both got corrupted after 900 pictures or so . Before the trip both cards were formatted in camera -LRB- Rebel XTI -RRB- to ensure compatibility . I quickly replaced them with a Kingston of same speed and size and no corruption occurred so the camera was not the problem . Fortunately I was able to recover about 90 % of the images using recovery softwares -LRB- costs $ $ $ $ too -RRB- but the remaining of the trip was not as enjoyable because I was worried that the pictures were irrecoverable . I do n't recommend these cards whatsoever . I 'll return these cards if I could . Buyers beware !!!
 I bought this card for my Panasonic ZS3 . It worked a few times , but now it only gives me a write error . I 've tried to format on several cameras and computers and it wo n't format . Worthless .
 I purchased a pair of these cards back in July 2009 for my Sony PMW-EX1 , full-size HD Camera . I used them with an MxR Adapter and they worked wonderfully for recording hours upon hours of documentary footage . At the end April this year Digital SLR Cameras were becoming quite affordable and versatile . I purchased a Canon T2i and two more of the Transcend 16gb Class 6 cards . I was on my way to the Middle East to record a graduation and would eventually visit London.Using the Canon T2i indoors was fine , it would of course overheat if used constantly for over 40 minutes . I shot outside one day and let the camera rest every once and awhile . It was hot out . When I finally finished shooting my camera turned off by itself . I learned the memory card had fried.I returned back to the states and brought it to professional specialists who were unable to read the card , even through using a linux machine . I continued using my remaining cards to shoot , but began seeing overheating warnings after 30 minutes of shooting , mostly indoors.Today I was testing out my cards and one of them would report an error after recording 2 minutes on my Sony PMW-EX1 . I have a feeling these cards have low life-span and with the combination of heat and new technology , you may end up losing thousands of memories in a FLASH . Pun intended.I would recommend spending more to save your data and back up CONSTANTLY .
 I 've bought this memory card for my daugther to use with her Canon Digital camera for her 10-day France Trip in Summer 2010 . She took more than 600 pictures with this memory card during her trip . Sadly ... all the pictures are unreadable ! She 's contacting with Transcend to find a solution for this costly error , but no response.She has enjoyed her France Trip , but no memory because this flsh memory card was unreadable . It seemed like this product was Dead-On-Arrival -LRB- DOA -RRB- . She was very sad and upset !!! DO NOT buy this junk ... You will regret.Tony
 I bought this new with my Nicon camera . I was thrilled with the price , because SD cards have really gone down in price . My last one , a 1GB was nearly $ 50 ! But , when I first put it in I got a error `` This card can not be used . '' I took it out and reinserted it and it worked fine . I decided to leave it in the camera and use the cord to download . Then when I decided to take it to a special function - one of those `` once in a lifetime '' events , there was the dumb error again ! So I took the card to Walmart for them to see if it worked in another camera . They said it was fine , so I figured my camera had failed . But , later when I got home , it worked fine once again . I 'm going on a cruise in a few weeks , so I 'm going to have to buy another SD card - this time a Sandisk - so I wo n't ruin my vacation .
 Every time I put it in my computer card reader to locks up computer . I 've had 2 now with the same results . I wo n't have any more in my house
 The memory card was not compatible with my camara . I returned the memory card over two weeks ago to erecive a refund . The seller claims that they have not receivedthe item . I will not be buying from them again s I have not been refunded .
 The 4 gb SD card does not work good I can not get the pictures off of it.My computer does not read the card , can not format it.I tried other PCs with no success . Now I am having trouble returning the card .
 I bought 3 Transcend 16 GB Class 6 SDHC cards along with the Canon AVCHD HF100 flash-based HD camcorder . 1 card exhibited a buffer overrun error in the camera within the first hour of video . Then the camcorder would n't even read the card or the videos already on it . Luckily , I was able to recover the videos using data recovery software . Incidentally , the other 2 identical Transcend cards I have did n't seem to have the issue , but a 33 % failure rate is bad news . I 'm staying away from Transcend from now on .
 We purchased this as a gift and it did not work , Amazon says they will refund 50-80 % . Frustration free packaging means units that have already been opened and returned by others . First time Amazon has ripped me off but we have already started ordering everything elsewhere . Amazon made 20 or so bucks but will lose thousands a year in sales . If you purchase this card test it within 30 days as someone else is going to get my busted card just as someone else before me had this one . Never had a problem with SanDisk and will always pay the extra for the real thing . Bye Bye Transcend AND Amazon .
 I shot video on my Canon T1 and out of nowhere the card could not be read and had to be formated .
 For some reason I expected these cases to be thin cases of standard height -LRB- 5 '' -RRB- and width -LRB- 6 '' -RRB- with a transparent front lid . What I wanted is made by Verbatim -LRB- and I suppose others -RRB- . I recently ordered and received the Verbatim cases but two out of three I tried broke at the hinges when I opened them . This is probably lot related but I sent them back and looked for a similar item . Some reviews mention the problem too.I like to affix full-face glossy inkjet printed labels to my DVDs , wo n't work in these Memorex cases . And I do n't like the size -LRB- 6 '' X 7 '' -RRB- . The cases do have a place to slide a label in both front and rear but did n't appeal to me . Looks tough to slide an inkjet glossy label into the pouch.I 'd return these cases but it 's hardly worth the hassle even though Amazon makes it very easy and the goof was mine .
 These are the worst thin DVD cases I 've ever made the mistake of buying . Sure the colors are nice but the first priority in any case should be having an effective hub to keep the discs in place , 3/4th 's of the time discs held in these cases pop off the hub when I open the case.Avoid at all costs .
 I thought I was ordering the square protectors for CDs . Instead they are rectangle and waste plastic . Wo n't order them again on line .
 This was a third purchase of this same product . Granted , I had n't re-purchased in over a year , but I guess it was a bad year for this product . While the outside colors seemed to be the same , it was the overall quality that really suffered . The clear plastic liner , which was once sturdy and substantial , is now extremely thin , and seems to be very easily torn or damaged . The closures , which used to be very snug and tight , now barely grip to hold the sleeve closed . The inside now has an almost `` matte '' appearance to it , instead of the gloss it used to have . The hub is very `` hit or miss '' . Some hold well , some do n't hold at all , and some grip too tight which could damage the DVD . Very disappointed in what used to be a great product .
 Easy to install . Below average documentation clarity . Display difficult to read in any sun , especially settings . Audio not very loud so have never heard fish notification but depth alarm is audible . Left over winter on boat out of any rain but fogged up badly . Fog cleared after a few months .
 I was looking forward to this transmitter . I thought it would be a good way to play music on my antique am radios from my computer/ipod . In short it does n't work . I double checked my work in fact checked the parts with my multi-meter -LRB- all tested good -RRB- - still does n't work . Some cold rainy day I 'll revisit it , but for now disappointed .
 The product arrived with the side of case locked . The key was inside the case in an unreachable area . I had to remove all the outside drive coverings to gain access , and then I was just barely able to cut the box with a bent hangar to have items fall to a reachable area inside . This is not the reason why I ordered one day shipping . Who was the genius in the company that decided to lock the key inside the case ?!
 I was disappointed in this case and do not recommend it . Pros
 Mine had a grounding issue which apparently has been solved . I contacted Antec - they sent me the middle piece -LRB- formerly chrome , now black -RRB- , no instructions , no information . Ridiculous . I bought a NZXT , problem solved .
 There is a very big and annoying problem with this product . It does not adequately discharge static electricity . If it has been running for a while and you , or your pet , brushes up against the metalic insert on the front of the panel , you can discharge your energy and crash the system . This happens all the time for me when inserting a USB drive . Antec is aware of the problem , here is their response : Comment
 A mediocre performer . It amplifies noise equally so you get the same weak signal in relation to the background .
 Bought this on a whim but read on how it a waste of $ 12.00 + The led lights are very cheap and very dim , you are better off buyingUSB LED Light for Laptop and PC Computer , Electronics & Computerswhich is cheaper and more effective . The body is very plasticky . The worst of it is the seller charged me $ 18.00 to ship a $ 12.00 item . Normally an item this size and weight should only cost about $ 4 - $ 5 at most to ship to my location . So yes , definitely feel ripped off . About the only good thing I can say is the fan blades are made of soft material , so you do n't have to worry about cutting your fingers by mistake . Save your money and get something else of better value.For everyone avoid this item , for me I 'm avoiding this seller .
 Put it all together and it does not work . The directions are horrible to follow and they should give you an option to purchase it assembled .
 The display on this device is really hard to read , and the contrast is poor . The box is quite large compared to the display itself , it feels like technology from 1992 . I ca n't recommend it . Hard to imagine the other products in this category are worse .
 I have been using this CardScan for a while now with Windows XP and it has proved to do an adequate job . However I recently changed to the Vista operating system and the scanner stopped working so I went looking for an downloadable update on the company website but was unable find any . I contacted CardScan by email and they replied that they indeed had an upgrade available but that I would have to pay $ 80 -LRB- plus S&H -RRB- for it . All of the other hardware vendors for other products I use with my computer -LRB- Dymo LabelWriter , Neat Receipts , etc -RRB- either offered a free downloadable Vista update or an update for a reasonable charge . Because of this I did not purchase the way overpriced CardScan upgrade and can now only give this otherwise good product two stars . I will not be purchasing another CardScan product in the future .
 Nothing on the server seems to respond to pings or anything else that the manual suggest might be available . Even reading the manual , it was somewhat difficult to even turn the device on , but once I removed the plastic tab and had it powered , it still refuses to respond . So far , INOi has n't even acknowledged any of my emails.Clearly , I do n't recommend .
 The teleconverter is not sharp enough , especially for a high-def camcorder . I made a test
 My husband bought me a Tivo for Christmas and we loved it until it died six months later . Look carefully at the warranty info and be prepared for poor customer service .
 Call me shallow , but I have a very cool home theater system here at home . I have one piece of advice for TiVo
 I bought the Tivo system about a month ago . Unfortunately , they do not have the correct line up for my cable provider . Without the right guide , the machine worthless . I have talked with them over 20 times and all I get are broken promises . Providing the programming is what they are supposed to do , but they simply will not take the time to do their job . I am very unhappy .
 I have had a Tivo for about two months . I will do my best not let my frustrations make my review to harsh . I hated Tivo . The video quality was poor , and it seems like they spent more time on graphics than on the actual working product . I was never told about the $ 10 service fee , plus that stupid dancing TV never suggested anything relevant to my viewing habits . How does giving Star Trek 3 thumbs up tell Big Brother Tivo that I like Spanish Soap operas ? IF A COMPANY IS GOING TO MONITOR WHAT I WATCH AT LEAST DO IT ACURATLEY . Unfortunately I am outside my return period and am stuck with it , and I am addicted to the features of a PVR . So i bought a Replay . Now that is a well thought out product . BACK TO THE DRAWING BOARD TIVO !
 This is a clever product that will be much improved in subsequent generations . Perhaps dolby digital output , and a larger drive for the money would be something for them to focus on . Presently , the hardware works very well . From time to time , it sticks on operations for a few seconds , but other than that it is very smooth and efficient , and it provides a television convenience that I really appreciate.On the other hand , the company is not very interested in correcting problems . I have several channels that are mixed up . I have called them many times to get them to fix the problem , yet they are still mixed up . When I call them , the people who answer the phone have no ability to help . They have to transfer me somewhere else . The average hold time on the transfer is between 10 minutes and never . You would not believe how long I have sat on hold.From what I understand , Replay doen not cherge for their programming and you get more storage for the money . I feel kind of stupid for having spent more money and ended up with mixed up programming and a company that seems to have no interest in getting it right.I am returning mine , and thinking of short-selling Tivo stock . A company that acts this way is unlikely to be around for a long time.Thanks for listening , I hope it helps .
 I am returning my TiVo after finding out about a few surprises . First the monthly fee . What ? Second it records and tries to guess what I might like to watch . Ok , ummm I share a TV with three people , so who does it think is watching it anyway . I 'm getting a ReplayTV . No monthly fees . It only records waht I want and it will give me six more hours of storage all for the same price . Plus I think the company has a straight-forward honest approach . Tivo is all glam with their bubbly TV guy everywhere .
 Well , the promises for ultimate control over watching television were certainly alluring enough to make the purchase of this rather-strangely designed machine -LRB- why does the faceplate remind me of HAL in 2001 ? -RRB- . Unfortunately , what I got was a lot more than I asked for
 I have enjoyed my Tivo for 2 years now . Bascially , we can no longer live without it . However , as a company , Tivo is absolutely horrible . Where to start ? My Tivo started to experience problems with video/audio synch lately . I called customer support and received suggestions for a fix , all of which I had tried . They were nice enough . Then I find out , to exchange my unit for a new one , it will cost $ 149.00 for parts and labor . Shipping is additional . OK . How about letting me save everyone the trouble and purchase a Tivo II -LRB- for much more money -RRB- and keep my current lifetime subscription ? Seeing as how I was an early adopter/evangelist , etc ? Uhh , no . Oh , and by the way , after you pay for repairs , they 're only warrantied for 30 DAYS ! Then , if you have further trouble , you 're SOL again . I ask if there 's a supervisor , or anyone available who 's interested in keeping a good customer ? Uhh , no . Well , I guess I can just buy Replay or Ultimate TV then ? Uhh , yeah . I do n't take the time to write online opinions or letters very often , but the policies and behavior of Tivo are so frustatingly bad , I just had to . Next on my list is the CEO . If they keep this up , he 'll be next in the bread line . To sum up , the company I previously raved about will never see another dime from me . -LRB- or any of my valuable programming data -RRB-
 I just got a ReplayTV for my second television . -LRB- I already got a TiVo for my big screen -- but I wanted a second digital recorder because you need one for each TV -RRB- . I got ta say the ReplayTV is incredible . Is it as incredible as my TiVo ? Well , yes . And I think I like it a tad more because Replay does n't charge the monthly fee I pay with TiVo.Also , TiVo does n't have the QuickSkip button that Replay has . This is the BEST for zipping through time outs , boring stuff and lousy commercials.I also find Replay 's channel guide interface easier than TiVo . Replay 's is like my cable channel guide-so it 's easier to use . TiVo 's is based on shows and is a little more confusing.I guess that at the end of the day , I LOVE THEM BOTH -LRB- how could I not love something that makes television totally fun and easy to record ? -RRB- . But I love Replay a little more.My next goal is to get a WebTV system for my third -LRB- and last -RRB- TV .
 When purchased , this recorder would not set up properly . Calls to TIVO took over an hour to get through . So far no luck getting it to work
 Ditto on the review concerning the remote control . But I want to take it a step further . I called TIVO to get a replacement remote control and was put on hold for 30 minutes waiting for a human to answer , then they sent me to Philips -LRB- the company that markets TIVO . -RRB- Philips then sent me back to TIVO , saying they have nothing to do with TIVO.I called TIVO back , and waited 40 minutes this time for a human to answer and they said that while they could not help me , they would expedite my request to customer service who would call me back within 24 hours . Naturally , I did not hear from the customer no-service department , and my 500 dollar purchase is now useless.I sent them an e-mail telling them my concerns last week and again , no surprise here , no one bothered to respond!I am sending my TIVO back because the customer service is SOOOOO bad ! Maybe I 'm crazy , but I think the people who designed this incredibly advanced and smart machine would be smart enough to know that people will lose their remotes and that replacement remotes should be very EASY to get!I am sending my TIVO back because I have n't been able to use my TIVO or TV for a week .
 My unit broke -LRB- displayed just snow -RRB- and I called Tivo to get a replacement . After walking me through a painfully long troubleshooting procedure , they said someone would get back to me in the next two days . I asked them to call my work number , as I would n't be at home during the day . 3 days later I had a message waiting for me at home . The next day I called them back from home . They walked me through the same painful guide and , again , told me they 'd call me back . Again , 3 business days later , I got a call with a message . No one answered the number given for several days , and then the message said they had moved , and left no forwarding number . It 's been 3 weeks , and still no Tivo ...
 DVR 's are great . I have 3 -- 2 Replays and a Tivo . I highly recommend them over VCR 's for all the reasons you read in all the reviews . They also work quite well with few glitches , so I had n't had much chance to test their tech support , until recently.My Tivo unit is not properly contacting the server to download the program directory . This has been going on for over 2 weeks , so now my unit wo n't record at all . Tivo support lines have 30 min + waits to get through . Online support is very limited . Upon getting thru to the first Tivo number , finally , they sent me to a second Philips number , and they were closed , with limited business hours . It would be one thing if this were just bad out-of-warranty hardware support , we 're all used to that . However , Tivo is charging $ 12/month for the directory service and to not be willing to even take my call on it is frustrating.I 've had no problems with 2 Replay TV units , which I 've owned longer , and would recommend them over Tivo . Functionally , the units are essentially the same -- Tivo 's slightly easier to use but Replay is slightly more flexible . My next unit will be another Replay .
 I bought TiVo from amazon.com , saving myself the sales tax . When I got it , I carefully read the instructions , finding out that you could n't use it with a digital PBX phone system , but analog would be fine . When I hooked it up , it did n't connect . I called customer support MULTIPLE TIMES , but they never returned my call when they promised . At one time , I was on hold for 45 min . One representitive told me to send it back to amazon.com , when the unit WAS NOT DEFECTIVE . I had to buy another one , when it had the exact same problem , for a grand total of 2 TiVos . Another rep said to go to Radio Shack and buy a wireless phone jack , which did n't work either . They cost me more than they are worth . I ended up sending the other one back too . The unit is really well designed , but if I were going to buy one , I would wait until there are more competitiors . It 's still to early to buy one .
 I bought this TV Jan 2 , 2006 - it took 3 weeks to arrive , worked for 4 days , then died . Daewoo sent a technician over , which took another week . He told me it was a bad motherboard , that it would take a week to order -LRB- goodbye superbowl party -RRB- . A week came and went , and he told me Daewoo did n't have the motherboard in stock and would n't give him a time frame for delivery of a replacement . Long story short , I had to fight to return it and to this day 2 months later still have n't been able to - I have a 5-foot paperweight in my living room.DAEWOO is HORRIBLE . Stay away from these incompetents .
 You get what you pay for . It is just abit to long to fit in my 2006 Nissan Frontier . It is not a good radio .
 Looking at the parameters it is really a nice machine . Visually - same thing.What makes it useless is that the keyboard stops functioning in BRAND NEW OUT OF THE BOX machines . Search the web and you will find many examples . My laptop was alive 2 weeks - now Icannot use it as some of the keys do not work.What happens next you call the customer service and they say they send you the return box . And then they have 10 business days to repair the useless piece of junk that your $ 1300 just turned into.I had many IBMs and DELLs , for periods of couple of years long . None of that laptops broke in 3 weeks , no even in a couple of years . My last laptop , also a VAIO burned after a year and 2 months . The truth is - Sony makes crappy laptops and has a really poor customer service . If you want waste time and money - GO FOR THAT VAIO .
 WARNING
 I have bought about 11 Sony Vaio laptops for myself and family . My eldest still working with his factory fitted battery although with very short time , but enough for changing from wall plug.After 1 1/2 year The FZ140E/S battery stopped without any warning thanks to an special internal device controlling the electrical flow . I am so disappointed that a never again considered buying another Sony Viao computer .
 For the first three weeks that I spent with my beautiful , shiny , new Sony Vaio , all was bliss . The unit was lightweight and stylish , the processor speedy - all in all , a favorable first impression.Unfortunately , this relationship quickly turned sour . Three weeks after purchase , six of the -LRB- non-adjacent , non-function keys -RRB- suddenly stopped working . I tried every software/OS troubleshooting option available on Sony 's customer support website to no avail . I spent an hour and a half on the phone with Sony 's script-reading , eager-to-help but not particularly useful technical support , but , alas , the relationship that hard started so promisingly now took an ugly turn.So now , I sit with a $ 1300 -LRB- + tax -RRB- paperweight while I wait for Sony to send me a box in which I can ship my 3-week old machine back to them for repair -LRB- note , Sony does not offer local repair as an option for notebooks under warranty . They do offer the option of ` on-site ' repair , which they 'll happily provide you for only $ 150 -RRB- . In short , if you 're looking for reliability and effective , rapid , helpful customer service , you may be best served by looking elsewhere for your notebook computing needs .
 I 'm a Mac user , but I decided to buy this laptop for my mom , she 's a PC user and refuses to change ... When it arrived it looked OK , but the camera did n't work ... and a week later nothing worked , every time I turned it on , I got the system setup message ... I called Sony and told them all my problems , try to get it to a repair store , but they said they could n't do anything for me , I has to sent back the laptop to Amazon ... I 'm still waiting for a new replacement !
 I love the laptop but I agree with other people
 One of the 1GB ram memories does n't work , notebook sent as a gift to my brother in south america , sony does n't cover warranty outside the US , now the computer has to be sent back ... what a nightmare .
 There 's a lot to look at with this laptop . Large screen , it 's pretty , it seems to work fine . But Vista will break your heart and the graphics on this machine are not sufficient to run flight simulator -LRB- and I 've got machines that seem downright scumpy and they 'll run it -RRB- . But it 's not just hotel , road-warrior gaming . Office , all of my six-sigma stuff , just painfully slow . Oh and Sony wo n't even begin to talk to you about downgrading to XP . There have been any number of times where the machine just seems to lock up , a few times where the entire explorer session -LRB- files and all -RRB- go away . I 'm certain this would be a great XP machine , but have no idea how to do it . Sigh . I seriously considered purchasing a Mac , and this machine makes me sorry I did n't follow my instincts .
 I purchased my VAIO on 12/27/07 . The first time I turned it on it would not boot . In the past four weeks Sony has had at least 6 people work on it -- locally and in San Diego . It still crashes before loading Vista . I was told my only recourse was to WRITE to the Sony Executive Committee - -LRB- they have no phone and no email . . . -RRB- . 10 days later -LRB- not the `` 48 business hours '' promised -RRB- I got a reply . They will not replace it with a working computer . They will not give a refund . Per the Sony warranty , my only option is to repeatedly send it in to the repair center that so far has been unable to detect the problem - much less fix it . IF you are going to purchase a Sony VAIO BUY IT LOCALLY . You can then deal with a local shop if you get a DOA computer . Sony quality assurance is sad . Their repair center is -LRB- apparently -RRB- incompetent . Their warranty does NOT guarantee a computer that will EVER work -- only endless repair attempts . I have spent many days trying to get this fixed -- and have not had 30 seconds of useful service from the computer .
 i have had this computer for 1.5 years now and i have finally reached the pt where i need to rant . i did a lot of research to ensure i bought a very good notebook but it seems i did n't do enough research . from the very start , this computer had problems . - the camera would n't work for the most part . it would take 3 restarts to get it working again . this problem has recently been fixed with some new vista updates - incompatibility with vista and itunes = NO CD DRIVE ; this problem is well documented online and as of now there is no solution ; for a 1200 dollar computer , i think i deserve a cd drive ! - frequent crashes -- i have seen the blue screen of death many times over the last year - the most urgent problem yet
 Just like a few other people mentioned , a bunch of keys on my Sony Vaio suddenly stopped working -LRB- no spills or anything -RRB- . It is about 1 year and 1 month since I bought it -LRB- from Circuit City -RRB- , so of course the warranty has expired . I have attached an external keyboard for now -LRB- till I figure out how to open it and see what the problem is -RRB- , so it is working like a desktop for me . . Other problems are of course the poor battery life , the difficulty in clicking the keyboard mouse keys , the time taken to connect to a wireless network , and of course the heavy weight.I would never recommend Sony Vaio to my friends and colleagues.Maybe we can initiate some action against Sony if there is a generic problem with their keyboard on Vaios ?
 Absolutely terrible product - bought a FZ 190e notebook in 2007 . From day one the battery was problematic . Sent in for service and it came back with a note `` works to spec for specified user mode '' - translation the battery lasts 1.5 hours in normal mode . This is a brick that needs a AC adapter all the time . Also the mouse on the computer is horrible - have a Thinkpad from work and the mouse is 100x better . The only thing worse then the product is their customer service . My battery died at 14 months - guess what
 An awful product . I have had this computer for over a year and have finally reached the point where I will just throw it away and get a different notebook . Key problems
 I ordered this item on oct 1st with 2 day shipping but got the item on Oct 2nd i was very happy with the shippment , as i had to pay nothing for shipment and i started using this Sony for couple of weeks this was very good . After that the screen started flickering and i started seeing lines on the screen . I think i got a defective peice and luckily before one month only i could find out that otherwise i would n't have got my entire refund.Now i am about to recieve my refund as of Nov 2nd . I dont recommend this product as i was very big fan of Sony Viao and thinking that it will last for more time but for my it was very big disappointment.I have 2 dell laptops and i wanted one more for my brother so i ordered one more dell .
 I am putting my one star here as a Buyer Beware of purchasing any Sony laptop . After one year , two keys fell off the keyboard . $ 89 for a new one . The battery had to be replaced before the year was up . It crashes all the time . The wireless connection is constantly interrupted , and there are numerous other little annoyances . But here is my biggest gripe
 My Vaio is ONE year old . I spend AT LEAST 10 hours a week trying to keeping this POS with a pulse . The wireless card has gone out which means I have to have a USB connection . Thx guys ... ur the best . I can not tell u how disappointed I am with Sony . I have other Sony products but b/c of this I will definitely reconsider . BTW Sony you can also give MS a high five for letting me down -LRB- you allowed them to respresent your product -RRB- .
 I had nothing but problems with this computer , and I would NEVER buy another SONY product after how I was treated by SONY ! My Laptop got so HOT that I burnt my forearm on it , and when I called SONY , their response was ... Seek an Attorney . THE NERVE ! I paid 1,500.00 gor GARBAGE . it was serviced previously , and only got worse . TOO MANY PROBLEMS TO MENTION , but to add insult to injury ... They wanted almost $ 800.00 to repair it . Yeah , and did they think I was some dummy who would pay that ? I would TRASH IT FIRST ! SONY SHOULD BE ASHAMED OF THEMSELVES ! WARNING !!!!!! Do Not buy their Laptops !!! I know other people who have purchased different models of their Laptops , and they are all having issues or had issues with them !
 about a year ago i paid 1400 dollars for this computer . it has caused me nothing but trouble . within the first month the entire bottom half of the keyboard stopped working . took 5 weeks to get it back.the wireless card is junk . literally horrible . i have a linksys router and the connection still goes out alot . the wireless card will randomly turn off . you can not set the computer to automatically connect to any network without having to do something manually to get it to connect . the batter stopped working about 5 months ago after less than average use.the volume , brightness , shortcut button , av mode button and the stop button work horribly if at all . brightness hardly ever seems to work unless you change your power settings . and brightness is not a button it is the fn key + f5 or f6 . the battery never lasted very long.THIS COMPUTER IS HOT . not in a good way . it is very very hot after only an hour or so of running . whether its sitting on your lap or a couch or even a flat hard surface it will get super hot.i like my sisters acer better . she paid 700 dollars for it.i cant think of a metaphor bad enough to describe the touchpad . sometimes it doesnt work at all . about 50 % of the time you can not click by just tapping the pad . and you can only click the left mouse key on the very right side of it next to the right mouse key.the cd drive sometimes locks up with or without a cd in it.s video doesnt work at all.i bet the dell that i canceled the order for would have dominated this pos pcsony has disappointed me and being a long time sony buyer this purchase really saddened me and has made me think twice about paying so much for something that may be of dreadful quality like this computer has been
 I brought this LAPTOP 2 years ago . First , I did not read the reviews online . The laptop is so hot after 1 hour and you ca n't put on the lap bc it is very hot . Do n't buy SONY LAPTOP , it 's not worth it guys . I am the fan of sony but after this one , I wo n't go for sony laptop again
 This is my first online review of any product I have ever puchased . I recently got the FZN-140N Vaio and overall I think this laptop is garbage . Thankfully I use this only for work , so atleast I have my other laptop for personal use which is the HP DV6000 series laptop , and I absolutely love it.Being that I use this laptop for work related things only , I use excel and word more than anything . I will almost always have atleast 3 spreadsheets open at any given time , plus outlook and another program or two . The problem I get is that somehow it runs out of memory/resources extremely fast . I could understand if I had 10 different programs running , but I will need to close one internet browser window before I can try to save a document/spreadsheet . If I want to open another spreadsheet , I have to close one first and then open it . After an hour or two of it acting like this , it will then freeze on me and I need to restart the thing . Did any of the work/spreadsheets I had open save you ask ? No . They did n't . So around and around me and my vaio go.The mouse is garbage too . I ca n't exactly put my finger on what I do n't like the most about the mouse , but we do n't work well together . Maybe its the texture or I just have sausage fingers , but its tiny and the scroll is out of control . I do appreciate the sideways scroll feature , but its not enough for me.As for it being duo layer , and the size of the HD supposedly being impressive , I could n't care less . I do not have a huge amount of large files to save , and I get to utilize the companys network , so all those big numbers have nothing for me . I would much rather use my old IBM R series laptop before I use the Sony again . Actually , I would rather use ANY other laptop than this one . The speed in which this laptop works is basically on par with what I could do should I use pen and paper . For around $ 1400 from J&R ; Electronics , I would walk right past it next time.My next hurdle is figuring out which pre-installed programs to remove . Some of them sound pretty interesting , but this lack of memory/resources when Im working on spreadsheets has got to go.Do I recommend this laptop to anyone ? NoWill I ever purchase another Sony Vaio ? No -LRB- Unless someone can help with this problem -RRB- . Am I happy with this laptop currently ? Not at all.In the past , I have used IBM -LRB- X , R , T -RRB- , HP -LRB- dv2k , dv6k -RRB- , Acer -LRB- insprire -RRB- . I will give each of these other laptops 5 stars . Dell and Sony I would award them 3 stars and 2 stars .
 I bought this camera partly because it was a Sony . I 've never had as much trouble with an electronic device in my entire life . Within a week of purchase , it simply stopped working . No functions worked . It spent a month in the repair shop . I was told that the main switch was the problem and that they had replaced it . I got it back and the same problem happened . I sent it back ... yet another month without a camera.I thought that perhaps moisture was the problem . I purchased the expensive Sports Housing . I went on a seven-day mountain climbing trip and the camera worked for only the first two days . I was planning on taking it back to the dealer , but would n't you know it , it started working again.I ca n't stress how dissappointed I am with this camera . It does take good footage when it finally decides to work . I 've missed my daughter 's university graduation , my nephew 's highschool graduation and six days of a wonderful mountain climbing trip in Southern Thailand.I do n't recommend buying this camera . The only reason I gave it two stars is because it does produce good footage when it works.Sony support does n't seem to care about my problem as they 've given me no helpful advice or made any recommendations . My camera is only three months old . I 'll never buy another Sony product for as long as I live .
 My teenage daughter bought this camera with money she had saved . It worked well for a few months and then quit . Every time you turn it on , it will stay on for a few seconds and then beep that the batteries are dead then turn itself off . This happens every time , even when the batteries are fresh out of the package . This camera was a waste of money .
 I own two of these little cameras . The first was purchased for work and I liked it so much that I purchased another one for the family . The second one I purchased -LRB- Christmas 06 -RRB- has already bit the dust ! Not long after that , the 1st one started having issues . I sent the 2nd one in for repair over a month ago and have n't heard a word ! Not sure if it 's worth sending the 1st one in or not ... not mention that the support on their website is a joke and time waster !! If you buy this camera ... hope you have better luck than I did ! I 've had a canon slr for over five years and it 's never had any issues or malfunctions !!!
 I bought this camera used but I could tell by how pristine the exterior was that it was n't used much . I was very happy with it for about 2 to 3 months then one day I went to turn it on and none of the icons or menu items appeared on the display . The display was working and showing the picture that the lens was capturing but none of the buttons worked or mode selector knob and nothing else showed up on the screen . If left alone the picture on the screen would freeze and not do anything . Only way to get it to work would be to remove the batteries and try turning it back on again and eventually it 'd start working till it got worse and worse and took longer and longer to get it to work . After such short time and little use I was NOT expecting to have a flawless looking paperweight so for that I give it 1 star .
 If possible , this rating would be No Stars for unsatisfactory operation . -LRB- 4.5 Stars when it did function properly -RRB- Going to exchange it at Radio Shack this morning . See my comment after RS exchanged the item - **** now.Camera froze up seven times during indoor shooting Christmas Day . Gift to my wife , opened at 0900 . Took four pictures which looked great . Went to grandkids house at 1300 . In the course of taking 48 images -LRB- no video , no sound attempted -RRB- the camera froze -LRB- locked-up -RRB- four times with the display window ON and frozen . It froze three times with the display blank . Each time the lens remained in the extended ` on ' position . Pressing Power Button had no effect . Pressing any/all buttons had no effect . Opening battery door and remove/replace batteries seemed to ` reset ' the camera circuits . If display had been on , but frozen , the lens would remain extended and the camera would reset in ` ON ' mode . If display were blank when freeze occurred , it would ` reset ' in the ` OFF ' mode and lens would retract . After second seizure , fresh batteries were installed . In the course of the day , 48 images in 1.19 MB file size were taken . We are pleased with the image quality , and if the exchange camera operates properly we will be satisfaied , other-wise that one will go back for refund or exchange for another model/brand .
 Bought one from Amazon , which was defective upon receipt . Amazon replaced with a new unit immediately , great service . Replacement unit worked for a few weeks and then was freezing up without warning , and now does not want to restart most times . Will be returning to Amazon . Too bad , as camera is good value , large screen , easy to use , but I got stuck with 2 lemons .
 my husband bought me this camera about 3 yrs . ago and its time for a new one . This camera is good when you can get the batteries to work ! first i used rechargables , didnt last , and now no batteries will work . doesnt last long . .
 We 've had this camera for well over a year now , and I 'm extremely disappointed with it . From new it has n't worked with the regular batteries -- just freezes up when you go to press the shutter . We 've had better success with rechargables -LRB- it does have two battery setting depending on what kind of battery you 're using and we 've tried both settings -RRB- but it still freezes up without warning . We have to take the batteries out and leave them out for 30 seconds to 5 minutes before the thing will work again . Batteries do n't last long at all . The shutter response is very slow , disappointing when you 're trying to catch a fleeting smile from a small child . The only reason we put up with it for this long is because we ca n't afford a new one and film is too expensive to use in my nice SLR film camera with the amount of pictures I take .
 I got this camera as a gift . The users guide was unclear and required lots of steps to do even the littlest thing.The pictures were blurred and fuzzy and then everytime I tried to take a picture the screen would say `` No Pictures '' It was crazy . So I called Samsung and this representive made me do like tons of things to it and none of it worked . He labeled it as defecteve . So I took it back to Target with the gift recipt and asked if a lot of these cameras were coming in as defective . He said yes , so then he showed me the awsome hp Photosmart M425 which was the same price and i exchanged it . The hp is great for me with no bulging battery compartment on the front unlike the samsun . The hp was easy to use with only 9 buttons and a takes crystle clear images . Dont waste your money on a horrible camera .
 I bought this camera Sunday , and return it Tuesday . If you get lucky , you get 1 good picture out of 10 . You get good picture , if you are 4-5 yard away from the object , and zoom in . Is the object in front of you , like flowers , what ever you try , the picture are n't clear . Night shots take 5 or more seconds , in this time you have to hold the camera still . Picture from my cat , with night shot , the eyes looks pretty scary.My 6 years old camera `` Agfa ePhoto '' , takes better pictures , as the Samsung Digimax S500 .
 This camera is not worth anything . Every picture that I have taken with it so far has been terrible . The photos blur easily . Even with the settings tweaked to have sharp clear images , they still turn out badly . I do n't think that the features like sepia tone , red , green , blue , and the other features make up for the fact that this product is inferior .
 I made the mistake of buying two of these . One for my wife and one for my son at the same time . Sure , they are cheap , but they should at least work like a camera . They take double A batteries . You are literally lucky to get 10 pictures out of a set of new batteries . Sometimes you get 3 or 4 . You literally have to carry a pocketful of batteries to use this camera . Sure , the pictures are great , you just ca n't take any . There is nothing more frustrating . I have an old Cannon Elph that will take literally hundreds of pictures on one charge . These guys are begging for a class action lawsuit .
 I ordered this from Tiger Direct . It does NOT play DVD 's from all regions . It does have PAL or NTSC output , but will not accept DVD 's of other regions . I specifically bought this to play region 2 DVD 's so it is worthless to me . The returns policy at Tiger Direct is so difficult that I will probably give it away rather than go through the process . This was a complete waste of $ 50 for me .
 are you looking for a free zone dvd?DONT BUY THIS ONEONLY PLAY REGION 1 !!!!!
 This camera has relatively low quality . The software bundled with it it nearly useless . I have had nonstop problems with keeping the thing running . Maybe other people have had more luck . At this point I have given up on the mobile camera function entirely .
 After a few months of having this monitor the auto adjust kept going off on it 's own randomly and had to prop the button to get it to stop and then that stopped working and now a `` auto adjust locked '' message comes up so I 'm buying a new monitor and not a samsung this time !
 This is the worst monitor you can buy . I made the mistake of buying one about 6 months ago and its already quitting on me , for example the Brightness is always all the way up and when i turn it down it goes back up . In addition to this the resolution absolutely sucks !!! and the monitor it self is blurry and not clear . My advise to you it do n't buy it , there is a lot better monitors out there for a better or equal price .
 I chose a Samsung LCD monitor because my Samsung picture tube monitor looked great . I was in for a shock , though . The picture on the LCD was so horrible , it was basically unusable . Adjusting the settings did not help . Black and white images had an obvious pink tint to them . The screen also had uneven brightness at different viewing angles . Colors shift depending upon your seating position . Yellows used to highlight database selections could not even be displayed ! They showed up as white , like the background . -LRB- They show up fine on my picture tube monitor . -RRB- I returned the LCD monitor immediately for a refund . I would have given it 0 stars if I could.I also returned a Sony LCD monitor for nearly identical problems.Bring back the picture tube -LRB- CRT -RRB- . CRT monitors look much better than LCDs .
 After 6 months of using the monitor it started to develop problems . The adjustment buttons on the front of the monitor are randomly going off . It is still under warranty , but the closest repair center is 400 miles away and I have to pay for the shipping both ways ! It still works , but the buttons going off by themselves are very annoying because a menu screen is always popping up .
 This product came to us is a used box . It was taped over as though it were used or pre-opened ... The size was small and was not happy with its operation .
 First of all I do n't know if this is officially licensed from the company that makes lava lamps , but it is not the same kind of thing . It 's not a dual colored liquid goop machine like a lava lamp . It 's a bunch of glitter in a colored liquid . And it does n't keep moving either . After a few hours you 'll need to shake it a bit to get things moving again . It 's kind of cool for a little while , but if you 're hoping to relive some old memories you 'd be better off with the real thing and a little incense .
 I purchased this camera almost three years ago and thought I had made a bad decision based on the forum comments that I had seen at the time . However I kept my fingers crossed and thoroughly enjoyed what was an exceptional product . Picture quality is excellent , easy to use and a very nice camera to look at . I thought I had evaded the mode dial problem when it ` attacked ` with a vengeance and my camera is now almost useless.I thought for the price I paid that I would have a trouble free camera.At this point I am at a loss since all the comments point to Olympus non responsiveness to the issue.I have always loved Olympus products and have purchased many different cameras , from the excellent iS 20 QD to C-3000 , C 4040 C -5060 . I am just no longer sure whether I want to take the risk on another Olympus product.Update 26/01/09Just as I was about to throw my C-5060WZ in the garbage can I saw an article on Wrotniak about how to replace the mode dial . I thought to myself that there was nothing to lose . I ordered the part , followed the instructions and replaced the dial . I now have a fully functional camera , again taking taking excellent pictures . I use it in combination with my E 520 , instead of buying a macro lens for the E 520 DSLR I use for all my macro shots , as it is an excellent macro camera.My disgust with Olympus did not last very long as I got the E 520 and I am now very happy that my C - 5060 WZ is once again working at it 's best .
 I bought this camera for work . It was terrific for four weeks and then the mode dial stopped working . I returned it to the distributor . Two weeks later , I collected it from the distributor . It worked fine for a week . Then the mode dial stopped working again as did the arrow pad . I am now returning it for a second time .
 I have had my Olympus C5060 for just over 3 years . I felt like I was one of the fortunate people that seemed to avoid the all too familiar MODE PROBLEM . All of a sudden ... it happened ! My camera is now USELESS ! As soon as I turn it on it just starts going haywire . You can not get out of the menu mode , you can not take a picture ! -LRB- other users , just you wait . . the dreaded Mode problem will get you too !! -RRB- I did write to Olympus , several times , and they have not bothered to respond . Apparently that seems to be the norm , from other reviews that I have read about this camera . I HIGHLY recommend that you DO NOT waste your money on this camera , unless of course , you have $ 500 + to just throw away ! After spending that much on a camera , I thought that I would have it for quite a long time , not 3 years ! When it worked , the first few years , it was great ! So . . if you insist on buying this piece of junk , know that you will need to start saving for your next camera . I 'm going to try a Canon next , keeping my fingers crossed that this will last me longer than 3 SHORT years!Good Luck!Donna
 ... you 're on your own when it comes to batteries . If you 're wealthy and can afford pocketfuls of weird batteries , you 'll love this camera . I was going to buy it until I learned it does n't take 4 AAs . I can get AAs in Calcutta , Urbicande , Samaris and Detroit . Try getting a A78XX324732799-U rechargable ! -LRB- Actually , they may have one in Samaris , but I would n't count on it . -RRB- Avoid proprietary batteries as you would avoid , well , proprietary batteries . Ten years from now they 'll be special order only and will cost more than the camera does today.Happy Shooting ! Whatever you buy .
 I do n't own this camera , so in fact this is n't a review . I 'm just getting my voice on the record so Olympus can know my major concerns , and why I WO N'T be upgrading from my C-5050 despite the major improvement in camera startup and response time .1 . Get rid of the proprietary battery . Reap your profits in repeat busines , not in milking each customer for all their worth .2 . Give us the fast 1.8 lens found on the C-5050 . This one 's a no-brainer .3 . Get the build quality right . I 've seen too many reviews here and elsewhere warning of multiple returns for defective cameras .4 . Make extension lens attachments standard . You do n't have to include the lens , fine , but do n't make me buy an extra part when you can build it in for practically nothing . ` Nuff said !
 I bought the C-5060 a year and a half ago and within 3 months the dial unit started malfunctioning . I sent it in for repair while still under warranty and the process was very easy , I got my camera back working perfectly with no cost or real hassle to me . Then about 2 months ago the same problems started again . The modes just start jumping around and the camera is unusable . I spent a lot of time on the phone with Olympus trying to get them to fix it for anything less that the flat $ 167 rate for camera repair to no avail . They were actually quite belligerent about the fact that this is not a known problem . I pointed out that my brother has the same camera and had the same problem and that I had read a lot of reviews online with people having the problem but I guess that does not mean that it is known . The camera has been great other than this dial problem and if it were n't for the pigheadedness of the service people at Olympus I would never have complained . I now would never buy another Olympus camera and am undecided as to whether it is worth the money to fix this one .
 I have to agree with most reviews that overall this is a good camera . But it is good only when it is working . 5060 -LRB- and I can speculate 7070 too -RRB- might experience what has become known as `` FAULTY DIAL SWITCH '' problem . If you search the web for those terms associated with `` olympus '' - you will most likely find a lot of disturbing complaints.Mine broke couple of months after the warranty expired , right before we were about to take a family vacation . When I turned on the camera - it did not respond to any buttons . Then , it started activating menues all by itself as if the camera was trying to catch up with the previously pushed buttons . In effect camera became inoperational.Sent it to Olympus . Got a letter back asking for -LSB- ... -RSB- in repair costs . Called Olympus customer service . Was told that they charge flat fee regardless of the problem . Told them that this is ridiculous , its a wide-spread problem and Olympus should stand behind their product . Car-manufacturers normally issue recalls or extend warranty for such problems . 5060 is not worth -LSB- ... -RSB- I paid for it -LSB- ... -RSB- a year and a half later . Rep. went to speak with a manager and came back saying that `` Ah ! If it is only the switch problem - then will charge you -LSB- ... -RSB- '' . Apparently they did not even look at the camera before sending me the -LSB- ... -RSB- bill.Needless to say the whole process took about a month . Spent vacation with my 5 year old Canon Digital Elph.If you insist on buying Olympus - just be aware of the problem and that it is random and frequent and that Olympus does not handle it well . One thing I am sure about - my next camera is not going to be made by Olympus .
 For the first year we owned this camera , it worked pretty well . You can read online camera reviews for the specifications.But then it started to malfunction badly . It would lock up , refuse to go into certain modes , display random menu settings on the screen , etc. . These problems seems to occur to many 5060 cameras after several months of use.In a word , it is unreliable . You 're probably better off looking for a more reliable camera .
 Hello . While this camera was nice for the first couple of months I had it , its got a well-documented manufacturer 's defect that Olympus has yet to accept . I had to send it back TWICE for repair and , despite the fact that it was returned to me still broken , they now want me to pay them $ 244.65 to fix it . What ? Is this a joke?I created a website in honour of Olympus ' behavior - OLYMPUSCHEATEDME * COM . You should check it out for the full story . If you have a similar story , please let me know .
 Olympus has a problem w / part # VC7997 on these cameras that causes menus to pop up on LCD w/o touching buttons and buttons stop working . Numerous people are complaining about this problem on the Internet - go to yahoo groups , Olympus_405080 . Olympus needs to recall camera . Mine worked fine for almost 3 months before problem arose so do n't think yours wo n't fail .
 Most disappointed with the choice that Olympus made to go with proprietary batteries in most of their new C series digital cameras . Love their cameras and matter of fact have bought three C-5050 zooms this year for myself and family . However , there is nothing worse than having the batteries go dead on you and there is no way to recharge the batteries . With the C5050 Zoom camera it comes with rechargeable AA batteries , but in a pinch if they run down you can always use any AA battery at your local 7-11 store . One of my biggest bragging points and reasons for buying Olympus has been their choice not to use proprietary batteries , but now I am sad to say I have bought my last Olympus unless they rethink this . I know the proprietary batteries that comes with the C-5060 Zoom has a tiny bit more power and you can get a few more shots than with the rechargeable AA batteries that comes with the C-5050 Zoom , but Olympus did not do this for that very small gain . Olympus was thinking profits and only profits and they know this camera is almost worthless with one battery . They know most people will have to purchase a second `` extremely over prices '' proprietary battery and that means big bucks . Sometimes I just do n't get corporate America . I understanding wanting more profits , but they need to calculate in how many customers they will lose doing it .
 I loved my 5060 until the menu system failed the second time . Just a year after repair and three years of ownership . Dissapointing reliability performance . I do n't yet understand how long a digital camera should last . My expectation is 5 years without issues for cameras above $ 300 . That may be unrealistic . I do n't love Olympus anymore and poor servcie from a long standing company can not be tolerated by consumers . I will not buy another Olympus until they have proven to be loyal to me and you .
 I have had a 5060 for about 2 years . Paid $ 700 for it new , now selling for around $ 400 . I started having problems with not being able to access any of the menu functions . Started researching the problems on the forums and find that it is a common problem with this camera . Sent it in to Olympus for repair . Their charges are to be $ 180 . An e-mail to them begging for consideration was never answered . I do not advise anyone to buy this camera ...
 A camera as expensive as this one should work for more than a couple of years . I used to love the camera and Olympus but will not buy there products ever again . The menu options have malfunctioned making the camera usless . And after reading the most current reviews the same problem has happened to many other people . Seeing that so many people have had this same problem shows that Olympus makes poor quality equipment even in there more expensive cameras . Look elsewhere .
 I know this review is late but I wanted to get this off my chest . I have owned Olympus OM Film cameras and loads of Zuiko glass for a long time . I loved those cameras and still do . Back in 2003 when I heard the good reviews of the C 5060 I spent the $ 500 + to buy a new one . It worked great for a while and then had the well known and documented dial mode problem . This camera was not abused . To this day it looks brand new . For whatever reason in 2005 Olympus wanted something like $ 140 to have it repaired . Even when they knew they had a problem they still wanted faithful customers to pony up the dough . I parked 5060 in a camera bag and forgot it.Recently I have thought of buying another digital camera and the Olympus OM-D looks very appealing . It looks and should feel like the old film cameras . With an adapter I could even use some of that great Zuiko glass . BUT I will never trust Olympus again . I want you to know that Olympus . I want you to know that because you tried to stiff me out of $ 140 I will never buy Olympus again .
 I love the camera and it 's features -- but both of the ones I 've received have failed within about 100 pix over 2-4 days.First one had a bad on/off switch . Camera ON IT `` S OWN would start scrolling through menus . And guess what -- I did n't even realize there were other features in menus I never even got to see . I would n't have figured that out if I did n't get # 2 . The second camera 's on/off switch was fine , so I thought OK , now I 've got a keeper . On the third day of taking some pix , suddenly the LCD does n't work -- meaning you ca n't see any menus either.Olympus has a big problem with this camera . I 'll order one more -- maybe third time is a charm . But if the third one is a bum , I 'll have to wait until Olympus figures out the problems . Hopefully another camera maker will come out with a wide angle lens , which was my main criteria for picking this camera .
 The cables I received are not gold plated and do not have ferrite cores as stated on the website . I complained to the company and they insist I received the correct cables . I sent a copy of their ad twice that shows the product features . It is obvious this company knows nothing about customer service and I will never shop with this company again .
 I purchases 2 of these cords to hook up one monitor to 2 machines by way of a switch box . Completely USELESS unless you are using an old 800 * 600 resolution monitor . My crisp clear 1440 * 900 monitor reverted to a blurry 800 * 600 resolution and I could not even manually adjust the resolution to the correct spec . It kept reverting to big ugly mode that I had not seen since early 1980s . To verify it was not a problem with the switch box i hooked up up the cable directly still no good . The shipping cost more than the product I will just trash it and try again . Save your time and shipping . You have been warned ... I should have heed the negative reviews .
 On the picture AND in product description it has a FERRITE Cores . The actual product DOES NOT.I would not have noticed it if the cable actually worked!It does not work ! Will return it when a good cable arrives.What a waste of time !!
 For some reason , the red component of the signal failed to show up on the monitor when I installed this cord ; I must have gotten a defective one . It 's also too much of a hassle to bother returning this defective product , shipping & handling costs being what they are . Caveat emptor !
 This cord seemed to be working but I noticed that my pc was not recognizing the monitor , and was showing up as a generic that had a lower resolution than was possible . I thought it was the switch I bought at the same time so I could connect my TV to my pc as well as my monitor . I happened to have another monitor cord , connected it and then the pc `` saw '' my monitor and I was able to set the resolution to max . Since this cord was used to connect from pc to switch , it affected monitor and TV resolution quality . I am guessing a defective conductor or connection . Not worth the hassle to return , so I 'm out five bucks .
 I have a 17 inch LCD monitor hooked up to a laptop . This cable only supports low resolution which makes everything huge on the screen . My old VGA cable supports 1920 x 1080 . This new SVGA cable should support at least the same -LRB- specs say more -RRB- and it does n't . Highest resolution that worked was 1280 x 960 which defeats the purpose of having a separate monitor hooked up . Might as well use my laptop monitor . This cable was n't expensive , but it 's worthless .
 I bought the GPS attachment to the telescope and was quite disappointed with it . It failed to work properly so I returned it . It did not establish my location , was slow to operate , etc. .
 I ordered this to use with a Celestron C 90 which was in the same order and is nonfunctional so far . As well there were no instructions to explain how to use it .
 I order this one over the metal one to save five bucks . I figured I did n't need a great one to look at the moon . But ; wish I would have paid the few bucks extra . The plastic threads are uneven , and its very difficult to screw in the the eyepiece evenly . It feels like the whole plastic body was deformed from heat.Just pay the extra five bucks and get the metal one .
 boo , hiss , what a stinker ... got stuck in my VCR and ate my tape .
 The product is cheaply made and does n't work . The door for sliding in the VHS-c tape jams , sticks , and is very difficult to use . This is a TDK brand and I actually have TDK brand vhs-c cassettes . Funny thing is - the TDK vhs-c tapes do n't fit properly in the TDK brand adaptor . I had a previous vhs-c adaptor where the door slid open with a battery . That worked much better . I 'm unable to use this to view my tapes . Buy another brand . This one is worthless .
 This is a manual adapter and there are much cheaper ones on the market out there . I personally had a dysfucntion ... . and thought it was motorized buy the motorized one . This one is ok .
 This computer is the first and last Sony laptop I will buy . Immediately after 2 years , the computer can not be used for more than one hour . I took it to a Sony repair specialist who determined the mother board had died . Estimated repairs were quoted at + $ 800 which nowadays can buy a Centrino Duo notebook -LRB- New -RRB- . I am very dissapointed with SONY , this item was purchased at nearly $ 1,600.00 two years ago , now it 's gone . I do not recommend SONY notebooks because of their poor quality control , this is not an isolated case
 For all of you out there do not fall to this cheap product.I bought a sony notebook PCG-K13 last year and paid a lot of money thinking I am getting a SONY quality and it turned out it has a major problem that all notebooks of sony have . It overheats very fast and finally the hard drive died and even after buying a new hard drive the problem persisted . SO for those who are lucky enough to check this DO NOt buy this product . I am sad : -LRB-
 I purchased this computer in July , and on December 5th the hard drive broke . It will not mount and makes grinding and clattering noises . I have lost data . This is not a quality product . I am now returning it to Sony -LRB- event #E 26545346 -RRB- . I thought Sony made quality products and I paid a premium for their notebook compared to other notebooks and look at what I get . I am very unhappy . I wonder if this is more than just an isolated incident . I will never buy a Sony product again and do everything I can to stop others from buying Sony 's products.So if you like your hard drive unexpectingly crashing and like to lose data then go ahead and roll the dice and buy this computer .
 Let me start by saying this is a review as of DEC 2009 . This PC was a great buy when it came out and like most all notebooks , has become outdated . I recently upgraded to Windows 7 and wanted to share my findings in case you are contemplating or doing the same thing.My advice : Only consider upgrading to Windows Pro or Ultimate due to the ability to run programs in XP compatability mode which is not available with Home Premium edition . Install a clean copy , not upgrading from XP or Vista . Think about upgrading the RAM to 1G -LRB- 512 x 2 -RRB- . The install : The first thing you will notice is that once you install the screen is smaller then the physical size . To fix this download the XP driver from sony.com for the model . Then run this program in compatablity mode -LRB- XP SP2 -RRB- and it will install fine . When you reboot check the box to not tell you of this problem and run the program as is . This will allow you to fill the screen as it did with XP OEM install.Virus protection choices : I tried several anti virus programs including free and paid versions and ran tests . Due to the amount of available RAM the best performance for paid versions was Norton 2010 and best for free was Avira . These are just suggestions from my experience.When all is said and done you will have a machine fully upgraded to Windows 7 and functioning . This is capable and practical notebook for most average users.Hope this helps and enjoy .
 - My battery died within 6 mos-The internal wireless card went bad after about 2 yrs . Unfortunately it also causes Windows to crash if I even switch it on . Luckily it doesnt bother Linux.-The HDD has just died at a little under 3 yrs.These failures are common in laptops that travel often and used roughly . However I used this as a desktop comp with very little travelling.OTH I very much like the LCD . And I will be upgrading the memory and the HDD to extend its life , as well as pull the wlan and upgrade cooling as it always ran hot .
 AFTER 8 MONTHS OF OWNING THIS TV WITCH STARTED OUT TO BE A GOOD TV THE PICTURE WENT OUT SHOULD HAVE BEEN UNDER FACTORY WARNTEE 4 MONTHS LATER AND MANY PHONE CALLS TO THE COMPANY THE EXTENED WARNTEE TOOK OVER THEY DO N'T HAVE PARTS FOR THEIR TVS SO IT COULD N'T BE FIXED AND YOU DO N'T GET ALL YOUR MONEY ABACK IT ENDED UP COSTING $ 250 . FOR A TV THAT DOSE N'T WORK SO GOOD LUCK WITH THIS TV YOU COULD BE GETTING TOOK
 Do n't buy a Syntax Olevia ! I bought one and it died almost to the day the warranty went out . Customer service said I would have to pay to ship it back and pay the parts and labor to fix it and that would cost over half of the TV 's cost . They would n't offer to help with anything and they said they lost my registration card , the same one they used to call me with to ask me how I liked it a week after I bought the TV . So all I can do is to post this to every blog I can to try to inform others .
 I purchased this HDTV and it worked OK for the first 10 days . After that I was unable to power the tv on or off using the remote or manually . Read that other Olevia models had experienced the same or similar issues . Called Olevia customer services to complain and was put on hold for at least 20 minutes . Save your money or put it to better use ... buy a different HDTV !!!
 I bought the AL2021MS in March 2006 and in November 2006 it started to malfunction -LRB- kept turning itself off -RRB- . I called Acer support as it was still on Guarantee and was told they would replace it in 2 days . 3 days later I called them again and was abused by their help desk , told I had got it all wrong and that it would take 2-3 weeks . I am still waiting for a replacement screen . Apparently they are out of stock if it breaks under guarantee but will sell you a new one as they have enough stock to make a sale!How did I write this review
 Not sure how amazon expects anybody to buy this scanner . It has zero information about it . Not even a model number , much less its resolution etc. . It 's a real pig in a poke IMO . Horrible presentation.Is it USB , is it AC Powered , what model is it etc etc etc. I especially love the descriptiion . Really fills you in well does n't it?Product DescriptionMANUFACTURER WARRANTY
 Case worked perfectly for the first few days on shallow dives . Seal wore out after 4 uses . Kinda useless then is n't it ? Also , can not find replacement seal .
 If you would like to take a picture of the bottom of your pool , this product is awesome . Otherwise , it 's pretty useless . Why does Canon only deliver 100-foot rated underwater cases for SOME of their cameras ? I made the mistake of buying the SD450 , and am now stuck with a camera that can not be used for diving ... unless you 're will to risk taking it down in this POS case .
 Multiple problems with these headphones . I use them for voice tracks so I have no comment on sound quality . There is no display so there is no way to know what is happening with the system when you press a button . There is no repeat function . The headphones will only play one track over and over again -- I ca n't forward to another track . I 'm very displeased and am going to return them .
 I bought this headset to go jogging with . I ca n't use it for that , or for much else . There is no way to put a `` playlist '' on the player , so any songs you put on the player seem to play in a random order . Also , I ca n't download my Audible.com audio to it , and it 's not a device recognized by Napster to Go -LRB- the legal way to put downloaded music onto portable devices -RRB- . Beyond that , the design of the phones hurts to wear for more than a short time , and even though they 're touted as `` sports headphones '' , they do n't stay in place well while jogging.All that being said , the sound is good , and the price is cheap , so I 'll probably end up keeping them because of the wireless convenience of listening to a few tracks in a random order for a short time . Grrr .
 These headphones are hard to use . They are small and do n't really produce a good sound . You can really hear the outside world while wearing them and that makes the music hard to hear sometimes . We had them for about a month and they quit working . Too late for a refund . There has got to be something better out there !!!
 I own the 2GB version of this drive . It is tiny , but still fits nicely into a USB port , but I have noticed a serious problem . The flash stick itself is actually smaller than the casing it is in -LRB- you can see it on the bottom -RRB- . I have been very careful with how I store my super stick and careful in inserting and removing it from USB ports . Regardless , the plastic shell around the memory stick is breaking across the width at the top , and the bottom corners of the plastic shell -LRB- that go into a USB port -RRB- have started snapping off in little chunks .
 If you buy this , do n't put it on a keychain , or carry it in your pocket . I bought mine two weeks ago and yesterday it snapped in half -LRB- without any abuse on my part . -RRB- Nice and cheap , but you get what you pay for .
 One problem is that it does n't have the metal guides found on most USB drives that ensure the stick will be inserted properly . Without these guides you can insert it upside-down without knowing it . Eventually you figure it out when nothing happens , but you have to wait each time you use it . An LED light to indicate that it 's getting power is something the manufacturers should have included in the design.This stick only lasted about 3 months , until it broke in my pocket . Luckily it did n't break the circuit board -LRB- so I could get my documents off of it -RRB- , but it put an end to using the stick . Without the end piece that connected to the keychain , it would most certainly get lost being so small . I would not recommend it .
 Beware , this seller does NOT ship items together , and will attempt to charge you $ 7 PER DRIVE . I thought $ 0.95 sounded too good to be true . I wanted to order 50 of them to hand out as office Christmas presents , and the calculated shipping was OVER $ 350 !!! For something the size of a paperclip !? This is a classic bait and switch scam .
 $ 1.75 a piece ? I 'll take 4 . They are the size of a paperclip . Great ! BUT ; $ 24.95 for `` shipping and handling '' ???? I 'VE BEEN RIPPED OFF BY 1 CLICK SHIPPING . I WO N'T BUY FROM THESE JOKERS AGAIN .
 I ordered this item in Oct. and have not recieved it yet . I purchased this with an extra camera . The camera came in but no monetor .
 This software is a prime example of what a bad written software can be ! After I installed the software , I did not find any good way of trimming away some of the excess fat in order to make a good quality backup -LRB- i.e. lack of program options -RRB- . Fortunately , I found some public domain software - `` InstantCopySettings '' to help with this . The software takes way too long even on a P4 machine to transcode a DVD . The real icing on the cake is that after it automatically adjusted to fit on a 4.7 GB DVD+RW , it complained about not being able to write to the disk . Since it creates the content in its proprietary format , I could n't even use Nero to burn it to the DVD . DVD Shrink Beta 5 did a great job of converting including writing to the same DVD+RW disk - i.e. the disk was not faulty.I also tried to make a DVD using still images . Could n't figure out how to make this work.Saving the worst for last - this software also installs `` Instant Drive '' . This interfered with DVD Shrink making it hang . I can not even uninstall the `` Instant Drive '' completely -LRB- amateur programmers ! -RRB- . I did get the software for free after rebates - but it is collecting dust now ! I would recommend staying away from it .
 My laptop came pre-installed with Instant DVD/CD but my experience is the same as many of your other correspondents ; I have yet to burn a DVD successfully - it appears to go all the way then either slows to a trickle , never quite completing the burning operation , or simply crashes . Their web-site is no help , I 've installed the most up-to-date patches but there 's no improvement and apparently no help . I think I will go back to Nero if I can actually remove this successfully from my PC !
 This review is for Pinnacle Instant CD/DVD version 7.06 . There is a newer version on the market , so I was able to pick this up cheap , thinking that I was getting a bargain . Guess again . I was hoping that I 'd be able to edit video files that I 'd ripped from DVD after changing them from VOB to mpeg . No luck . Whenever I try to import video it crashes . Have n't tried other formats yet . Maybe I 'll have better luck with avi or mpg , but I 'm not holding my breath . In addition , the interface on the video editing software is idiotically simple , yet simultaneously unintuitive , so you get the worst of both worlds.Patches ? The Pinnacle website was no help , having only three links in the support section for version 7x . All of the links were dead , but it did n't matter anyhow because none of them appeared to be related to my problem . Have n't contacted support yet.Oh , and good luck getting this thing off your machine if you do n't want it . Not only does it not come with an uninstall , but it stashes files all over the place , and it screwed up my other burning software so that it would n't work ! If you install this , make sure you use a program that keeps track of the changes made so that you can completely uninstall it -LRB- I think there 's something in Norton utilities that does the job -RRB- . In addition to the craptacular editing program , Instant CD/DVD comes with several other programs , none of which interested me . I have tried the disc burning program -- I had no choice since Instant CD/DVD screwed up my Nero files -- and it worked the first few times , but it soon started crashing , too . I figure it crashed about 20 % of the time . I 've also tried Instant Copy , which is included in the Instant CD/DVD suite , as a stand alone program and found it remarkably underwhelming . It takes for-e-ver , even on a P4 machine . I much prefer DVD Shrink , which is free and decrypts discs , unlike Instant Copy.After spending hours fooling around with Instant CD/DVD I realized that it 's much more than just bad software . It 's a material refutation of the dogma of free-market efficiency . If Pinnacle is still in business , then clearly , clearly , markets do n't work in the manner that economists like to imagine.The most satisfying thing about this software is the feeling you get when you throw it in the trash .
 Read this warning - - - I purchased Pinnacle Studio 11 and Instant DVD came with it . If you want to use Windows XP Drag and Drop , Nero , Roxio or any other burning software , DO NOT INSTALL THIS PRODUCT . As soon as it is installed , this product completely takes over any CD/DVD burner that you have and you will not be able to record with any other software package , including Windows XP and Windows Media Player . It took me several days to find out what happened to XP , The record tab was removed from the CD \ DVD properties window and I could no longer use Drag and Drop , or my Roxio burning software . The only way I could get full use back was to un-installed this product . No software should to this , and if I were the makers of Roxio , Nero , and even Microsoft , I would make sure everyone found out about what this product is doing to disable their products .
 I have used several Pinnacle products in the past and when Instant CD/DVD came out I bought the package right away . Having already had a few DVD 's ruined with scratches , I thought I would back them up . What a mistake as it turns out Instant CD/DVD will not copy any copy protected movies , and practically all are protected . Buy DVD X Copy or try some of the free programs . Do n't waste your money if you are buying to just copy DVD 's . If for other reasons , go ahead , as the package has some nice features .
 Even though this purchase was rather inexpensive it was still throwing money out the window . It would never recognize my burners in the destination sections when I tried to burn a DVD from the HD . The hard drive was the only destination source it would give me . Contacted Pinnacle and after trying several suggestions that didnt work they sent my an e-mail that said they no longer supported this product and said I should upgrade to a different product they had .
 I 've been using computer software for years but this program was very hard to use . I finally just gave up and uninstalled it .
 Shortly after buying the product I had to replace my computer and the product was not used .
 cheap inferior item not as pictured . i was expecting a pro round cable not speaker wire 16 ga with phono plugs attached . I could have made one of these for 5.00 also , shipping through USPS is ridiculously slow . Has Parts Express never heard of FED EX ground ? Will think three times next time ... It took 14 days to get here ... from OHIO ! ''
 There are no drivers that will make a Floppy drive with a 64bit system . Seems the old files systems are not compatible .
 This product triggers the Win7 install and appears to work on first disk , but when you remove the first disk and insert a second disk it does not recognize that a change has occurred . It continues to show the content of the first disk . Win7 reports the driver is up to date in device manager .
 ... but if you want to use this , buy a couple of them . Mine lasted about a month . The problem is the plastic part that holds the phone into the case . It is n't sown very well and therefore rips out . For the price though , it could n't hurt to buy a few and just toss the broken ones .
 We bought this so that my son could see ALL the facets of adding and subtracting numbers , and especially to address a problem my first grader was having with lining up the numbers under the actual equation . Yes , this calucator shows the problem - but NOT the steps they teach in school . There are no ` figuring ' steps , so he still has no idea how to carry over numbers , or borrow for substraction , or add a zero for double-digit addition . There 's nothing showing him how the answer was found - just that there is an answer . He certainly knew this from the other calculators in the house . In other words , the only thing this calculator does is set up the problems in school format - it does n't show how to solve it , step by step , which is what is required by the school . We are back to square one , and my son is no closer to solving a two-digit subtraction problem than he was before we bought this . But he 's having fun pushing the buttons .
 The calculator colors are very gaudy , however the display is very bad and you can execute operations with big numbers .
 Another Christmas morning dud . It 's so dim you can barely make out what 's being displayed . Again , I tossed the packaging so it 's just another waste of $ . See my night light review .
 Good overall design , except that the keys are of poor quality , so you often have to push twice before a number appears . This really detracts from the use of this product -LRB- my son gets frustrated when using it -RRB- . There are many similar products out there , try them out . It is borderline useable , so I will not return it , but I would not buy it again . Not recommended.To the manufacturer
 The screen is way less resolution than the pictures would have you believe . The multiplication X sign is more like four slashes that do not come together at the middle - does not look like a multiplication sign unless you know what you are looking at . The numbers are skinnier too because of the low resolution . It actually claims `` high resolution '' on the back of the package but in no way is that true . We were very disappointed and sent it back .
 These DVD 's are junk . I have tried half of the spindle and ca n't get one to record . I have used two different burners and niether will record them . They either spit them back out with a message such as `` unrecordable '' or they record half way and then spit them out with different error messages.They must be made in China and should be recalled . I 'll stick with Memorex .
 The burning speed is incorrectly advertised as 8.0 x when it 's actually a maximum of 2.4 x. Takes 45 min to burn just one instead of 15 min like I hoped I would be getting.Updated *** These discs are terrible . Seems like they 're warped pretty bad about 2/4ths the way through the second layer . Burned 4 of them and all give same results . I burned 8 video files to the disc and about 10 min into the 6th 30 min episode , it suddenly goes back to the main menu . I bought a new awesome pioneer dvd player and Verbatims work very nice with it but pass up on these phillips dvds
 Definitley not for someone looking to push a lot of power over a long distance.Actually do n't sound to bad if you are working with very low levels , but not for a professional by any means .
 This Sharp TV is NOT sharp ! Cheap , but you do get what you pay for . We were told at Costco that `` Do n't worry , this is n't a discontinued model or anything like that '' . Baloney . That 's just what it is . The picture is marginal at best . Do yourself a big favor and spend a few more dollars to upgrade !
 If your iPod has rounded corners -LRB- like the one in the image on this page -RRB- it should fit without any trouble , but if the corners are squared off , it wo n't fit .
 my 14 ' lcd running at 1024x768 looks terrible after putting in this extension cable . not worth the money . look elsewhere .
 I found these to be incredibly bad and was forced to return them . I am an architecture student and needed something to rock out during those late nights in my design studio doing school work , and they did n't fit the bill . They had no Bass whatsoever and i had to max out the bass in my itunes equalizer to get them to even sound remoteley decent . My little $ 30 v-mod bass-freq in-ear buds sounded better.I also could not get them very loud at all , I had to max out the software volume control -LRB- in iTunes -RRB- , the software preamp -LRB- iTunes equalizer -RRB- and my computer 's hardware volume control to even get close . I tried a small external headphone amplifier and that helped , These things just need too much power to be useful with an iPod or even a computer.That being said , they were quite comfortable and seemed to work very well when i plugged them into my home stereo amplifier . I imagine they would be best used with that application or in a music studio environment where one has the equipment and power necessary to drive them .
 These headphones sound outstanding , but the headband design has a latent defect which over a short period of time causes the headband support to fall apart . It is held on by a small piece of plastic . Usually Koss designs their product much better . I did get a replacement but the same exact defect reoccurred in the replacement pair.I would recommend the koss pro 4 aa which is built much better over these .
 My first great headphones were professional Koss headphones in the 80s . They 've come a long way the wrong way . I have earbuds that produce richer sound than these . They are not worth the money or the bulk .
 Do not waste your money on this . Mine did n't even make it a year before it stopped working . I wish I could rate it a negative 1 star .
 I received this DVD player last week and was so excited ! We plugged it in and played a DVD and it was great ! We played another one - great ! Then , on the third DVD , it just stopped working . We checked the power source , tried different discs - nothing . It completely stopped working . Based I my experience , I can not recommend this product .
 Hello : I ca n't say too much about the product because I sent an email to the manufacturer for some product support and after about 3 weeks , it still remains unanswered . What I can say about Amazon is that they lived up to my expectations as they always have in that the product arrived promptly as promised and in good condition.J . W. Eshleman
 I ordered this from Amazon in July and when we took our first trip with it a couple of weeks later , were very disappointed to find out that the unit did not hold a charge -LRB- even though we were careful to charge it properly the first time -RRB- . We tried several more times to discharge and recharge it , but the unit was defective . I called Amazon , who told us to return it to Coby and thats where the real problems started . We returned it in August and still have not received a repaired unit in return . Every time I contact Coby they are very disorganized and unhelpful . I could not recommend any Coby product based on my experience with their customer service -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . I gave the unit two stars because it seemed like if it had worked it may have been great . The size and screen quality were great , but a portable unit made for traveling needs to be able to hold a charge more than 10 minutes .
 We sent this DVD player back . The controls were unreliable , the player kept freezing .
 We bought this for a long car trip , to keep our son occupied . It did n't work -- did not spin or play the DVD . Do n't buy it -- if some of them are broken straight out of the package , then the others probably wo n't last long .
 When we received the dvd player , the first disc we put in did not work . We tried a few more and they did work . My son then took the player to Australia the next day . He carried it the whole way in its case . Upon arrival in Australia , it worked fine a couple of times , then the dvds stopped playing half way through . I called , and Coby said to buy a dvd disc cleaner . He found one for $ 10.00 in Australia . It did not help . So now , he would have to pay return shipping , which would cost $ 40.00 . Coby will not refund the shipping for their defective player . By the time he returns to the US , the 90 day warranty will be up . I had a feeling that a no name brand might not be worth buying , and the warning sign was the very first dvd that went into the player that did not play.We got a lemon . Thank you Coby ! My son had to buy a new portable dvd player in Australia . Money just grows on trees Coby .
 Works great but battery life is so short it 's not worth buying unless you do n't mind plugging it into an electric outlet .
 Bought this portable DVD player for my daughter for travel . Product arrived in time and I fully charged the battery per the instructions . Battery is supposed to last at least 4 hours when fully charged . Well , the battery died after about 45 minutes of viewing . I checked the battery and it had a manufacturing date of 2005 , so no wonder it would n't hold a charge being 5 years old.Contacted closeoutking via amazon e-mail immediately and requested instructions to either get a new battery or exchange the whole product for a new one . Never received a response from the company .
 The grandchildren loved this when I first got it , and so did I as it kept them happy in the car , but after only limited use it started skipping and stopping . I 'd actually had it for over a year , but had n't used it much as there were n't all that many opportunities so I was very disappointed to discover on a long car trip when I really needed it that it was n't interested in playing the many movies we brought along for entertainment . It would play parts of the movies , or perhaps the special features , but apparently , the read head had lost its ability to operate smoothly all the way through the disk . Unfortunately , the warranty period was past , so I was out of luck . I 'll be more careful in making my next choice .
 When this first arrived , I was so excited . Great quality , nice looking at an excellent price . However , I think the great price in this case , is n't worth it . After watching just 2 DVD 's , the player stopped working.I am sending it to customer service for repair ; hopefully the service will be better than the overall quality .
 So if someone does sue Coby , let me know first thing . It has a great LCD screen . But everything else is poorly made . It 's a sand trap because you ca n't contact customer service to return the item . I 've emailed way too many times and called twice . Zilch . I 've sent BBB on them over the battery that caught fire with this item . And contrary to what I 've heard , the battery is not supposed to be attached to the device while your are using it.Then there 's the non existent battery indicator . And inserting dvd 's on it gives me a wrong disc notice now . And if your worried about a little radiation , the red laser showing from the vents wo n't excite you all that much . The screen flickers now because I found out twisting the screen on it 's 180 axis pulls the wire out of the motherboard . Who put this thing together ? Probably a bunch of broke engineers that were fired from other companies because they do such a poor job . Seriously avoid this product at all costs . I ca n't imagine how this got a 4 star . Just wait till yours goes bad .
 I purchased this about 2.5 months ago . When I first got it all was great , I enjoyed taking it to the laundry room , kitchen , bedroom . But after about 2 months any DVD I put in would get stuck at some point . I thought it might be because some were library DVDs but they were fine on our Sony DVD player , same with the DVDs that we own . Now we ca n't seem to be able to play any DVDs on it without it stopping at some point .
 ORDERED THIS BACK AT THE BEGINNING OF FEBRUARY AND STILL HAVE N'T RECEIVED IT . WHY IS IT TAKING AMAZON SO LONG TO GET IT IN . WOULD LIKE TO GET IT BEFORE I WENT ON VACATION .
 I would n't buy these again . Firstly , I could not withdraw a sheet from the center of the roll without tearing the edge . I finally had to pull out the entire center which consisted of perhaps a third of all available sheets , then I could n't reinsert those that I did n't need to use . I wrapped those in saran plastic wrap for later use . I also wrapped the entire container in saran wrap to keep the towelettes moist for later use . I really could n't see any before and after difference .
 Product purchased based on reviews but did not work as advertised . Very difficult to extract from container and left streaks on stainless steel appliances . Found a much better product at Home Depot called STEEL MEISTER . It works !
 I really wanted these to work . They clean the steel , however , what they leave behind is sometimes worse . On my refrigerator , they leave streaks and oil droplets . On my stove , they leave very noticeable dust particles , where I have to clean between knobs . Additionally , they have left scratches around the knobs of my stove , even though I was very careful to clean with the lightest touch . I am going back to the spray cleaner and microcloth . It is not as convenient , but does a much better job and wo n't scratch my appliances as easily .
 I 've used other brands that out perform this one . Spend a few dollars more , it might be worth it . These leave streaks .
 donot buy at amazon and donot beleave anything they tell you as they will lie to you as they did to me , donot buy from sellers on amazon any amazon.com do not trust them
 I really liked this printer while it lasted . It printed color beautifully , though I never did get a chance to test its photo printouts . I print occasionally . Maybe 10-20 pages/week . Unfortunately , after a year , the print head broke on its own . If they had a longer lasting printer similar to this , I would definitely get it .
 Bought mine in Nov. '04 - worked great until the print head went out in April ' 05 . Now it 's August only 4 months later and the print head as once again gone kaput . $ 80 bucks in 4 months , what a piece of crap . I do not recommend this printer to anyone , in fact I wish I had bought another Epson ! Anyone with a limited income should steer clear of this shoddy printer .
 This was a great printer ... Crisp clear graphics and text . But it just recently started printing `` foggy '' lots of fuzzy text . Then the black stopped printing altogether . The color printed fine but NO BLACK . Not exactly helpful for printing papers . Canon help desk was very quick getting back to me about the problem . Probably a bad print head , but it should be taken to a fixit shop to get checked out . Fixit shop wants $ 75 just to look at it , which is applied to the first hour of labor if we have it fixed . Print head runs about $ 45 . I can buy a whole new one for that ! I would by a Canon again but definately get the extended warranty.Buy the comparable ink from Carrot Ink.com . Cost alot less . Refilling does n't not work with Canon . This was my 2nd Canon and refilling the cartridges did n't work with either .
 I did not purchase my units through Amazon , let me be clear about that . I purchased mine locally but ... This is a BAD Product ! a defective product ! and the company knows it ! I purchased my first unit about eight years ago . They work really well at killing bugs ... . for the first year and then you 're on your own . I decided to use two on my property due to all the mosquitos flying around in the evening . These are killing machines and they do a fantastic job at killing every bug , I mean EVERY Bug.It is true that you will have to constantly keep them cleaned but they are n't worth the money if you have to keep replacing them every twelve to eighteen months.I have tried to get information from the company about why I have had to replace my units every year and they just make up pathetic excuses but never provide an appropriate answer . I have an electronics background and know enough that these units should last forever but something else is going on with these units and no one is saying anything.I am fed up with having to ship them back every year and wait on a new or refurbished unit . If it was a quality product , this should not be happening in the first place.The damned units do not last much longer then about eighteen months and then you have to call the company and get the unit replaced.Unless you have a crush on your local UPS person or whoever you use to ship them back , I would say to find a different product / manufacture for a bug zapper ... . aka . '' Vincent Price Machine '' . It cost me about $ 45.00 per unit to ship them back for a replacement every year . To me it is n't worth the trouble or the money . If you have money to burn , then go ahead and waste your day ! As for me , my two units are going to the recycler !
 Have had three of these . One lasted four days . They all suffer from the same problem . The ballasts/starter bulbs go bad and the only functioning part of the unit is the electrical grid which constantly clogs up even on a good day .
 10 to 12 days after receiving original , one light bulb went defective . Replacement unit also had defective bulb that would not light up after 10-12 days . Requesting 2nd -LRB- and final -RRB- replacement to correct defective bulb . Both times defective bulbs were on the side opposite of the electric pulg in cord . If it worked properly , it would be a good product .
 I got two these zappers both which have defective power supply because one bulb wont lite up . Switching bulbs showed it was n't bulb it was power supply for unit
 I live in south Mississippi where the mosquitoes , gnats , flies , moths , horse flies and beetles are often a problem . I have an acre pond 300 feet from my back porch , so yes I invested in one from Walmart . It lasted 23 days before the light did not work -LRB- black lights -RRB- . I brought it back to the store where they sold out with no expectations for others . I then bought it on Amazon . It was a UV lighted one and so I was taken aback and did not expect it to be so bright . After a week , I got used to it and it works great . Mosquitoes are very attracted to it with the attractant I bought for it , I should be good to go for at least two summers . I just wanted to say how much I LOVE the Amazon company too . This light was shipped from the `` Nerds '' and I received it in a great new condition .7 / 27/12Updated , I have had nothing but trouble out of these Stingers . I have sent in and they 've sent back 3 . Something goes bad in the head . Now it 's been on back order for the last 30 days and when I called today , David said an additional 30 more days is expected . Boo !!! to the makers of this thing . I figure I got 14 days total use out of it . I will wait 90 days before giving a review again .8 / 14/12I asked the Kaz folks to please consider exchanging to a newer model ... They sent me a a BK300 really constructed differently and looks like it will stand up better . It has been plugged in and going for the last 4 days . It is different because of the black light and has an energy saving feature from dusk to dawn sensor . I am hoping this one will hold up . Will keep y' all posted from the south .
 The Stinger brand of bug zappers is generally unreliable , in my experience . I am on my second 1-acre model ; the first one stopped working after 2 days , and the other one still has quirks , especially if it gets wet even in a light rain . I decided to try the 1.5 acre model when I moved into a new house with a back yard near a lot of trees and a creek , knowing the mosquitoes would be bad . I turned it on and it looked great with the dark purple black lights . Unfortunately , it did not zap any bugs . It was broken right out of the box . I returned it and decided to go with the Flowtron instead , that brand has much better reviews and seems to be more reliable . No more Stinger bug zappers for me !
 Stinger : Pros - With mosquito lure , killed lotsa bad insects -LRB- at first , then would n't zap small insects ! -RRB- - BUT!Cons - Their electric wire grid uses square wires that QUICKLY clog up . Pretty soon it was packed solid & killing nothing!I had to keep blowing it out -LRB- air compressor -RRB- every couple ofdays - HASSLE!Flowtron `` 80 ! '' -LRB- took puny 40 back ! -RRB- - Pros - Killed lots more bugs , because it NEVER clogs up -LRB- zaps small insects too ! -RRB- ! The electric rods are straight up/down , so no cross wires to catch falling insects & clog.Dead insects fall out the bottom - Blow clean once a month ... I used the Stinger mosquito lure , purchased at Wally World ... Cons - The only con is that the outer protective plastic cage HAD bars only about 1/2 '' apart -LRB- same with Stinger -RRB- - This kept larger moths ... from being able to easily get in to the electric grid.I used a large wire cutter & cut out every 3d bar - on top 2/3ds of cage . Alternating ... , so cut bar was in the middle of two solid bars on adajacent side - Still rigid!I put it on an outside timer -LRB- for when evenings cool down - Not much insect activity below 55 degrees ... -RRB- . Adjust accordingly.Never hang it near a door , as their is always a 10 ' + swarm of insects around it.Try to hang it over head high , in a DRY -LRB- electric -RRB- area .
 I bought one of these when they were still $ 80 . I would not buy one now if it was on sale for $ 10 . If you buy one of these -LRB- and I hope that you do not -RRB- , you are going to get the model that is in the picture kindly provided by Mr. Bryant . This unit has two bulbs . One of them burned out in my unit after only about a month . So , I bought a replacement -LRB- Stinger brand -RRB- bulb for about $ 15 at Wal-Mart . Then the other bulb burned out a few weeks later . So , I bought another bulb -LRB- another $ 15 -RRB- . Then after about three months , BOTH bulbs starting putting out a strange yellow-orange glow and the grid no longer `` zapped '' bugs . After a short lifetime of about three months , it went into the garbage can . Yeah , I could have messed with the warranty , but it just was not worth it . I 'll bet that other people will though , and I 'm going to predict that Amazon will quit selling these things because of the high rate of complaints and returns . Maybe I just got a bad one , but I doubt it . I 'll never buy another Stinger or Honeywell product . I go on the consumer philosophy of `` Sell me a bad product once , shame on you . Sell me a bad product twice , shame on me '' . You 've been warned .
 I 've had numerous Flowtron zappers in the past . They do so good a job it burns out the high voltage transformer after a year or two . It sounds like the fourth of July most nights.I bought a Stinger 80W this time and returned it for a refund the next day . The grid is too far apart to kill gnats and mosquitos . They fly all around it in safety.Plus the grids are not side-by-side like the Flowtron , but one grid is inside the other , closer to the lights . So if the bugs are too big , like moths , they ca n't make it through the outer grid and never get zapped . And if they are too small , like mosquitos and gnats , they never get zapped either.Don ' t waste your time on this brand .
 Do n't waste your money on this crap . Two months of use and both bulbs along with the spare have gone out . It would n't attract anything but an electric bill now . Keep away , far away from this product and keep your money in your pocket .
 One of the lights was burned out and the electric zapper mesh kept buzzing all the time `` bugs or not '' , not a good product ,
 I got this having read the other reviews and being relatively new to the land of buying printer/copiers . I 'm not sure why this copier was so well reviewed.I am disappointed with this purchase because ... -16 pp/m is snail 's pace by 2009 standards -LRB- wish I 'd done that research first -RRB- . - The surface glass is tiny and is n't good for anything larger than regular paper size . i.e. -RRB- try to photocopy any except small books and you can barely do two pages at a time-it wo n't work with Mac at all ever -LRB- called Canon -RRB- - return policy for some of these shippers is nonexistent -LRB- check first -RRB-
 The main attraction to this copier is the net price considering the product abilities . The Canon D340 copier replaced a Canon PC920 , which did a yeoman job througout its life . The new copier adds an auto-feed feature which is very handy , and works well . Other than that , the scanning area is miniscule compared to the PC920 , making copying from a book next to impossible . The D340 weighs about one half of the PC920 , which may reflect the quality and longevity of the new model.The main problem is that with the $ -LSB- ... -RSB- Rebate that was offered , it was a good deal . The terms and conditions were a little stringent , and were carefully carried out , and to no avail . Although we documented the rebate terms , have photocopies of everything sent , Canon appears to have had no intention of sending the rebate . We received a form letter saying the rebate was not honored because `` UPC lable is missing '' . This is not true , as we have photo copies of the original cut from the carton . We intend to pursue this through Amazon , the seller , and AMEX , the credit card company . In the meantime , when dealing with CANON , let the buyer beware .
 Bought this scope on a whim as astronomy and the study of the stars has always been of interest to me since I was a kid . Set up was relatively easy , but once I looked through it ... oh the disappointment . I was able to set up the viewfinder , but mount failed to keep objects within the finders field of view . And once you get something in the scope , the vibration and poor mount make it impossible to even focus without causing the scope to go into an irritating bout of shaking . I tried it for 4-5 nights in a row , and returned it . I went out and bought a cheap 10X50 set of binoculars and they work as well , without headache of this scope.On a good note , it looks nice . Too bad the functionality is utterly unreasonable .
 Ink cartridge runs out fast . I wish they use a bigger cartrige for the printer .
 For some reason this 0.8 ounce item is considered either too heavy or two large to qualify for free shipping , even when added to a larger order . Save five bucks and pick it up from a local retailer .
 I thought that I was ordering 4 twin packs -LRB- as the picture showed -RRB- , but I received 4 cartridges separately , out of the original box . I paid more for each cartridge than in a store !
 DO NOT PURCHASE !!! The package comes in duel cartridges and one was empty and dried up and the other is already low on ink after the initial 10 pages
 Both ink cartridges in this boxed package came dried up and unusable.I will now have to a -RRB- go to the local store to buy a new set of ink and b -RRB- try to return these dried ones to amazon.I suggest purchasing ink at your local Staples/OfficeDepot/OfficeMax where you can return the ink in person .
 Item photo shows boxed new cartridge , we received item wrapped only in clear plastic , no box and looked used and leaking ink out of cartridge . Amazon said this 3rd party seller does not replace/refund items . Buy from other merchants , not imagewherehouse .
 The cartridge does not hold enough ink . It prints 50 pages maximum . That equates to $ .24 / page of copy . WAAAAAY to expensive.FRS
 LB-51 can not be used directly with the i70 or i80 printer . It needs the housing that is only available within the CK-51 or LK-51 -LRB- of which , the LB-51 is part of those packages -RRB-
 I have heard comments about banding . Under close examination it 's process is clean and sharp . I see no banding at all . I have compared a prize 35 mm film photo scanned on my Nikon 4000 ED 35mm film scanner with the same print by a professional photo lab on Kodak exhibition gloss . They are 99 % identical . If one has a fine digital file you will be be very pleased ... It is super fast and the print heads are user replaceable in case of a clog ! ... I conducted a test on Canon Photo + glossy and Canon inks .3 weeks in the morinig sun and 3 weeks in the afternoon sun - direct sunlight . To the casual look no fading at all - a very critical look 1-2 % loss . This is very impressive . Even then one has to be very critical under lighted magnification . I have heard of claims of fading - they must be using non canon related supplies . So Canon 's claims of 25 years seem very realistic and then some.Update some months later severe fading on black and almost black images including dark blues . This is with Canon ink and their finest paper . So disappointing ! This was in a normal home environmemt !
 I have used the S9000 for three years , mainly to print 11x17 drawings . It has been a flawless printer , but today I purchase another brand . I am so mad I could spit!Apparently the Canon products have a spent ink container that can not be self serviced . There is n't a sensor to indicate that it is filled , the printer just stops working after a given time period or set number of copies . I have tried the internet codes to reset the printer , but to no avail.The local Canon service center wants $ 100 to reset the codes . Add to the fact that a complete Canon ink refill is about $ 90 and this printer is too expensive to keep.Whatever marketing genius came up with this plan to get more money from their client base has lost my loyalty and business forever .
 I purchased the i9100 after my old hp died . I searched the webread reviews and everything looking for the best printer , not considering cost . I thought this was it , but not so , it was , in my opinion junk . MY old hp that cost 130 dollars printed circles around this thing . It must be just this one , I ca n't believe a 500 dollar printer prints like this . I 'm returning this one and ordering a new one just to see if I got a bad one . I call tech support went through the stuff ... no good , tryed everything dumb and not so dumb blotchie and faded color not even useable let along state of the art .
 There is a white shadow line on the left side of the picture .
 I bought one Canon S35 Toner Cartridge -LSB- for Canon D300 series , D320 , and L170 -RSB- for $ 75 plus $ 5.99 s/h from this vendor -LSB- asbookstore -RSB- via Amazon , and what I received was completely worthless . After installing the toner cartridge , I was shocked to see that every page that I printed had 3/32 '' - high black horizontal bars -LRB- spaced just under 1.5 '' apart -RRB- running across every page that came out of my Canon . I know it 's not the printer because it has performed flawlessly for years ... until `` asbookstore '' 's lame product entered the scene . I used Amazon 's feedback feature to contact this vendor for remediation -LRB- read `` refund '' -RRB- and waited nine calendar days -LRB- until today -RRB- for them to at least have the decency to respond . Naturally , they completely ignored my complaint , and why not ! -- they already had my money and sent me that piece-of-junk cartridge to throw away for them . Now my printer is down until I go out and repurchase a cartridge to get back up and running again . What a joke ! The only reason I rated this outfit 1 Star is because I was n't sure whether Amazon 's `` Create Your Review '' feature would permit me to register a Zero Star rating instead . This is the first time I 've been scammed through the Amazon portal , so I 'm not blaming them -- sooner or later you 're bound to run into a ripoff like this , even through a highly reputable establishment like Amazon . BE WARNED , and save yourself some $ $ and the hassle of having to write your own version of this rating .
 Generally , when you think of something that has been factory refurbished you assume certain things will be fixed or replaced if they show damage or excessive wear . I 'm not sure who works in the Meade refurb department but I 'm guessing they were having a rotten day that day.The telescope arrived FedEx ground . Upon opening the box a few small broken pieces of black plastic fell out . I discovered the rear plate behind the mirror was fractured , although it might 've happened in shipping . The tube was also dented in a couple of places . After it was assembled and configured -LRB- strictly by the manual -RRB- , on the first try when the Autostar attempted to slew to a southern star for alignment it raised the tube all the way past 90 degrees and began clicking . Each subsequent attempt -LRB- fresh batteries -RRB- did the same thing . A couple days later the Autostar just gave a motor error message and quit trying . The buttons on the handheld unit were squishy and sometimes entered data twice.The 25mm eyepiece gave decent results but the 9mm and the Barlow 2x were much too dark to be useful . The focus mechanism was coarse , stiff and difficult to use on the very loose alt axis . The best results were turning the bare gears by hand to slew the scope . The tripod seemed a little too cheaply made to be stable enough to use regularly.In short , do n't expect much for this price . I would suggest paying a little extra for an equatorial mount and learning how to manually find what you 're looking for instead of depending on a very , * very * poorly made computer controller . I wo n't call Meade for warranty repair since it would probably be better to get a refund and go with a different brand.Pros
 sounds like it could be a great product but I bought it as a gift and when we set it up we could not see anything through it . We followed the instructions carefully but have no experience with a telescope so found it highly frustrating . Neither myself nor the recipient had the time to spend calling customer service or trying to return it -LRB- HUGE box ! -RRB- so it sits unused and annoys me everytime I see it sitting there !
 I have this item from a local dealer on Dec 29,2008 and it dies with in weeks . the DVD 's spins out of control . also it scratches DVD `` s. Its made in China and I hate it . any high tech stuff made in China and Taiwan . I refuse to buy it . I got two HP Compters Dead.c One hell of expensive top of the line 939 ASUS motherboard SLI 32 Deluse . Dead . and then Fed Ex killed it buy througing it over the appartment bulding to safe time . Gees make a appointment ! PSP also dead with in 2 days , ther is no service plan for SCEA any more . I am sick and tired of made in China and made in Taiwan . my X-mas bonus was spent on this . initial DVD player . ! where is the service on Initial ? I tryed calling . No answer
 I assumed that , having a Firewire interface , this scanner would have really good Mac OS X support . Boy was I wrong . The CD came with no obvious installer , but a bunch of unintuitively named installers deep inside folders with no clues about the order of installation . I was able to download better installers from Canon 's web site , but even so , the installation was painful . The installer would actually install another installer and then launch Internet Explorer to give you instructions on what to do next . There were several pieces of software to install , each one using this Byzantine method . At least the instructions in IE were clear.The scanner driver is quite bad . The layout of the interface is poor -LRB- not to mention ugly -RRB- and the software sucks up all available CPU power when idle -LRB- strangely , CPU power goes down to 5 or 10 % during scanning -RRB- . Also , the installers load daemons that watch for button presses on the front of scanner . These suck up 5 or 10 % of the CPU when the scanner is disconnected and output error messages continually to the system log files -LRB- they to grow to hundreds of megabytes and it becomes very difficult to find anything useful in them . -RRB- Now , scanner software has a reputation for being bad and I just assumed that if Canon 's were terrible I would buy the fantastic VueScan shareware program . I should have done my homework
 This scanner has probably good hardware but you can expect big problems with software . The colors of photos scanned from negative film depend on the other shots on the same strip . Unfortunately even if you tell the scanner not to use color correction it does it anyway . Scanning 20 + negs with 3200dpi takes more than 5 hours . It was more or less acceptable for me if I could expect normal result . Unfortunately it happens often that after hours of waiting you have to delete pictures with heavy blue cast and put strips into the scanner in another order and hope that it will work -LRB- sometimes it helps -RRB- . I have asked from Canon customer care if there is another software or a way to configure this one somehow . They answered that I have to ask from Adobe . : - -RRB-
 Nothing has worked right and I have given Canon ample time to correct the problem . Dirt and smudges under the glass , horrible twain driver -LRB- EPSON 's much better -RRB- , bad color mangement and no real support from Canon . I usually love my Canon products , but stay away -LRB- far away -RRB- from this one . I think I just got a bad unit , but also think that I am just goin ' to be stuck with it forever .
 I bought a Canon L75 new some years ago and used it for the rare faxes I send and receive as well as for small copy jobs . The document feeder always worked poorly , often sucking in two or more pages at once . The solution was to hand-feed each page . Now , just barely into the third toner cartridge , the document feeder has failed completely . So it 's off to the landfill for this overpriced piece of junk . I 'm replacing it with a Brother 4100e .
 If you are into just looks then get this transmitter . If you want something that works , look elsewhere . I purchased this based on a few reviews I read on an iPod website but when i received the iTrip I was greatly dissapointed . It sounded awful , even when there was not static . Once you start driving the sound is brutal , static , and you have to really crank your radio to hear the music . I like the fact that you can fine tune it , but even when i set it to mono and found a totally dead station the sound was not listenable to me . I then purchased the monster icarplay and it works 1000 times better . usually i am not a big fan of monster products but that product works perfect , on every channel i tried . Stay away from this .
 The iPod is an elegant product
 I have several problems with this model . First ... it does n't fit the new `` skinny '' Gen2 iPods . Secondly ... nothing in the literature warns you of this fact prior to buying it . Third ... when I hooked it up to my older model Nano thinking I could at least use it on my old model , the unit did n't work well . Short battery life , fuzzy reception -LRB- no matter how well you tune it -RRB- , and the signal is easily overridden in a suburban area with strong radio signals .
 While this product is cool and sleek and marries nicely with the nano , it has several flaws ... especially if you are using it on a long road trip -LRB- Chicago to Atlanta -RRB- . First , it drains your battery in about half the normal run-time . Thus , you have to buy a separate charger if you do n't want to run out of juice - so why bother ? Secondly , the signal is weak - you 'll have to change the channel about every 20 minutes because of external signals which come in and out . For some reason , I found the signal was especially hindered when a semi or a cluster of semis were close to my car . Third , it works well at home , but its range is only about 10 feet from the stereo - so do n't plan on sitting on the opposite side of the room and adjusting volume or changing songs . Finally , I know prices have come down dramatically -LRB- really , $ 50 for an FM transmitter ? -RRB- ; however , practically speaking , this gadget is just not worth it and has too many things working against it . I think a lot of companies think that we 'll spend any amount of money for iPod gadgets - help prove them wrong and do n't buy this product .
 I bought this product 4 months ago and it is already giving me problems . It transmits to the radio about as well as most FM trasmitters , but the Nano tends to slide off of the dock area which causes the sound quality to fade . Cool design , bad function .
 I purchased this for my Acura TL since I wanted to listen to podcasts and music for the short term ... while for the long-term , i debate spending hundreds of dollars on a real ipod to car link.To my dismay , the quality of sound of even audio lectures are crappy ! There 's tons of static and you have to crank up the volume high.Now imagine what it sounds with music . Man it 's horrible , it 's like hearing hold music over the phone . It 's WORSE than radio station music.I wish i could return it , but i exceeded Griffin 's strict 30 day return policy . Woe is me . I 'd resell it on ebay or craigslist , but i 'd feel guilty to sell such a crummy product .
 I recently got a Nano and carry it everywhere with me . I use earphones at work , but wanted to be able to hook into sound systems in my home , car , and boat . They all have FM radio , so this seemed perfect . I liked the cool way that it integrates with the iPod.The product description said it could reach up to 30 ft. What a crock ! This thing ca n't seem to push a clear signal into my FM tuners even when it is right on top of the unit or right next to the antenna . It 's barely useable under the best of circumstances , with my music sounding fuzzy and static-y . I have no other experience with this technology so I do n't know if all of these FM xmitter gadgets are this crappy or what . Perhaps this one sacrifices performance for style , or maybe I just got a lemon .
 This product is not compatible with the new nano . Does n't line up/fit the base connectors .
 Based on other reviews , it would seem that this product suffers from bad quality control . Form
 This little ditty is great in concept but Griffin ruined it by making it dependent on a headphone jack instead of the dock adapter as they have done in their other FM Modulators.The interface is really nice.As with most FM Modulators , either the FCC or the companies who make these things never make them capable of making enough signal strength to actually be useful . Consider the kensington pico adapter or Xtreme Mac 's solution -LRB- which includes an antenna -RRB- .
 I guess I got what I paid for , $ 0.01 . It 's a pretty shoddy transmitter that only works intermittently . I find that I pretty much have to hold it right next to the radio in order for it to work . If you get irritated by static , spend the money for a better iTrip .
 DO NOT Buy this product . They must have purchased this from a garage sale . It came in a plastic bag with no manual and did not work .
 The advertisement for this article did not indicate which nano ipod it would work for . Not knowing this , I purchased the iTrip , only to discover it is the wrong type . Our nano looked exactly like the one advertised with the item , so we did not expect this problem
 This item does not work with second gen Nanos . I do n't know why the product description fails to mention this . The one page manual that comes with it does not mention this either . You have to go to the mnfctr website to find this out .
 It states in the review that it is for the 1G nano , but in the product manual it states it should fit the 2G Nano . It does not . It would be a great product if it did , I think , because I am quite satisfied with Griffin products , and it is a very slim design.I also think it would have been great at preventing the transmitter from breaking off , which , has been a concern with those that simply insert into the bottom or top of the iPod.They were really great about returning it , though , so no harm done , I suppose . Loss of shipping costs to return it .
 amazing product . easy to use and sounds great . too bad i can get these results everywhere EXCEPT in my car which is where i bought this item for!Obviously the problem is my car stereo , but its the principle.otherwise this is a great product with no real drawbacks other than it seems to really drain the nano 's battery power fast . another no-no for a product whos main features are for use in car without external power .2 / 5 stars .
 This iTrip was horrible . If you want to hear lots of static , go for it , but if I ended up returning this product for a Belkin transmitter -- much clearer reception .
 Any slight movement of the device will cause your radio to BURST out very disconcerting STATIC . If you touch the device in any manner , it will make the music stop coming out of one side of your speakers . It has very very BAD STATIC . Its a great idea , but should not be on shelves.DON ' T BUY THIS PRODUCT . THERE MAY BE ONES OUT THERE NOT AS SLEEK LOOKING THAT WORK A LOT BETTER .
 GOT TA GEN2 ?? DO N'T ORDER THIS . GEN2 WILL NOT FIT . NOW I HAVE TO GO TO EXPENSE OF SENDING THIS BACK . SHAME ON AMAZON FOR NOT SAYING SO IN ITEM COPY !!!!
 I ORDERED THIS ITEM AND NEVER RECEIVED IT . IT WAS SHIPPED USPS AND SCANNED INTO THE LOCAL POST OFFICE BUT BEYOND THAT I CAN NOT GET ANY FURTHER PROOF OF DELIVERY . I HAVE CONTACTED THE DESIGNATED SHIPPER FOR ASSISTANCE AND HAVE GOTTEN NO REPLY . I HAVE HEARD FROM CO-WORKERS THAT THIS ITEM IS VERY GOOD FOR THE PRICE PAID , BUT AS OF YET I CAN NOT VERIFY . PATIENTLY WAITING FOR CLOSURE .
 this product is terrible . all i heard was static , even if i placed it next to the car stereo . i ended up returning it and purchasing the road trip one . it costs more but i have n't had any problems with it .
 Probably due to local circumstances -LRB- I used this product in Moscow , Russia -RRB- the quality of sound was so poor -LRB- as noisy as a far-away radio wave -RRB- that I stoped using this transmitter .
 The first iTrip Nano was defective -LRB- continually flipped the iPod Nano between play and pause and could only be halted by unplugging the iTrip -RRB- . Griffin 's email tech support was easy to reach and responeded within 24 hrs . After several go-arounds about requiring an original purchase receipt -LRB- it was a present ! -RRB- and describing the symptoms just one more time , they agreed it was defective and should be returned for replacement.Two weeks later , a new one arrived and it worked ! Simple to set up and use right out of the box . I like the design , looks and ease of use.Other reviewers have noted the iTrip has a weak transmitter . Around the home , my receiver picked up a strong signal from 10-15 feet away . That may be OK but it 's not where I plan to use the iTrip . In the car , there were spots in the front seats and dash were the signal was too faint to be useful.They 've also noted that the iTrip drains the iPod Nano 's battery rapidly . I did n't realize how fast that happened , though . My iPod Nano plays through ear buds for 15 hours on one charge . When attached to the iTrip , however , that drops to about 1 hour . Unless you 've got a separate car charger or drive only a few minutes a day , you may not find this performance satisfactory.All this considere , the iTrip is n't for me . I 'm considering an FM transmitter that will charge my iPod Nano at the same time its playing in the car .
 As someone else observed in October , the base connections do n't fit the new Nano , but the unit seems pretty slick , so I 'm passing it along to a friend .
 I immediately returned my FM transmitter for the Nano . It 's very frustrating when technology is released before it reaches an acceptable level of quality . This transmitter literally needs to be sitting directly on the radio or the sound is flooded with static . I 'd even try turning it around , upside down , whatever ... nothing worked . Even direct contact is no guarantee . Forget about manipulating the song lists . It 's very disconcerting listening to music up loud , then getting hit with a burst of static . Maybe other transmitters are better , but I would n't bet on it . I bought something called a `` Nano Starter Kit '' for $ 40 at Circuit City . It had a wall charger , car charger , cassette adaptor for the car , stereo adaptor wires , a case , an extra set of headphones . Even if half the stuff fails , it 's better than paying $ 20 or more for each of those items through Apple or the more popular companies .
 This product did not match the description - it was a faulty product that did not fit the iPod nano , had to be tossed .
 I bought this and found out it does not fit all Nano iPods . At least Amazon is taking it back at no charge .
 The headphone jack snapped in half after three uses . $ 38 seems like a lot of money for a flimsy disposable product .
 This thing is useless , I ca n't get it working even with my high end home stereo unless keeping about 3 ft from the antena . And quality of sound is FAR from FM quality . My AM stations are better . Cost me $ 5 after MIR , which is still too much for this `` gadget ''
 I really liked the design of this little gadget and as I had bought the ipod nano that was small I liked that this was compact and sleek too.The big disappointment was however , not how it looked but what it did . The gadget only gives you the option of choosing uneven channels and so you get terrible crackling and disturbances through the transmition . The radio even sounds better ! We have switched to using a direct wired approach now and love the sound . This Itrip can go to the bin for all I care . A definite no buy I would n't even give it away .
 Just received my iTrip Nano . I have now tried the unit in 3 different vehicles on multiple frequencies and the results are universally poor . The quality of the construction is also poor although the user interface and integration with the iPod is pretty good . Regardless of the visual appeal of this product I am surprised that a product with such obvious shortcoming could have been brought to market . A colleague has an original iTrip on his iPod and although it does n't look good at least it works pretty well .
 I loved this product for the first 30 days I had it . It worked well and was nice and compact - no wires dangling all over my car . Then all of the sudden , it has lost its broadcasting strength . I have to hold it right next to the radio -LRB- on any frequencey I try -RRB- and even then , can barely hear it through all the static .
 Did not work . I will never purchase this again . Do not choose this product . Does not work as you would think . Worse few bucks I have ever spent for and iPod . Especially an old model too . Do not waste your time and just upgrade to an iPod with this feature .
 In spite of the fact that I gave the seller the type of Ipod I had , the ITrip connection did not fit my Ipod Nano .
 I bought the Teac system that was not remanufactured and was also very disappointed in the quality . The CD player did not even last 6 months ! I would not buy another Teac product .
 When I first received the item I was disappointed that the audio quality was fairly weak . The subwoofer was okay , but the main speakers really ca n't handle much sound.Also , the photo and description are very deceiving when it comes to the `` sleek , flat-panel left and right speakers , as well as the main unit , are wall mountable , enabling you to save valuable desk or shelf space . `` I chose this thinking that I would be able to flush wall-mount very thin speakers and the main unit . What is n't revealed is there is a pretty chunky box hiding in the back of these units
 You get what you pay for . It lasted less then one year , then the cd player quit working . Remanufactored should have been my warning .
 This is the wrong memory for my desktop . There must have been some confusion in the cross referencing for my computer and I got the laptop version instead of the desktop .
 I got this 4gb crucial memory ram for my early 2011 macbook pro and it did nothing . My pro originally had 3gb ram -LRB- 2x1 .5 gb -RRB- and 320gb hard drive . I use final cut pro , Google chrome , and a ton of video editing things for movies and clips i enjoy making . I also usually have a ton of tabs open . When I installed the 2x2gb ram from crucial i saw a slight difference . My friends with the same model macbook pro bought a 2x2gb ram from another brand and his macbook pro is much faster than mine .
 Only half of my order ever showed up . I tried to contact the seller multiple times and never received a response .
 I have a 2007 Mac Mini Core Duo 2GHz for reference . After installing this memory my fan kicked on and never turned off . The memory appears to be working , but as another reviewer stated they must be missing a temperature sensor that affects fan function . This small issue turns my normally quiet mini into a train coming down the tracks . I would definitely suggest researching this memory for your specific machine before you click the purchase button . It may save you the headache of dis-assembly , assembly , dis-assembly , assembly , return , purchase different memory and then dis-assembly , assembly again scenario I now face .
 Before I bought this paired 4gig combo pack -LRB- 2gx2g = 4gb -RRB- for use in my Toshiba Tecra A8 I had been using a 1gig stick and a 500k stick for a total memory of 1.5 gb -LRB- unmatched/paired . I was so happy when they came ! The shipping was ouber fast came in like 2 days . I have had the new memory instald now for about 2 weeks and to be honest I think my computer might actually be running slower ??? I had better performance when I had my old memory installed ! Not sue why ? my comp says that I have 4g installed but it sure has n't made a hill of beans difference like I thought it would !
 Bought in May and the computer -LRB- Macbook -RRB- ca n't boot up in July . Memory malfunctioning.Amazon refuse to provide service since its passed 1 month , and had to contact manufacturer for replacement . Initially , crucial asked me to pay for shipping back the product . After half an hour struggling on the phone , Crucial finally agreed to send me an UPS code . After all , I still have to find a package , print label , go to UPS and wait for a few days to get the replacement back . Definitely not what I expected.People say Amazon has good customer service . In this instance , they did n't provide any help beyond giving me an 800 number . Note on this product , it says sold by Amazon , and did n't mention the return policy at all .
 This product did not work on my computer . Not able to boot . After searching the web , I think it was because it was the wrong density , something not specified . I returned it to Amazon with no problems -LRB- that was great ! -RRB- . I then went to the Crucial website , let them scan my machine , and ordered memory from them - This worked great ! Get your memory from the source so you can be sure it will work .
 Mac issue only
 2008 MacBook 4,12.1 GHz Intel Core 2 Duo1 GB 667 MHz DDR2 SDRAMDid not recognize the RAM . I removed it and reinstalled it several times and MacBook would not boot . I put the original RAM back in and MacBook booted as normal.Amazon.com was fair , giving me a full refund .
 ` Universal ' it is not - failed to link up to any and all electronics we tried it with . Do n't waste your money .
 I was impressed by the reviews here and while it seems to work for MOST brands as per the reviews , it would be helpful to know that it definitely does not work with ALL brands as it says on its package/description . Moreover , the customer service is pathetic . Only takes on-line emails , five of which , since December 2008 when I bought the product , have been unanswered . Do make sure before buying this product that it will work with your equipment . Important to know
 The package says guarantee to work on all devices ... BUT None of the code works for the Toshiba TV I have , its not even one of those exotic brands ! contacted the tech support and they said I will have to buy a more expensive remote from their company and MAYBE that will work . Think twice before you buy people !
 The Universal Remote Control does not recognize Sharpe T/V or Presidion Combo . The codes do n't work . Upon calling for assistance I was told that the device I purchased does not receive Tecnical Support .
 Although this remote touts itself as `` guaranteed to work with all brands , '' it does not work with the bargain Element TV I purchased at Circuit City . It was a total waste of my money . I went online to find codes and could not , including at the maker 's web site . Too bad , because the design was pretty close to right for my remote-challenged wife .
 I had previously purchased one of these and had no problems . This transaction I bought 4 and not one of them works correctly , ie
 I bought this specifically to work with my Coby DVD player I bought on Amazon . Well , it does n't . The manufactuer says it 's guaranteed to work with all Brands , but that they ca n't help it if it does n't work with my DVD player . Of course , I can update to one of their more expensive remotes according to customer service . Basically , I wasted $ 7.00 .
 I could n't get this to work on my parents TV/VCR/DVD combo although the code was there . However , even if I had , there are NO instructions on how to USE the device , ie
 This company USED to have great customer support that made it simple to get their remotes working with your TV . You called , a human answered , a human who spoke English perfectly and knew what she was doing . The codes did n't work with my remote -- no problem , she beamed one to me over the telephone . After that the remote worked perfectly with my ancient TV.So , when I needed a new remote , I bought another one from them.Alas ! They do n't even have their phone number on their Web site anymore or even an email address . There is a form to fill out -- and they claim that they will get in touch with you if you submit it . But that does n't work , either . Every time I tried to submit the form , I got the message that the server was n't responding . I tried for several days.I ca n't call them . I ca n't email them . The form does n't work . The remote does n't work.This is too bad
 After such high hopes , I have been nothing but disappointed in this product . At first I could not get it to work with my small Sylvania TV . I tried not only the five codes given in the book , but all of the codes . I could , however , set up the SONY VCR connected to the TV . After sending an email to the company , I received instructions -LRB- pretty much the same as the book -RRB- to set the remote up . After numerous tries , it worked . However , the remote only works occasionally for the TV , some days off and some days on . It works all the time for the VCR . At least , it was not expensive , but I hate the thought of having to purchase another one and going through the same process again .
 I had high hopes for this from what other had said . Mine arrived and the led light would never come on . Checked to make sure the batteries are in correct -- yes , the outdate 2012 and then tried another set ... no light.The list of TV/VCR combos has NO Phillips at all . You have to program these tv 's is a special manner . So it had to be returned . So if you have a Phillips TV/VCR do n't waste your time and money this one is not for you .
 I received the product very promptly from Amazon . Opened it up and put batteries in it . Nothing . It never worked . I emailed the manufacturer . No response . I am was very disappointed and will think twice about buying something like this online ever again .
 I tried this remote on a VHS/DVD player , and two TVs.I followed directions for programming the codes . None of them worked.The consumer service web site does not admit there is such a model number .
 I purchased the Garwin 76CS , then soon afterward purchased both MapSource ` Bluechart ' and MapSource ` City Navigator ' . The 76CS seems to be in perfect working order , however , once I installed both MapSource programs and unlocked them , either the MapSource programs or my computer will not recognize the GPS unit . I have tried to update the drivers to no end , and I am still having no luck . I have spent around 4 hours on the phone with someone in Garmin 's technical department ; this has not solved my problem.If anyone has had a simular problem with getting MapSource to recognize the GPS 76CS unit , -LSB- ... -RSB- Thanks.KA
 The unit itself is a little bulky but the larger issue is the maps . The unlocking process is just brutal . Its not worth the aggravation . Stay away . And just so you know , I 'm an IT professional and this is the most difficult product I think I ever worked with .
 I purchased this set of cases at the Apple store when I got my iPod 60gb w / Video , because it was the only thing they had at the time . Unfortunately , I am going to have to return it . Talk about a terribly-designed product!Each case comes with these clear hard-shell screen protectors , and the rubberized `` skin '' is supposed to fit around it and hold it in place . However , at the top of the screen , the `` skin '' does n't hold tight to the iPod - it curls up and away from the screen . So you end up with this little opening ... which is not only unsightly -LRB- especially on the well-designed iPod -RRB- , but is also a perfect place for dust & grime to get stuck.I tried all three cases , and tried putting them on , massaging them into place , even tried it without the screen protectors . I did this for over an hour , until I simply gave up . What amazes me is that this product is designed for one thing , and one thing only ... and it ca n't even get that one thing right . I 'd give this zero stars , if I could . Unless you want a defective product , I 'd steer clear of these cases . I 'm even more surprised at Apple for selling the things in their retail stores . For shame !
 it fits but it 's a little bigger than the ipod.It supposed to be tight but it 's not . . do n't buy from here ... i waste 40 dollars including shipping ...
 I bought this product from amazon , even after reading these reviews , because ipodlounge gave it very high marks . But I had the same problem , it does n't fit quite right , and curls up away from the screen at the top , plus has a gap in the back that 's not necessary . Luckily I also purchased the Contour Design Showcase hardshell case for my new ipod , and love that one . So at least one of my cases worked out !
 The sound is good , when you listen to the radio.The sound is good , when you listen to your MP3 player through this machine.The sound is NOT-SO-GOOD when you listen to a CD . You can ` hear ' the CD player when it plays your CD 's . You can hear the machinery of the CD player itself . If you turn down the volume , I could hear a high pitch sound coming from the player . You can hear the CD playing BUT you can also hear this `` sound '' too . NOT GOOD . I tried two times ... I returned the origianl player and got a new one ... same problem.Byer beware !!
 Pretty good product . The shipping came really fast . It 's a nice stereo for the price that it is offered at .
 When the unit is working , it is a 4-5 star unit . I received my first 2620 for Mother 's Day 2 years ago . I live in Fl and have traveled all over FL , Hawaii , Alaska , NY , Canada , Washington , PA , and most of the east coast states . There were road updates and many points of interest that were out of date but overall this system , we named Betty , has been a life saver . Before the warranty expired in the first year , `` Betty '' would continue to recycle the boot up screen.Garmin customer service was great . They stated that this had been a known problem in some units and replaced her free of charge . They even transferred all the way points . Within another year , the second unit is now having the same problem . Garmin has offered the option to fix/replace the second unit for $ 150.00 and a 3 month warrenty.I plan on doing more homework into other GPS models to ensure I will be able to get more than a year use of them before I spend another dollar .
 I was very disappointed with the Garmin StreetPilot 2620 . It kept trying to find its way home to Hong Kong -LRB- 7343 miles to destination -RRB- . It also did n't follow my commands to program it otherwise . It sounded like this would be an excellent unit , but evidently lack of quality control is a problem at Garmin . I returned the unit to Amazon and they were very efficient in crediting my account .
 The first time that I experienced the car navigation system was when I rented a car from Hertz . Their Never Lost uses the Magellan brand . This Magellan unit literally bailed me out many times from the complicated Los Angles streets and highways . I was so impressed with this Unit and decided to buy one myself.As every savvy shopper , I came to this site and read every review about Magellan Roadmap 700 as well as Garmin StreetPilot 2620 . There are quite a few negative comments about Roadmap while every feedback about StreetPilot is positive . One review even compared the StreetPilot favorably with Hertz Never Lost . Other people 's opinions overwhelmed my direct experience and shattered my confidence on RoadMap 700 . I purchased StreetPilot 2620 instead . I took this unit with me for a recent trip to Chicago from Michigan . My experience so far on StreetPilot is not pleasant .1 . The menu options in StreetPilot are not nearly as intuitive as in RoadMap . I read the full manual of StreetPilot . I am still often confused with the options . In contrast , I took full control of Roadmap just by playing with it without reading the manual and it was my first time to play with Navigation system .2 . It takes about 2 minutes for StreetPilot to find the GPS signal whenever car is started up . The signal gets lost way too often even on I-94 and in Chicago . I have never experienced with the signal loss in RoadMap while I was in California . It may be related to external antenna that came with the rental car .3 . StreetPilot gave wrong information . It showed a rest area on I-94 that does not exist at all . I was looking for a Speedway gas station off I-94 in Indiana . It led me a wrong gas station .4 . The instruction from StreetPilot is not nearly as clear as RoadMap . After it led me to a wrong gas station off I-94 . I was totally lost . However , instead of giving me direction on making left or right turn , it asked me to drive east . If I am good at directions and I know which direction to drive , I would not spend more than $ 1000 on this gadget at all . In contrast , RoadMap tells me exactly where and how to make turns , right or left instead of east or west . It even gives you a pleasant `` ding-dong '' sound right at where you should make turns , The good thing about StreetPilot :1 . With a Sandbag mount , this unit can sit on your dashboard pretty sturdily . You can easily take this unit in and out of your car .2 . The 120 V converter allows you to set up a complicated route in house before your trip .
 I ordered this product on 10/26 and this is still not shipped . And I have no way to communicate with Amazon about this order.Posting my grieviance here hoping some one working at Amazon will take care of this.Order #
 The Garmin 2620 promisses to be a door to door navigation system that is simple to use and accurate . While the GPS is fairly simple to use , it has many short comings . If you try to find a address and the street number is not in it 's data base , it will not find the street . When you are following a route and you get off route , the GPS may `` crash '' lose all route information due to a route recalculation error . If you get far off route it 's best to do a manual route recalculation because automatic recalculation will attempt to put you back on route as close to point of going off route as possible . You do n't have the option to turn automatic route recalculations on or off . You can save waypoints but you are limited to 10 letter naming . There is no distintion between waypoints and stops so it does n't show stops along routes . Information showing highway exits , services , and POI 's are old and not up to date . Customer support is very weak , email 's take days to answer and phone calls will keep you waiting for maybe an hour . You 'll be better off buying a $ 700.00 - $ 800.00 notebook and putting Rand McNally or Delorme gps mapping software on it . At least you can use it for other things . $ 1299.00 for the Garmin 2620 is , in my judgement , way over priced . If you want a small touch screen GPS then look at the Tom Tom GO .
 This was a piece of crap , someone 's throw away . Could not be configured via computor and Garmin 's connection program , not even able to make connection to a computor , which indicates that the hard drive was disabled , Also the map that was installed was not for North America , I would not recommend dealing with this seller again , because I am sure that they were aware of the condition of the unit and deliberately did n't identify the defects , also the power cable was defective .
 The Garmin 2620 works well , but car adapter is broken after 11 months . Car adapters for 2610 , 2620 , 2720 , etc have the same problems
 This was a great system for about a year or so , when it worked . The problems started occuring one by one after about a year . - The remote control stopped working first - In about 2-3 months after that , the unit stopped being able to read the maps completely.I tried to contact their customer service department and they were helpful in replacing my remote control . However to get the dang unit to work again , I would have to pay them about $ 300 -LRB- not to mention the original charge of $ 1,000 + for the unit -RRB- . I would not recommend this specific product -LRB- Garmin 2620 -RRB- .
 After just a mere year of owning my Garmin 2620 and probably less than 20 effective uses of it I am completely dissapointed on it 's reliability , paid over 800 USD for it in Amazon when it was their latest model , took care of it like any other electronic device -LRB- did n't drop it or splash it with liquid -RRB- , one day while using it the screen went completely blue , did everything mentioned on the users manual , garmin 's knowledge base and even contacted their customer service trying to get my gadget back to operational life , after doing everything mentioned without success I was suggested by their customer service dept. to send it back for a check up , got a list of their closest service centers and decided to go to Best Buy , just 50 USD for opening it without any further guarantee that it would be back to life , pretty much 50 for getting my gadget in a carboard box with the store 's logo on it and so my 2620 went back to Garmin and worse came to worst when I was told it would cost 400 USD to fix it eventhough I registered it on the very first day I bought it , but being asked 50 % of the price I paid for it to get it fixed , where 's that commonsense ? do n't get me wrong their customer service is superb they respond very quickly to all your emails but for this kind of news I 'd rather have a dependable piece of equipment than a second to none service dept. A new GPS goes for less than what I was told it would fix my 2620 and it is just a mere two years old ... As for me I think I 'll go old fashion and buy me a paper map like I used to in the old days , but If you 're serious about buying a GPS do yourself a favor go for Magellan , Tom Tom or any other brand but Garmin ? no thanks what a rip off ! Good Luck .
 the unit which i recieved is not working at all .
 i really want to give this guy high marks . i did alot of research before i bought it for my husband for christmas , and the reviews looked very good . my experience has not been so good . when it works , it works great . has easy to read screen , clear voice commands , simple navigaion features ... unfortunatly , it has failed to work often , and trying to get garmin customer service help is next to impossible .1 st problem . it would not accept personal POI 's . when i tried to get technical support via internet , they never answered my email -LRB- 21 days and still no response -RRB- , when i tried to phone i was on hold 24 minutes and was then disconnected when i got a human -LRB- yep , some cussing going on then -RRB- . still can not add POI 's .2 nd problem . the 12 volt cord does not seat well into the unit , so if there is a bump in the road ... the unit disconnects and has to be turned on manually again , and find satellite reception again . an ongoing annoying problem . i am not sure if this is a problem common to this unit , or if my unit is defective . i intend to ask garmin when i eventaully get customer service .3 rd problem . the unit stopped working totally . well , i should say , it no longer gets satellite reception . i have tried to get ahold of garmin . sent them another 3 emails ... still no reply . called their customer support number -LRB- toll free number rings busy over and over -RRB- so called their non-toll free number . on hold 36 minutes . was told it was a busy day and could they call me back . left message -LRB- 5 days agao -RRB- no call back . called back again 3 days ago . on hold 30 minutes . finally got ahold of a human -LRB- not in the customer service department so she could not help me -RRB- she transfered me to the supervisor ... who allowed me to leave a voice mail . still nothing to date ... so the moral to this review
 I first reviewed this before I had downloaded the updated software , which is why it only got 2 stars . Since the update , I have absolutely no complaints about this unit . Its directions are spot on . When it has to recalculate -LRB- because I take a wrong turn or decide to take a different route -RRB- it comes up with a revised route very quickly . In the backwoods of British Columbia it even knew about any number of obscure dirt roads.I have used this in Pittsburgh , Boston , Washington -LRB- DC -RRB- , Seattle , Vancouver , Toronto and many points in between . It has found 99.99 % of the addresses I have needed . When I have n't had the exact address I have been able to get sufficiently close using the `` find intersection '' function.Because I am an electronic gadget freak , I had to get the 2820 when it came out . While the 2620 does not have the advanced features of the 2820 -LRB- bluetooth , traffic alerts , hands free phone , 3D display -RRB- , the direction finding ability is every bit as good . So good , in fact , that I am sorry that I layed out the money for the 2820 since I am unlikely to use the extra abilities.If you can get a 2620 at a reduced price , I recommend that you do so . It will get you where you are going everytime .
 Unable to find if this GPS is any good , since first unit started rebooting after 1 1/2 hours , then the replacement unit I received a week later began rebooting when first turned on.According to Amazon , `` the problem with this item is more widespread than we originally thought , we are not able to send another replacement . '' Interesting , while the 2620 is still offered for sale .
 I bought this to protect my ipod nano . What a dissappointment . The case fits fine , but the problem is you ca n't plug anything into your ipod with the case on . I tried both my earbuds and my idog and I could n't hear through either one . The case does not allow enough room for the cord to plug in properly .
 I bought this for my i-pod nano generation II and it did n't fit like it said it would .
 It wo n't respond to the remote . -LRB- I know the remote is working , because it controls my other Sony DVD player -RRB- Furthermore , the front panel display works only intermittently.I will now see how good the seller is about taking it back and giving me a full refund . -LRB- I just went to Walmart and got an NS57p for the same price . -RRB- I 'll post on how helpful they are . If they make it easy for me to send back for a full refund , I 'll give the seller a top rating . Otherwise ...
 I only got 2 years out of this player . It still plays retail DVD 's but playing DVD+R and DVD-R discs is a nightmare . It either does n't recognize the discs or its a garbled mess on the screen . I also could n't fast-forward or reverse anymore . It looks like the laser is going bad . It is just a matter of time before it wo n't play retail DVD 's anymore . I guess Sony makes their players disposable to last only a few years . They want to keep you coming back so they can get more of your $ $ $ . If you are looking to buy this I would avoid it and try another model .
 Bought this DVD player ; it arrived defective - a loud buzzing on the audio channels . Sony tech support confirmed it 's a defect , sent it back . Amazon was great , shipped a replacement immediately . The second one had the same defect . We unplugged a player from another room - no buzzing . What are the odds of it happening twice ? Not high ... unless it 's a defect in the design or manufacturing line . My real problem is with Sony - they offered to replace , but would n't promise new -LRB- it may be refurbished -RRB- and would n't offer expidited shipping even on the second defective unit - weeks of waiting . So much for their commitment to quality ! I returned # 2 to Amazon and bought Toshiba . Works great .
 I purchased this unit from Best Buy and it has a bad hum on the Red channel out . The replacement was no better . I 've found two other articles on the web from guys with the same issue ? Today I 'm trying a different brand .
 I enjoyed this player for a little longer than a year , and then it stopped working . It spins ok , but says `` No Disc '' . Seems like the laser burned out . This appears to be a common a problem with these Sony units .
 The DVD player I ordered was apparently damaged in the factory . When I opened the box , the DVD drive door had been snapped off and the drive was inoperable . I had to return it at my own expense , and was out $ 20.00 . So I went and bought a Toshiba instead .
 I bought the DVPNS50P , which is a similar , if not the same , player . It worked well enough , until it stopped working , about two months after I bought it . Of course I bought the Sony , rather than a cheaper off-brand , thinking the thing frizting in two months would be less likely.So , what I 'm writing about is the customer service
 Our disappointment in this product is based primarily on the zoom feature . When you zoom in/enlarge a picture , the size icon -LRB- +2 , etc. -RRB- remains on the screen . We wanted to use this player on a small tv in the exercise room , and when you view letterboxed movies , it helps to be able to zoom in once or twice . None of the other DVD players we have owned have done this . It 's hard to understand what sony was thinking when they created this feature .
 Missed out on a sale because there are no dimensions . I already have DVD player that is too big for cabinet - doors wo n't close .
 I have received two 512Mb sticks instead of 1 Gb stick.Buyers be warned you may receive something that you do n't ask forMy laptop only have 2 slots and I ordered 2 of this items so I received 4 512Mb sticks , this is useless to me.I ordered directly from Amazon , other stores may ship the right item .
 I also ordered this item but received the 512MB version rather than the 1GB version . My order was directly from Amazon . I returned it and promptly received a replacement - again 512MB not 1GB . So I sent that back , although to this point I have not received a replacement , a refund , or an explanation . I see that Amazon no longer stocks this item , as it is being sold through other vendors . I suspect that the inventory number was wrong at Amazon or something like that and they did not actually have this item in stock . Whatever .
 i received a 500mb RAM instead of 1gb . i do not recommend the product since its a hassle for the customer to change it .
 I read a review here , saying that 512MB RAM was shipped instead of 1GB . At first I thought this was just an accident , but the same thing happened to me and I received a 512MB RAM instead of the 1GB . Strangely , the sticker they put on the back of the package said 1GB , while the package itself -LRB- and the chip -RRB- says 512MB ... A waste of time and effort . I doubt I buy from amazon anytime soon again ...
 I have received twice a 512Mb memory instead of the 1Gb memory that is advertised , be carefull .
 No Stars - I ordered this product on November 29,2008 . Wrong item was shipped - like one other reviewer - I received 512 instead of the 1GB . I wanted correct item shipped and was told this item is no longer available . Why is it still posted on this site ? The first time Amazon has disappointed me . Now with less than 2 weeks before Christmas I have to start over and find memory for son 's laptop for Christmas .
 Price was too good to be true . Memory was very unstable , if my laptop was lucky enough to boot , it would crash within five minutes . Sent both 1 gig sticks back for refund . Definitely would not recommend this product .
 I ordered and paid for 2 of this item and only received one of them .
 I tried to install this RAM in my Inspiron 5100 and no Dice . Did some checking and it looks like the laptop will only accept single sided RAM . This RAM being double sided cause the laptop to not boot and just flash the lights by the power button 9 times . The package says it 's tested to be 100 % compliant so I 'm not sure what they tested it on . Be sure to check and make sure you 're laptop can accept double sided RAM .
 This DVD player played movies fine until it stopped recognizing any DVD after only 7 months . Magnavox said to buy a DVD lens cleaner -LRB- $ 15 -RRB- which did n't work , then said that their warranty was only for 90 days so offered a ` discounted ' replacement at the exact price I bought it for . For their defective product they wanted me to pay more in support than the original purchase after only 7 months . No thanks , I 'll avoid Magnavox in the future .
 Unit # 1 functioned briefly , returned for replacement . Amazon service excellent.Unit # 2 . . functioned 4 months then deteriorated in both VHS and DVD circuits . Repeatedly tried on-line service with Panasonic with no response . Provided S/N a number of times ; Panasonic continued to re-request it . Tried phone service . . NEVER - got to a human voice . Waits 45 '' . Located Panasonic service in Charlotte ; returned unit twice before successful operation . They claim bad quality parts from Panasonic . Basic problem
 I have had this unit for approximately a year now . For the first 6 mnths it worked fine . After that time period we would be watching a dvd movie and half way through the picture will go black , but you could still here the sound . If we rebooted the system , and jump scenes to where the trouble began , it would generally resume and work fine . Over the past couple of months this occurs 3 to 4 times each movie . When we finally get too frustrated and take the same disk to the back of the house and put it in our cheapo GE player ... it plays fine . I would not waste my money on this product .
 After reading an earlier review of this machine , I had to write . I had the EXACT SAME PROBLEM . I 've burned about 60 DVDs and for those DVDs that have not been completed -LRB- finalized -RRB- at least one-third end up being DESTROYED by the machine !! I 've lost episodes of TV series , my home movies that I converted -LRB- luckily I have saved the original tapes -RRB- , and priceless events that I wanted to record -LRB- like the Olympics -RRB- . It is VERY frustrating to spend HOURS on recording the DVDs and then go to finalize them -LRB- burn them so they can be played in other machines -RRB- and have ERROR pop up or UNREADABLE or CA N'T BE PLAYED . I wrote to Panasonic to see what the problem might be and all I got was a computer response as to where I could buy accessories.This is very disappointing for a company like Panasonic . They clearly have a bug in certain of these machines and their poor customer service is genuinely disappointing .
 I am utterly disgusted with this product and with Panasonic 's `` customer service '' . I bought this unit to copy home movies from VHS to DVD and also to record shows on DVD-RAM and do away with VHS tape . Not to pirate . However , I seem to be caught in someone 's paranoid piracy fantasy because the DVD 's I 've dubbed from VHS will only work on this unit . I have 3 other DVD players on TV 's here as well as on every PC in my home -LRB- 5 -RRB- . DVD 's created with this system do n't work on any of them . I 've also tried them on about half a dozen PC 's at work - again , no success.To add insult to injury , Panasonic has not responded to my email queries about this product . It 's possible I 'm doing something wrong , but I 've been through the manual so many times now I could probably write it from memory so I do n't think that 's the case.My advice
 This is my 3rd Panasonic vhs/dvd combo and I will never buy another Panasonic product again.I 'm sooo done ! Like all previous combs they last about a yr.-yr .1 / 2 then quit . Same pattern every time . Starts with finalizing problems which includes loss of recorded programs , progresses to abrupt stoppage of disc recording and playing , to weird noises culminating in a failure to read discs ... of ANY kind . . FOREVER ! Oh they 're easy to use , record and play great when working but they 're just not durable or reliable . Panasonic customer service is a joke . `` Shut the unit down and restart it '' What ? If you are considering Panasonic combos BUYER BEWARE !!!
 Be aware that if you wish to dub a VHS tape to DVD , unless the tape was originally recorded by the Panasonic unit , YOU WILL EXPERIENCE FLUTTER/EXTREME TRACKING PROBLEMS !! 90 % of my DVD 's look like crap because the VCR in this unit is cheaply produced and trying to resolve tracking problems only results in frustration . So , if you like to watch your DVD 's flutter , go ahead and spend $ 400 + on this Panasonic trash .
 After having owned this for just over a year , the unit rejects nearly 3 quarters of all my Dvd discs due to the proverbial ` can not read disc ' error . I tried recording several vhs tapes to various dvd media without any success . This may simply be an isolated problem , but nonetheless , my previous combos -LRB- other than panasonic -RRB- lasted years longer , under rigorous use . I 'm currently shopping for a new brand because it wouldbe cheaper than repair . Fair or not , I can not recommend panasonic . . in fact , I 'll actually enjoy tossing this one .
 the item is a very good item . I own three of them . this product that was ship to me was broken . The VHS part did not work and it was in terrible condition .
 I previously rated this player as 5 star . After 2 years , Ive dropped it down to 2 . 6 months ago , the DVD player portion stopped working , it simply would n't play . After numerous calls I sent it off to panasonic for repairs , $ 130 and took 4 weeks . The until worked for about 5 months , then the eject button on the dvd player stopped working . Cant get it to open no matter what , so essentially it is now a $ 500 hard drive/VHS . Panasonic only has a 30 day warranty on repairs , which is ridiculous as Im sure they are using refurbished parts anyways . Not sure what to do now , as this think will have cost me $ 800 in the end if I repair it again . This machine has everything you need in one , but what good is it it wont work after 2 years . Look elsewhere .
 This could be an interesting unit if it worked.The original unit power button , VCR eject button , and remote sensor on the unit did not work . The replacement unit could not read any DVD -LRB- regular movie DVDs -RRB- or DVD-RAM , although it did manage to go through the setup and play VCRs.The mulfunctions were verified by Panasonic customer service . There is nothing to do but return both units to Amazon.Probably rushing to market too fast.Unfortunately , my recommendation is to stay away from this model until Panasonic gets it right.Amazon customer service was pretty good though .
 This panasonic DMR-E75S is a nice item , but beware it may only last for about a year before it turns out to be a surprise package and the owner 's manual booklet can be better too . I also must alert you that the customer care center by phone sucks just like a straw , nothing like a recording telling you that the waiting time for your call to get answer is about 55 minutes and will be answer in the order it came in and all that BS . Give it a year or so then it becomes a surprise package .
 I bought this and loved it for the price , I loved the Sirius service . I bought it for a road trip . On the third day of my trip , the receiver was crackling and my dashboard lights and dials started to go haywire , along with my cruise control . I pulled over to a rest area and then my car would n't start . I unplugged the receiver and then my car started and ran fine . I plugged in later when I was home and my airbag light and brake light went on . I called JVC and they did n't have any answers for me and then I returned it to best buy and am waiting for a refund minus a restocking fee . My other electronics work fine on my cigarette lighter , my phone and ipod . I do n't know what the problem was .
 This rig , along with t 's home docking station , has to be the most single worst item I have ever purchachd here at Amazon.com.It only ran for one hour , and litteraly exploded . There is NO way I am paying for this .
 It went dead after only three months . The number I called for warranty repair/replacement kept redirecting me to repair centers all over the country.Finally , I got an answer -- mail it to service center somewhere in Illinois -LRB- I pay the postage -RRB- , and it will take four to six weeks to get a new receiver . Which means you will have to pay to have the new one activated , not knowing if it will fail in three months AGAIN , and ... Anyway , you get the picture . Just trust me -- do n't buy it .
 Easy to use , but the signal keeps dropping out unexpectedly in both home/car use . If the unit is turned off and then turned on again , the signal often comes back for a few minutes . I will be looking into higher-end products .
 Being that XP support is going a way , this software seems like it would be a bit of a waste at this point . I picked it up for a newbie . I tested it and it ran flaky . So , it was never used . Based on the cost , a return was n't worth bothering over . Looking back , a waste of money .
 Nowhere in the description of this item did it state that the temperature sensor would not work with all Humminbird fishfinder models listed . Very misleading ! I do not fault the transducer ... I fault the seller , Red 's Gear . But you have my money now , and I guess that 's all that matters . Never again !!!!
 After several hours installing it on my boat , I took it out for a test run . It did not accurately give me a depth reading . I had to return it to manufacturer for replacement . Good customer service at manufacturer .
 I purchased one of the very first 997C units . I waited six months for the release . I have also purchased two of the Cannon Mag20 DT 's that can be controlled by the 997C . The head unit has been back to the factory twice and both of the Mag20 DT 's have been back to the factory . I have had to take the boat apart twice to install a new transducer and then to install a new connecting cable between the two Mag20 's . All of this has taken over a year . The last component that the factory had me replace was the CannonLink . The system still does not work and the factory is stumped . I have been waiting over three weeks for them to get back to me with what they want to try next.I do believe that if everything worked it would be a great fishing package , but with all of the frustrations I have experienced I am about ready to junk the system and try something else.PS . I have over $ 4,000 invested in this system .
 this product was suppose to be black but was silver and the intensity of the light is not good or may be too bad ... waste of 5 $
 The sound performance out of this system is pretty good . Like you 'd expect , there are no mids but the subwoofer is excellent and the system runs relatively efficently . Excellent for PC use when matched with an appropriate sound card.However , there is a cronic problem with this system . The internal components have no air flow what so ever and the system will blow varistors and mosfets , which is cheap to repair if you 're an electrician but Creative will charge in excess of $ 300 to do so . This affects ALL systems . Do n't take my word on it , google the problem for yourself.Thus , I can not recommend these speakers to anyone .
 Total waste of money , unless the only thing you want to do with this system is connect it to another Creative Labs product , like one of their PC cards . This system can not be connected with anything else , be warned .
 I order online from there company . They send me broken box . I want to return but they say if you return they will charge you for the money.I pay for 500 dollars for this ? then i go home i use that speaker . the website say it can connect to muvo mp3 player . I try but it not work.They send me problem speaker !!!
 I bought this thinking it would work as a zip drive and plug into my Mac . No such luck . Sony has decided to ignore Mac users . At least the FM radio is nice .
 This item , along with it 's radio designed for it , is singlhandedly the worst item I ever bought from Amazon . It worked for only an hour , and litterally blew up .
 I 've owned this scanner for about two years . I bought it because it also offered a document feeder for photos and business cards , as well as negative and slide capabilities . The document feeder sporadically works and jams often -- not worth the effort.Also , the software provided was on a CD and works ONLY with Windows XP . While Epson provides updated software , another five companies also provided software for the scanner . One , Smart Panel , is almost critical to the scanner . Unfortunately , Epson does n't support the software and refers the customer to another software company -LRB- Newsoft -RRB- . I 'd recommend going with another company that offers better support for their product .
 This scanner is fast and scans well when it works . Problem is I have to reinstall the drivers every time I use it . However , the last time I went to use it even installing the drivers would n't start it . Real frustrating .
 The manufacturer claims this product will install on Windows 2000 . Eventually it will , however the installation software failsto notice that a file it attempts to copy to is in a ` Read only ' state . This causes the setup process to fail with a nearly useless error message.In addition , if you attempt to register the product online the response to the Internet dial up is
 Had it for two days of misery .1 st s/ware CD did n't work , called Epson on MY DIME !! 5-7 days to get one , took 3 hrs to install the 2nd one.Listen Up
 The unit I received appeared to have a defective CCD imaging system . The scan quality was pretty good , but every scan had 2 vertical red lines that went from top to bottom . Could n't get rid of it no matter what I tried . Unfortunately , have to return to Amazon . Will probably try a different Epson model scanner next time around .
 The Epson Perfection 2480 was my third attempt at finding a perfect scanner for my needs . I 'm trying to convert all of my childhood , my wife 's childhood , and my other family pictures to digital for archiving and family distribution . Some of these pictures are in 35mm color negative , some in positive slides , some in some small format negative , and some in old photos . This scanner only allows you to scan three 35mm negatives per pass , so scanning negatives was tedious and time consuming . Plus the firmware on the scanner was set so that for every image pass the scanner moved back to the stop position before it would move on to the next image , rather than begining where the other ended . So for three negatives it would make six large moves , which seems like excessive wear and may make the life shorter . The software worked great , but in the end I returned this item for the Epson 4180 , for the extra $ 90 you get 12 negatives per pass and it seems to be twice as fast . Worth the extra money if you have boxes to scan like I do !
 Epson was clearly going for features over quality with this scanner . You do n't need to get out a ruler to notice that the images produced are distored . Vertical , horizontal , and diagonal lines are all wobbly . On my unit the right inch of the image is noticeably darker than the rest of the image . Colors are inconsistent to , with the center being bluer and the sides begin greener.Yes , this is only $ 100 , so I was n't expecting `` Perfection '' , but I was expecting distortions and problems to be limited to things I 'd have to measure or see only under magnification . With this scanner , just scanning an invoice shows up the problems without even trying to look for them.The packaged OCR software worked great the one time I tried it and I could see using this scanner for OCR and in place of a Fax scanner , but if you care about image quality at all , this is not the scanner for you .
 It 's been many years since I 've worked with such an unreliable peice of hardware . Of the 10 times I 've tried to use it , it has only functioned properly once . Changing cables , restarting scanner , restaring computer , re-installing software ... . nothing . When you really need it to work and it consistently fails leaves you 're left feeling very frustrated . Do yourself a favor and pay the extra money to get a scanner that will be reliable . This scanner is n't .
 I 've had this unit for about 5 years . The sound it produces is really good . This is the second Alpine radio I have had in a vehicle . However , I wo n't ever buy an Alpine again ! The iPod adapter wo n't charge without adding an extra adapter that does n't work very well . The face plate does n't fit well either . When I 'm just press the buttons to operate the device , the face plate will turn off . All the lights and buttons cease to work . Then I have to push on it at different angles until it starts to work . I 've tried cleaning the contacts on the back of the face plate with alcohol , but that did n't help . The face plate issue is a common problem . I 've asked at a couple of radio install shops and they say that it happens a lot . Avoid this radio !
 the speaker wire come very fast . However it does n't come with the connector . I called the Amazon support , they send me another set of speaker wire , it still did n't come with the connector . You have not other choice either return the entire order or take the order without connector .
 I bought this unit 9 months ago . From Day 1 , the clock ran fast , which meant that unless I remembered to reset the time every single day , I 'd lose the last few minutes of my recorded program.DVD 's -- both my recorded programs and rented movies -- often glitch or freeze . Sometimes several minutes of a program are jumped over , and even if I rewind , I ca n't get those segments to play . This always happens at the end of a recorded program.The remote control works sporadically and erratically . It 's a major pain to set a program -LRB- or the clock , or anything else -RRB- because the remote either does n't work at all , or skips randomly through the menu.I called customer service and offered to take the machine in -LRB- they 're located about 30 miles from here . -RRB- Customer service said they charge $ 80 just to LOOK at the machine , and labor would be extra . It 's still under warrantee , but only parts are paid for . I originally paid $ 120 after rebates for this item , so a repair bill in excess of that amount seems kind of counterproductive.For almost 3 months now , the machine is running HOT . I set it up on stilts to let air move around the machine , but the underside is so hot I 'm afraid it will burst into flames any day now . The machine also screeches like a dying dragon when I turn it on.I 'm just waiting for the big bang . I keep the fire extinguisher close at hand .
 I bought this item with a mail in rebate making it cost about $ 79 bucks last December . Hooked it up around March and did n't start using it til almost Summer . Mid Summer , viewing anything with this product on my tv was getting annoying with the fact it was doing some weird fade in and outs just being `` on '' . . So one day mid Summer . . With the unit being off for two days , I touched the top of it and it was BURNING hot even though it was OFF . It would n't turn on -LRB- and I had had problems in the spring with it being plugged in but would n't turn on -RRB- ... So I took the top off and the power supply burned out . . I called & emailed Apex several times only to have them say I have to pay for shipping and labor to fix a problem that is clearly their fault on a brand new unit ! I think this calls for a class action suit !!!!
 First all I wish I would have read some of these reviews after receiving the DRX9200 as a gift . Anyway from the start the machine displayed issues , for instance ... it is always freaking hot ; I mean burn your hand hot . After it is plugged in for a week or so it fails to turn on . It does seem to work once it cools off , but after a week , forget it . Playback of DVDs at first was fine , but soon after a month or so some disks were not recognized and it started making loud fan noises . I did not use the recording feature for the first few months , and then when I tried it skipped often and only recorded about half the show I was trying to record . I decided to call customer service and was told of the reset procedure and to clean the lens . Once powered down it seemed to recover though it 's very temporary . Another call to customer service led me to where I am today . I have to spend 80.00 to have it repaired under the parts only portion of the warranty . I would NOTTTTT recommend this unit to anyone . If I could have rated it in negative stars I would have . There is nothing good about this unit except for maybe a paper weight or maybe a tray to hold up my dog 's bowl ... if it would work as a boat anchor I would gladly throw it into the water , but with the quality Apex has I would probably be putting my boat into jeopardy .
 First I had a Phillips DVD Recorder , and when that was n't working I broke down and got the APEX DVD Recorder . Well , no luck again ! I am very disappointed in this . It is very hard to navigate around , you have to turn the channel so many times to get on the right source , the menu is ungly and complicated , the remote control barely works unless you are right underneath it , and you ca n't change from AM to PM when setting the clock or scheduling a record . I do n't recommend this product and would rate it a 1 star . I 'm going to try Panasonic or Sony next .
 Apex Digital products often fail within the first year . They have horrible customer service , false advertising , and fail to honor their warranties . They do not care about the consumer and based on my past 1.5 years of experience there is virtually nothing we can do about it but stop buying their products.Please check www.labbb.gov -LRB- Better Business Bureau -RRB- and search for Apex Digital to see the F rating the better business bureau has given them . Saving 10-15 dollars is not worth the hassle they cause .
 I 've just spent hours and hours with the lousy tech support at Apex to discover : A - It runs too hot , I 'm afraid of a fire ! They say it 's normal.B - The remote usually wo n't operate the controls . They say check the batteries - Duh!C - If you record a DVD in HQ format , it will only record 1hr MAX , and then the disc Can not be finalized -LRB- meaning you can not replay the new recording on any other player than the apex -RRB- . They say this is normal too . What ?!! Joshua , a Manager at Apex , just told me the DRX9200 is working just as it should and he will not refund/or exchange the unit . I told him that if I had known that I ca n't replay a DVD anyplace other than the Apex , I never would have bought it . He told me `` Well , we never said that you should be able to . `` What despicable business practices . I 've logged a complaint with the Los Angeles Better Business Bureau -LRB- www.labbb.org -RRB- .
 I bought a similar `` value '' Apex DVD players from Amazon a while back . The thing had an annoying hum at times , but worked ... at first . After two months it would n't play DVDs longer than maybe 90 minutes . I tried calling their service line - no one answered the phone . I went to their Website and wrote to their service e-mail address - I received no response , ever.My guess is they figure -LRB- rightly -RRB- that no one is going to go to a lot of legal trouble over a device that costs less than $ 100 . There are other companies that make low-end DVD players and other equipment - patronize one of them instead of Apex .
 I bought an Apex DVD player 2 months ago . And yesterday , it broke down - the colors were all distorted in the output . So , I call tech support , which was reasonably fast in answering my call . Told them about the problem and they asked me to send it back - they have a SHORT 3 month warranty - to add to this , the Customer Service Rep said that the warranty does not cover `` service charges '' for repair and I had to argue with him until he agreed that it was covered . Next , it says clearly in the APEX LIMITED WARRANTY that the buyer pays for shipping to APEX but APEX pays for shipping back to the customer . They tried to give me an `` internal policy '' saying that customer pays both ways shipping . I told them that , as it says at the bottom of the warranty , the warranty gives the customer certain legal rights . So , they should n't claim any false information in such an important document and not follow what they are claiming . They claimed it was a `` misprint '' . BOTTOM LINE
 While the Apex DRX-9200 is a better-quality product than its predecessor -LRB- which has been discontinued -RRB- , it still feels low-quality when compared to Panasonic DVD recorders . It also does * not * work with DVD-R or DVD-RW , but only the `` plus '' format . I think it looks a bit ugly and is a bit on the heavy side.But the main problem is the future of Apex Digital . According to the New York Times -LRB- 12/28/04 -RRB- , the company owes its Chinese supplier over half a billion dollars in unpaid bills , and its president was arrested by the Chinese police for '' -LSB- ... -RSB- . '' From the recent lack of new products from this company and the horrible customer support it provides to customers , I 'll caution anyone about buying an Apex . Yes this is a bargain , but if yours does n't work a couple months from now , you might not be able to get it fixed . -LRB- But then again , this recorder is only $ 120 after rebate ... -RRB-
 STAY AWAY FROM THIS PIECE OF SH*T !!!! I could not warn you enough not to buy this unit -LRB- drx-9200 -RRB- All I can do is submit some of the correspondence I had with Apex tech support below.I only listed a few of the times I spoke to the Idiots there below to give you a sampling of my Total frustration with this product and their completely useless tech support . -LRB- That is unless you need someone to explain how to turn the power on and put the DVD disk in to play it . -RRB- I only listed up to the # 5 tech support person , but I spoke over the phone for the remaining 10 times -LRB- I AM NOT EXAGGERATING -RRB- for a grand total of 15 Apex support people . This unit has MAJOR problems !!! 1 -RRB- It does NOT have a digital optical output as all the advertising details say . It only has a SPDIF RCA digital output .2 -RRB- The DV/ilink/firewire interface does NOT work .3 -RRB- The menu system is ugly and cumbersome.I returned this unit back to Amazon and bought the LITE-ON LVW-5005 instead . I now have been using the LVW-5005 for two weeks and I would like say ... . HOLY SH*T !!!!! What a difference !!! Everything actually works out of the box !!! Dear tech support person # 5How can my email be incomplete ????? I am sending it back to you one last time !! Please have a senior tech support person contact me !! If you read what I wrote below you would know my problem . So I will repeat it again ... -LRB- No matter what I try , the drx-9200 does not recognize my canon optura 40 via the
 As some other reviewers have noted , this player is plagued by several major problems . A firmware update would probably be able to cure most of them , but there 's no indication that Apex is going to release one.At the time of its release this unit was cheaper than comparable models , but there are now better options for the same or less money.First , the bad news : - A maddening bug in the setup interface makes it impossible to correctly set the unit 's clock to PM , reverting to AM regardless of repeated efforts . This is n't a significant problem for playback and on-demand recording , but makes timed recordings impossible - Lockups are common when recording from the front DV/Firewire input -LRB- and possibly other inputs , but I primarily use Firewire -RRB- . The lockups generally hit at the end of a recording or during the final write process after recording has stopped . Either way , you do n't learn until sitting through the entire record process that the recording has failed and the disc is ruined . You 're then forced to throw away the disc after resetting the unit by unplugging it . I 've now grown used to power cycling the unit between each disc write in the hope of avoiding lockups . - On-screen video quality using the coaxial input is pitiful -LRB- a live DirecTV feed ends up looking like it 's coming in on rabbit ears -RRB- . You definitely do n't want to watch TV with the signal routed through this player all the time . The problem does n't seem to carry over to recordings , though -- just live TV . - The unit makes a surprising amount of noise due to an internal cooling fan . You 'll want to turn the unit off when it 's not in use . It does not automatically power down after a certain amount of time like most DVD players . - The remote is poorly designed -LRB- though the same is true of most AV equipment -RRB- and only works when pointed directly at the unit . I duplicated its functions with a programmable remote early on so this was n't a long-term issue . - The unit is very thin vertically and the mirror finish does n't look bad , but it clashes with our other black components while the bright LEDs on the unit 's small screen are distracting and cheap-looking . Positive Aspects : - When it works , the recording results are adequate . I 've made quite a few DVDs of content from my Tivo and directly from a DV camera . Playback of discs recorded with this unit seems to work fine on most PC and standalone DVD players as long as you select the Finalize process in the menu after recording to disc . Only DVD+R media is supported for recording . - Regular DVD playback works fine and Dolby 5.1 passes through correctly via a coaxial jack . It also supports MP3 CDs and offers minimal on-screen navigation for songs . - The front-panel access to Firewire , S-Video and AV jacks is very handy . - The automatic creation of chapters with thumbnail images works nicely .
 Hooked up the unit and the remote did n't work . Called the toll number in California had to explain in detail what I did to assure that the remote was inoperative plus give all my information . I was then told that I would be contacted within 1 or 2 days with a return authorization number . After 6 days I call back and again had to give all the information and then put on hold . The agent came back and said that they were having a computer problems and they would call me back in 8 days . I tried to get a supervisor to vent my frustration and was put on hold again . After 5 minutes I was told to call back in 30 minutes that no supervisors were available .
 I purchased the product over one year ago . When I received the unit I read the instruction booklet to make certain I understood all functions . The booklet was very poorly written . It must have been written by someone who did not fully understand the English language . Sentence structure was extremely poor and some sections made no sense . Once I figured out all functions , I used the recorder to record some TV shows . It worked fairly well and picture quality was OK . Unfortunately , the unit died after one month and I returned it to the manufacturer . It took appoximately two months to get the replacement which also died after one month . I returned the second unit and it was repaired and returned to me after another two months . Unfortunately , it only worked for six months and then it died . I then put it in the rubbish and purschased a Sony DVD recorder which is wonderful . For those who might be interested in this unit because of price , remember , you get what you pay for .
 Trust me , you 're better off just saving an extra $ 40 to buy the next one up . It 's no surprise this player 's been marked down to the price it 's at . It 's temperamental , does n't do what it 's told , and it has pretty much no editing features . Did I mention that it ca n't be tuned into channels 3 and 4 for an exclusively coaxial tv ? As if that was n't the worse thing ... The night before I returned it , I was about to unplug it from my entertainment center armoire in my bedroom after the doors had been closed for about 5 hours with the power off to the player . I opened the doors , and the player had heated the compartment up like an oven !! I could barely touch THE SIDES of the player , and when I lifted it off , it 'd left a melt mark on my tv . Thank god I returned it before something worse happened.I 'm someone who has a lot of patience for sub-par technology because I can still make it do stuff most often . But please , for the sake of your home and your family , I would advise you NOT to buy this product . I 'm thinking about calling somebody at APEX , but with the bad reviews customer service 's gotten here , I think it would be more effective to tell you , the consumers , so that you 're informed before you decide to buy a DVD recorder .
 You may be attracted to the price of Apex 's DRX 9200 , but you should pass it up . I bought one of these a couple months ago , because of the price . When I opened the box to hook it up , I found at the DRX 9200 does not have a turner , so I had to spend another twenty or so dollars to purchase an RF connector . What a rip ! The picture quality is not that great . The sound quality is extremely weak , and the thing pooped out on after about two months of use . The sound and picture quality of my vcr is much better than is . For now I 'm just gon na stick with the vcr for recording from television , by ditching your vcr for a DRX 9200 you would be downgrading quality wise . Also , I experienced the same problem with the clock as many other people have , were it gains time .
 This is a another in a saga of fried power supply stories that pervade these reviews . I ca n't believe that a product like this could be put on the market . I have to go back and check if the unit itself got a UL sticker . If it did , I ca n't see how that happened . Luckily , I believe , nothing flammable was near the unit when it died , and I was in the room to smell the problem . Even before this , the thing would periodically lose its mind need a power-on reset -LRB- pull the plug -RRB- , and as mentioned in other reviews the clock could n't keep accurate time -LRB- gain 4-6 minutes a week -RRB- . I did n't know 555 's were that high tech .
 If you want to throw money down the drain , it 's simple - you buy this product . I made the mistake of purchasing this without reading past the first spotlight review . Seemed like a good deal , but after I had to buy an RF modulator because I have an older tv and then having to purchase an S-video cable , and the darn thing still did n't receive a cable signal ... I was now an additional $ 40 in the hole . And that 's not counting what it costs just to ship the thing back to the losers at Discountjungle . Do n't waste your money ... pay more for a better brand ... it will pay off in the long run .
 This unit was purchased as a present for me and has n't worked since I received it . All I get are error messages . It wo n't play or record ANYTHING . I called apex several times regarding their 90 manufacturer 's warranty only to be told it was invalid because `` amazon.com is not an authorized dealer . '' An amazon.com rep had to call them directly to persuade them to honor their own 90 day warranty and conferenced me in . About four people at apex said no and were quite rude about it , like I was trying to ripe them off or something . Finally , the amazon.com rep and me got through to a supervisor who said the warranty was now valid that they thought it was a used unit which is not true . I had to repeat over and over how it was new , purchased as a gift for me and never worked from day one . Allegedly , they are going to be calling me with a `` written authorization number '' and an address to return it to . By the way , everyone I 've talked to at apex has an Indian accent and never fully understood what I was saying . I 've had to give the same information over and over again because of the communication breakdown . Total and complete nightmare .
 The unit met my needs for almost a year . The unit comes with a 1-year parts warranty , so I could get it repaired under that warranty , but ... The deal is that they have a `` fixed price '' labor service charge on this unit of $ 80 . And do n't forget that you have to pay shipping to California . So you 're going to pay at least $ 100 to get the unit serviced . My logical -LRB- to me , anyway -RRB- question to tech support was `` What will I get for my $ 80 ? '' The guy could not answer the question -LRB- after trying to rephrase it several ways -RRB- . Is it so unreasonable to seek some assurance that the machine is going to function for more than another 2 weeks after I shell out that money?I knew exactly what the problem was with my unit when I called -LRB- toasted power supply -RRB- but the guy insisted that I try plugging the unit into another outlet . So what happened when I did that ? LOUD POP and smoke coming from unit . So now I 'm looking at more than just a toasted power supply . -LRB- A toasted power supply I probably could have replaced myself -RRB- . So if you are thinking of buying this unit , expect that it will likely meet your needs for at least 1 month -LRB- when the FULL parts and labor warranty expires -RRB- but at some point after that -LRB- probably within a year -RRB- the unit is going to break down . Once that happens , you may as well throw it away and buy a new one.Other comments I 've read here about the unit mirror my experience . The unit runs hot , the clock runs fast , the remote has to be carefully aimed and is awkward , and tech support is horrible ! Like many other machines , you will experience a significant delay when you close the tray -LRB- whether it holds a disc or not -RRB- while the unit tries to load the disc . I have very few `` coasters '' from this unit , and successfully recorded at least 50 discs , which I have been able to play on other -LRB- non-Apex -RRB- DVD players with no problems . One other good thing is that the unit was made before the copy protection requirement came out , so while some units wo n't allow you to `` time-shift '' copy-protected shows -LRB- like most HBO movies -RRB- , this unit will -LRB- at least from my experience -RRB- . I would n't recommend trying to record more than 4 hours on a disc as the quality really starts to degrade beyond that . But if you are looking to replace the time-shifting functionality of your VCR in SLP mode , this unit will provide adequate quality with up to 4 hours of recording time . Note , though , the clock issue mentioned above , making scheduled recording difficult.If you get the unit on sale for around $ 100 you will likely get your money 's worth out of it for about a year , but expect to be shopping again after that . At the rate the technology is changing , that may not be such a bad idea for the `` gadget-minded '' anyway . If all you 're looking for is a low-cost entry point into the world of DVD recording -LRB- your VCR is obsolete ! -RRB- and can find this unit in the $ 100 ballpark , it may be worth a gamble , but otherwise my advice is STEER CLEAR !
 All I can say about APEX quality is
 audio ouput is low , owners manual says make adjustments in audio menu ,3 emails - company unable to helpadvised to unplug unit to resetignored my question - where audio menu?tell me what a great machine I havenot so happy with the inputs only being on the front
 Caught my house on fire and almost killed my wife and pets as we were asleep . Just starting the legal process . Wish us luck.TELL YOUR FRIENDS AND FAMILY - DO NOT BUY APEX PRODUCTS .
 The product did not work when I tried to use it . Beware of their return policy , unlike Amazon YOU pay for the return shipping , YOU pay a res-stocking fee - even if the product does n't work . This vendor was also slow in answering emails when I wanted a refund . I learned my lesson - buy from Amazon directly , not from places like this .
 When I got the machine , it would n't set the pm time so it would n't record . After calling Apex for two months , they finally told me they could n't fix it & I had to return it . They said someone would call in 2 days with a RA # . After 2 weeks & many calls to them , they finally called with the RA # . I sent it back immediately & they told me , since it was being replaced it would be only 2 weeks before I got the new one . For the last 2 months , I 've called each week to find out where the replacement is & they keep saying `` it 'll be another 2 weeks before it 's shipped '' !! This is a replacement !! They ca n't seem to explain why it 's taking 2 months to put a new machine in the mail . Finally , I asked for the money back instead of the machine & they said `` we do n't do refunds - it 's company policy '' . I have now filed a complaint with the BBB . I strongly suggest you do NOT by anything from Apex . Their customer service is non-existant .
 At the highest video quality setting of one hour per DVD disc the picture quality is indistinguishable from the source . The picture quality is good at lower settings.The price is right.But ... The menu setup was programmed to maximize inefficiency . It takes six button pushes just to get to the program setup menu . Once there , it will take at least 18 more button pushes . OK , I am used to VCRplus where you could finish your programming in as few as seven button pushes.All these button pushes would n't be so frustrating if you did n't have to perfectly aim the remote as you push the button . I like remotes that let you bounce the signal off your friend 's face and it still works.The clock runs fast . It gains a couple minutes every few days . If you forget to reset it , you will miss the ending of your TV show . Even $ 40 VCR 's have automatic PBS time clocks . A $ 10 watch keeps better time.The manual is almost useless . You have to hunt around the DVR 's on screen menu to find out what 's available . For example , when setting a time to start your recording the AM/PM is not adjustable . If you enter 7 you will get 7 AM . To get 7 PM you have to enter 19 -LRB- military time I guess -RRB- . Or you can just keep pushing the up button like you do on a $ 9 alarm clock . There is no mention in the manual about how to automatically record every weekday but if you push ` up ' when the date is highlighted it is available -LRB- but easy to miss -RRB- . Neither of these -LRB- or many other issues -RRB- is covered in the manual.The audio on the recorded discs -LRB- and when watching TV through the DVR -RRB- is low -LRB- about 2/3rds of my TV -RRB- . It is also tinny . Additionally if you turn on the DVR without first changing the TV to its DVR input channel you get 2 seconds of LOUD static before it returns you to your show.The playback usually ` blips ' with a second long freeze-frame at least twice an hour.My penultimate complaint is that the DVD locks up about once a week . It wo n't accept any input from the remote or on the console itself . You ca n't even turn it off . The only thing you can do is unplug it and start over.My last complaint is the 25 Memorex -LRB- off brand ? -RRB- DVD+RW 's I bought for the Apex . They recorded once just fine but never again . They still work just fine on my computer 's DVD recorder though.This is my second but ... last Apex .
 One plug would not go into a jack . On inspecting the plug , I found that the central pin had been mounted at an angle during manufacturing . Checked the package
 The AutoStar is junk . Next to impossible to align . Totaly Impossible to stay aligned . I spent hours setting up to spend 5 seconds viewing . Absolutly no support either .
 A novice to astronomy i bought this unit with extra bells and whistles , thinking it would be a good intro to astronomy . I am completely disappointed and would never recommend it to anyone for any purpose other then a door stop . Unless you already have some knowledge of telescopes avoid it at all costs . Set up is difficult to impossible , and what eventually appears is not much better then what you can already see on a clear night . As far as i am concerned this purchase was a waste of money .
 I have never had such a bad experience with customer service . My telescope broke after two uses . The horizontal drive mechanism is stripped . If I could get my telescope repaired someplace else , I would . I am absolutely furious at the complete failure on the part of Meade 's organization to honor their commitment to repair my ETX-125 . They took my money over two months ago now and have done absolutely nothing in return for my $ 150 . This is the most pathetic interaction I have ever had with any purchase in my entire life.I purchased a warranty plan from Meade 8/29/06 . The charge was promptly placed on my credit card , and that is the only thing they have ever done for me . I called a month later for my shipping boxes . No reply . I called a week later and left another message , No reply . I called on 10/19/06 , no reply . On 10 23 I talked to someone personally and she promised to look into the matter , took my info and said the manager would qet the messaqe . NO reply . On 10 24 I left a message again . Someone finally returned my call and said he 'd send boxes . SINCE THEN I HAVE HEARD NOTHING!I might as well throw my $ 1200 telescope in the trash since it broke after two uses and thanks to their bungling I ca n't get it fixed .
 A nice telescope that will disappoint . Polar alignment is almost impossible because of the location of the finder scope . Without polar alignment capabilities you can forget about photography . If you insist on buying this model then go ahead and order an angled finder scope for another $ 60 . The straight through finder scope that comes with the ETX-90 is useless since you ca n't see through it while aligning on Polaris.The optics are excellent with no noticeable color fringes.The AutoStar locator/tracker leaves much to be desired . After spending many minutes performing a polar alignment , the AutoStar reset itself and `` Initialized '' . Did the alignment again , moved to Mars for some photography and the AutoStar `` Initialized '' again . I found that a light tap on the side of the scope caused it to initialize - losing all alignment setting . Apparently there is a loose connector/cable inside it !!! I suggest buying a Celestron .
 the reason for one star is not the telescope it self or any part of it ... . i like it its an excellent choice for a bigennerbut the offer represented above is only the etx90 with the autostar controller -LRB- 497 -RRB- with out the Tripod -LRB- 884 -RRB- beware if you pay 499 $ for this offer dont think you will get the whole set , no.even if you complain they will replace with the same orderbuy them separate , it would be betterpoor amazon
 does not work does not really fit this does not even belong on amazon its such a scam - -LRB- ... -RRB-
 the plug that actually goes into the Zune hole is badly designed it almost broke it . while the original one is perfect and now way you can plug it the wrong way this one is rather ill matching .
 You 're getting Carp . Amazon made me give it a star to post , but it does n't deserve that . Mine broke in a month , and that 's sporadic useage . Save your buck and buy a soda . Or buy them and use them as travel disposables .
 Extremely bad . The plug almost broke my Zune . It would not come out and when I forced it it bent one of the pins inside !!!
 This product was a lens pen not a wall chargeranything with a lens tv smartphoneyou can wipe with this lens penNever received a wall charger for 1.99
 I have never had such a bad experience with customer service . My telescope broke after two uses . The horizontal drive mechanism is stripped . If I could get my telescope repaired someplace else , I would . I am absolutely furious at the complete failure on the part of Meade 's organization to honor their commitment to repair my ETX-125 . They took my money over two months ago now and have done absolutely nothing in return for my $ 150 . This is the most pathetic interaction I have ever had with any purchase in my entire life.I purchased a warranty plan from Meade 8/29/06 . The charge was promptly placed on my credit card , and that is the only thing they have ever done for me . I called a month later for my shipping boxes . No reply . I called a week later and left another message , No reply . I called on 10/19/06 , no reply . On 10 23 I talked to someone personally and she promised to look into the matter , took my info and said the manager would qet the messaqe . NO reply . On 10 24 I left a message again . Someone finally returned my call and said he 'd send boxes . SINCE THEN I HAVE HEARD NOTHING!I might as well throw my $ 1200 telescope in the trash since it broke after two uses and thanks to their bungling I ca n't get it fixed .
 Why buy this DVD player when a squirrel on a generator , hooked to a old 1981 Apple Computer screen wired with coat hangers to a typewriter would be more reliable.I was given this as a gift for Christmas . I used it during road trips and otherwise it was kept locked away in my closet . During the 2nd half of the third road trip , the player stoppped working . NO disk would load . It told me no disk was in the player . I tried a DVD , CD , MP3 Disk , Picture disk ... nothing . I called APEX . After sending me thru the most elementary set of problems like unplugging the thing for 30 seconds , trying an unscratched disk -LRB- duh -RRB- , and cleaning it with a laser disk cleaner they said it must be an internal problem . -LRB- YA THINK ! -RRB- The cost of shipping , labor , and maintenance is more than the cost of the player . Thus I 'll be sending this pile of crap to the nearest electronics recycling center and buy something with SONY or PHILIPS written across it . Thanks for nothing APEX .
 NO DISC ... I had a similar problem , only mine was a little more long and drawn out . First off , about a year before it stopped reading discs completely , it just started popping open . It started happening more and more frequently until finally it would n't stay closed at all . I dealt with it though . Taped it closed , placed something on the cover , then there were tehe disc errors . I 'd turn it off and on 2 or three times before it would play properlly . Then , the ` No Disc ' message became permenant . At leas the screen still works . For what it 's worth . Do n't buy it . Also It wo n't work without the remote . What a pain in the bum .
 I bought this mouse as an end all to my mouse problems . 18 months later it starts double and triple clicking every time I use it . It 's poorly made junk for a lot of money .
 I really wanted to like this mouse but so far it has given me nothing but grief . If you plan on leaving your computer on for extended periods of time and then coming back to it to do some work you may find that your scroll wheel no longer scrolls pages . I have had to on several occasions unplug and replug in my mouse in order to get the scroll wheel working again . This is absolutely UNEXCEPTIBLE Logitech ! What happened to Logitech ? You used to be able to count on them for quality products now I am wondering if I should switch back to Micro $ oft products . I may give the Micro $ oft Laser Mouse 6000 a try and take the MX 400 back .
 Like the forward/back buttons but they are located too far back on the body for comfort . Like the scroll wheel and side-to-side scroll ability . Pointer flickers a lot sometimes and often disappears over certain buttons . Logitech website gives no help.Comes with an installation CD for a Logitech MX320 !!! Be prepared for a 50MB download to install the MX400 . Almost makes Microsot look good .
 I bought this mouse so I could play Titan Quest with a 5-button mouse . After installing 41MB of `` programs '' -LRB- 35MB being pictures of accessories Logitech offers -RRB- , I tried and failed to get the new buttons sensed ingame . TQ offers keymapping , but the buttons were not sensed , except in Picture previews . How useless , for me at least . So I uninstall the mouse , expecting more from a $ 35 mouse , and try to reinstall my original mouse . Upon restarting , I find my services.exe files are deleted -LRB- that means I ca n't even log into Windows -RRB- . Since Windows can not load , I ca n't reinstall the files from a disk . I spent $ 100 REFORMATING my HARD DRIVE just to use my computer again . I lost all my programs and many files , including the Video Games I design . Those were worth THOUSANDS of dollars , and Logitech is not liable for any of my loss . Does no one back their product these days ?! Its 2007 , and we ca n't make quality mice that were originally designed to WORK ON the computer ! Mice has been around for at least 15 years , and they still cost this much and not work ! I 've been re-installing all my Microsoft updates for the past WEEK straight . My dial-up connection seems slower and less constant now , and all because of a MOUSE ! I will never buy from Logitech again , and I hope you do the same .
 This is a well-manufactured mouse , but if you use the middle button a lot , forget it . It 's much stiffer than the middle button on Logitech 's other mice and may give you a bruise if you try to use it too much.Also , the acceleration was very different from most mice . It can undoubtedly be adjusted in software preferences , but I fail to see the justification for a mouse that does n't work out of the box these days.After trying this mouse for a couple of hours I returned it and got myself a trusty MX-310 . No surprises there , just a good mouse .
 I researched the heck out of various corded mouses -LRB- do n't want to deal with batteries -RRB- , before settling on this mouse . I used it for about 4 days . I 'm not a picky person and I really tried to like this mouse . After a while , it became very comfortable in my hand and was easy to maneuver.BUT - the scroll wheel felt cheap and flimsy . The clicking noise it made was MUCH louder going in one direction than the other . Also , pushing the wheel down to activate the zoom was VERY difficult . If you pressed too hard/far , the icon would switch from pointer to zoom icon and back to pointer . If you did n't press far/hard enough , you would n't activate zoom . It was like Goldilocks , you have to press not too hard/far and not too light/shallow . I found it pretty frustrating . My other Logitech mice never did this . Maybe I got a bad unit.Anyway , I returned it and Amazon was very good about taking it back . I ended up placing an order for a Logitech V150 because I have and LOVE the v100 . We 'll see how it goes . It does n't have the nifty forward/back buttons on the side , but I 'll live w/o as long as the scroll wheel works the way it should .
 I had this mouse for 3 years . Very happy with it until the left click button starts to malfunction . Now every time I click , it double or triple clicks.Update
 My mouse died and after reading reviews , I decided to try Logitech and the MX 400 . I 've never used a logitech product before , but all the reviews seemed favorable . To be upfront , I own a macbook pro running 10.4.8 . I connected the mouse and it seemed a little sluggish to me . I loaded the software and it refused to recognize my mouse . i went to the logitech support site , followed the instructions and I still could not get the Logitech Control Center software to work . I could n't even UNINSTALL the software and when i checked in my library , some of the software items were missing . I contacted customer support and they recommended installing old driver software -LRB- 2.1.2 and 2.1.1 -RRB- which I could not do because I could not uninstall 2.1.3 . Everything I did and asked resulted in the same response , try reinstalling 2.1.1 and finally , calling tech support which is open at times that are not very convenient for me . So after about 6 hours of trying to get the mouse to work properly , I returned it , purchased a less feature rich mouse from Kensington , which works great with my Mac , and now am quite happy.So ... if you 're a Mac user and you want to be able to do chording or other use of a multi-buttoned mouse , do not buy the logitech mice until they fix these bugs . According to logitech I was n't the only one having this problem .
 Every time you try to use the middle click you end up also either hitting the left or the right wheel click at the same time . It is also next to impossible to tell if you really clicked it or not , as there is almost no feedback for the button press .
 I returned this mouse after testing it briefly . Two major reasons : - Clicking the scroll wheel takes too much effort - While playing World of Warcraft , scrolling with the scroll wheel caused the cursor to immediately jump to the upper left corner of the screen . A cursory search indicates this is an issue with Logitech 's Macintosh drivers
 the scroll wheel click is SO ANNOYING ! its freaking LOUD ! no problem scrolling down , but scrolling up is really loud CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICK CLICKI ca n't believe i paid $ 50 freaking bucks for thisalso , a problem is when customizing the buttons , you cant make the side to side scroll wheel buttons function as scroll ! this is an essential function for technical analysis in finance . will be sending this back , too bad I shredded the crap out of the packaging
 I have an extensive home network , and every now and then I have to replace cables , usually because the little lock-tab on the connector has broken off or does n't lock properly any more . The primary cause of the tabs breaking is them getting caught on something as I 'm trying to pull them out from behind a desk . Having a feature that protects the tab from that abuse is important to me , and was a primary requirement in my selection . The image for this product shows side guard protectors for the tab , but the product itself has no such protectors.I 'm rating this a 2 because they are still useful as cables , even though the lack of tab protection limits their lifespan .
 This unit worked for one day before it konked out . While it was easy to set up and gave excellent pictures , when I went to turn it on the second day , the power would n't come on . To make matters worse , the warranty info states you must ship Panasonic 's Texas Service Center at your expense if you are going to get it fixed . Then to add more insult to injury , they say that if they choose not to repair your new unit , they will ship you a refurbished unit and now a new one . Using this equipment for 90 minutes only to have the unit fail is unacceptable . A new unit should be sent to replace this one - not a refurbished unit . This is a very poor warranty and exeedingly poor customer service.I 'm going to contact their customer service unit to see if I can get this serviced loaclly , but this poor level of quality control is unacceptable . If I wish to return the unit to the shipping company , I am out the original shipping charges , plus the additional shipping costs to get it back to them.Check out all of the warranty and return policies before you purchase.Follow-up . July 2nd . I was able to contact J&R Music Customer Service . They were friendly and quite helpful . I am in the process of exchanging the broken unit for a new one . Hopefully the second one will work .
 Panasonic DVD/VCR stuff is junk . With two purchases the item stopped working after a few months . Once the 3 month `` full warranty '' has expired Panasonic wanted slightly more than the original purchase price to fix it . I would never buy another Panasonic product . I wish I could give it zero stars
 used this item on a dell XPS 410 , doesnt fit the drive bay to well , hub frame is too short to reach the back stopper , had to rig a homemade clip to prevent hub from moving back into the bay when plugging in a cord , buyers be aware of this problem . i bought this item to upload home movies from my firewire camcorder
 Olympus had winner with the D-380 . This D-390 is LOUSY . Pictures fuzzy , LCD screen in back is grainy and hard to read , and menu more confusing . I bought the D-390 hoping for pictures at least as good as the D-380 , but they are much fuzzier , more pixellated , and the macro is a JOKE . Colors are also washed out compared to the D-380 . I had to buy the D-560 to get decent photos . Olympus really blew it by discontinuing the D-380 and introducing the D-390 . Do n't pay more than $ 100 for the D-390 . it is n't woth it .
 DO NOT BUY THIS CAMERA ... at least , do n't buy this camera if you want to actually have decent pictures to print and keep for a lifetime and for generations to come . I actually read the manual and learned how to use all the features and still 75 % of the pictures I 've taken over the past 3 weeks are blurred or very pixillated . Yes , I modified the pixels to the highest resolution and am still having issues . If you want a cheap camera , and do n't care about having quality pictures to preserve , then this is the camera for you . If not , save the $ 100 + dollars you would have spent , and budget for a more expensive , higher quality camera . I 'm sending mine back and upgrading . One positive note is the Camedia software . I 've used it with a higher quality Olympus camera -LRB- a lot more $ -RRB- which was stolen from me a few months back , and I really love it ; which is why I 'm staying with the Olympus brand , despite the poor quality of the D-Series model .
 I received the camera as an inducement to open a primere bank account at a local bank . After several months the camera would drain new and/or fully charged batteries within minutes of inserting . I had registered the warranty but when I tried to get the camera repaired , a sales receipt was required to validate the warranty . I would have to pay to have the defect corrected , plus shipping , myself ! I had also purchased extra x-d memory cards and card readers . Guess What only one other camera mfg. uses x-d cards . I checked auction sites and found a lot of non-working d-390s for sale with the same problem as mine ! Not only that but Olympus had a lot of rebuilt D-390s up for auction and even maintained an auction store featuring D-390s . My guess is that if you send your camera in to be fixed and the repair cost is too high , you just tell them to keep it rather than pay to have a broken camera returned to you . I feel like a real sucker !!!
 This was a waste of money even if it was 10.00 it would be a waste ! The camera drains the batteries within an hour or so ! NOT WORTH IT AT ALL !
 This was my first digital camera and I am not impressed with it . It drains batteries within 1-2 hours of use , there is a large delay in everything and my camera dose n't ever turn on anymore . It does take beautiful pictures , though I have to admit . My advice is buy a Canon , Nikon or Kodak camera instead of any Olympus .
 Bought this camera two weeks later the flash was n't working . Office max was nice enough to replace it , but now three months later and this one is not turning on . So I call costumer service and find out there is no place to bring it in , I have to pay to ship it out to be fixed . This means waiting an extended period . Do not recommend at all .
 I use a Olympus D-360 at work and love it . When the D-390 came out , I was first in line to buy one . This camera is horrible . I prefer my daughters $ 15.00 Barbie camera . It 's easier to use and takes better pictures .
 I bought this camera about a year and a half ago . For the first few months it was great , some pictures had some color/grainy issues , but the camera did it 's job . After it hit the one year mark , i noticed a decrease in the quality of the photos it was taking . more and more were coming out looking overexposed or ` whited-out ' . I just took a trip , and 5 out of 18 pictures came out viewable . Not sure how log these are supposed to last for , but this one is heading for the scrap heap .
 I enjoyed very much the older version , the Olympus D-380 . This camera -LRB- d-390 -RRB- does not seem to produce the same beautiful colors that the older version produced . also the quality of the picture shown in the LCD was much sharper in the older version .
 I was given this camera as a gift and loved it at first . Easy to use , took nice pictures . However , I agree with other reviewers -- the batteries drain in days and the lag between shots was very long . Now -LRB- 1 1/2 years later -RRB- , even with brand new batteries , I can not get the camera to stay on to take one picture .
 Case is nice , but much too large for the X50V . Belt clip is nice and magnet enclosure works well , but my X50V just sloshes around in this case and none of the holes line up ... Amazon and Belkin need to update description to state which EXACT model this fits .
 I do n't recall buying this so because the purchase was n't memorable I decided to give it a failing review . I am not sure when I purchased this if I purchased it . But you would think that i would or else I would remember it but I do n't . They should definitely try harder the next time .
 I ordered this case because I liked the design , which incorporates enough storage space to serve as a combination case and wallet . The product description states that the case is designed for the dell axim . I was disappointed to find that it is not designed for the X30 . The case slightly tapers at the bottom , so that the wireless enable and microphone buttons , at the side , are pressed down when you put the PDA in the case . The opening for buttons is misaligned , either leaving a space in the case at the bottom or covering the smaller buttons . The opening at the side exposes the headphone jack , but covers the jog dial . Furthermore , the opening at the top for the antenna is small and round , whereas the Axim X30 's antenna is larger and rectangular .
 I have a lot of these discs that I bought several years ago which were made in Japan . They never failed . So when itune complained that the disc needs to be calibrated when the burn failed . I was truly surprised . It is made in China -LRB- marked above UPC code -RRB- . I paid premium price for this kind of junk . Even the Memorex discs I bought in Walmart -LRB- made in Taiwan -RRB- are much better than these . BTW , I ordered CD-R -LRB- PHOTO -RRB- PRO but received CD-R PRO .
 I 've been a fan of Maxell CD-R Pro for years , but in the last few months everywhere I 've tried to purchase it -LRB- at stores or online -RRB- the discs are actually the PHOTO CD-R Pro though it 's in the packaging for the regular CD-R Pro . If I wanted the Photo CD-R Pro I 'd buy that since they are easy to distinguish by not only the packaging but by looking at the top of the spindle you can clearly see it is a different disc . Despite how easy it is to see the difference it seems that online sellers do n't actually look at what they are sending . When they look at the top of the spindle it 's very easy to see the difference between the CD-R Pro -LRB- black and gold on top -RRB- and the Photo CD-R Pro -LRB- silver and yellow on top -RRB- . I 've contacted Maxell about this but have received no response about why the CD-R Pro is no longer in the packaging for it . Amazon also supposedly is looking into this but weeks later I have n't heard from them either . The CD-R Pro is a great product . I 'd give it 5 stars , but as long as the wrong product shows up it will get the worst rating possible .
 For years I was sent this product , but now it 's made in China , no longer made in Japan . The quality is nowhere near the old discs .
 I was always a big fan of the Maxell CD-R Pros - as one of the old reviews stated , they were just repackaged Taiyo Yudens . This is no longer the case . I 've already had 6 coasters out of this pack , and I 'm not even through all 25 of them yet ! I NEVER had a single one of these fail to burn before this pack . Now they 're just junk like most of the other CD-Rs on the market .
 I just recieved 5 sets of these 25pk maxell cdr pro . I am very sad to say they are GARBAGE !!! heres why : - just the print is not even and smudged on the cd 's , unbelievable ! - there are many artifacts/imperfections on the cd media side , this can guarantee caused cd errors-each of the packs i opend all had small particles , pieces of plastic floating around on all the discs and spindlesthese floating peices of plastic , god forbid if they go into your cd/dvd drive will ruin the drive-the ink on the CD 's use to be a strong Phthalocyanin dye -LRB- deep dark green -RRB- now they are POOR off the shelf cheap cd dye ` sI am very sad to see such a great product ruined.DO NOT BUY THESE , TOTAL WASTE OF MONEY ! i would give it negative star rating if possibleTHIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN MADE IN CHINA !!! if you need a good cd and can spend the money just get gold delkins already .
 * AS A LONG TIME USER OF MAXEL , I WAS TOTALY SURPRISED WHEN I LEARNED THEY ARE NOW MADE IN CHINA . I WILL BE SWITCHING BRANDS & GOING WITH SOMETHING MADE IN JAPAN OR MEXICO EVEN . THIS IS JUST TRASH . MADE IN CHINA IS THE NEW LOW TO REACH . WHY ARE WE AMERICANS NOT RISING UP WITH A MOVEMENT TO BOYCOTT THIS JUNK ... . TOTAL DAMN JUNK !!! PEOPLE ARE EASILY LED . THEY 'D RATHER BUY JUNK AT A CHEAP PRICE THAN BUY SOMETHING QUALITY AT A HIGH PRICE .
 I just received these & found the same problem as the previous reviewer . These used to be top quality made in Japan by Taiyo Yuden . Now they 're just overpriced cheap Riteks in disguise . I had this item in my cart for over a year prior to the last review . If I 'd read it , I would have deleted this item . I feel totally ripped off & I 've learned my lesson -LRB- read the latest reviews before finally ordering ! -RRB- . Do n't waste your money . These are good for disposable use only , not for archiving your family photos ect .
 Received Maxell CD-R Pro , the packaging was ok , but cd 's are very bad quality . You can see dye is bleeding out towards center and reflective layer is damaged exactly in the same spot through almost all disks . In addition , reflective layer also has tiny visible holes in it - very bad , you will lose your data . I was surprised with these cd 's , since I bought them previously from another store and they were great .
 I have a simple dell computer with a standard burner -LRB- nothing fancy -RRB- , but it 's worked in the past . So my girlfriend buy these and thus far I 've attempted 5 burns and only 1 is successful . I 'm returning them .
 maxell has been one of my trusted use for blank discs for longer than i can remember.up until sometime in 2005 ... when maxell changed their discs.heres the differencethe 2004 model has the maxell guy on rhe left , and the cdr/80/700 tihng on the right . on the top it says maxell in big letters . also if you feel the background , it is a whole lot more stable . it doesnt chip easily . also the plastic used was not scratched easily.the 2005/2006 model is a whole lot worse . it says cd-r onl eft , highlighted . on top of that it has maxell in small letters . on the right it says 80/700 and the maxell guy is right below it . the top of the disc is obviously used with cheaper material , and it scratches easily.another thing noticeable from the two is burn errors . ive had no burn errors at all with either of the 2004 models -LRB- regular or music -RRB- . on the 2005 model at least 80 % failed.also when using nero express i tested imation and sony cd-rs just to make sure my recorder was ok . imation had a 10 % fail rate and sony had a 0 % fail rate ... my recorder works fine.also , i tried burning at slower speed with no better results.why would imation and sony work on my computer and maxell wouldnt . because maxell cd-rs are garbage . avoid at all costs get imation sony or get maxell but only if the discs look like i explained on the 2004 modle becuase those were literally the best cdrs ive ever owned .
 Eats rechargeable batteries very fast - takes about 7 pictures before camera dies . And when it dies , the zoom does not retract . Very frustrating camera .
 I admit that I 'm far from an expert on digital cameras . I did take over 32,000 photographs with 35mm cameras for over 20 years.I purchased a 510 PowerShot in July of 2005 . It was n't too long before the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work . I contacted Canon over this and can you believe this company had the audacity to charge ME for shipping THEIR faulty camera back to them . I can understand them saying , ` we 'll charge you at first , BUT once we establish that the fault is due to us , we 'll then reimburse you back . ' I enclosed a type written letter with the camera asking that Canon contact me when they received my camera -LRB- in the mail -RRB- and I also asked that they contact me when it was being shipped back . -LRB- I also emailed them the same request -RRB- . Neither of my wishes was ever fulfilled on Canon 's behalf.That in itself was enough for me and I 've been bitter about that ever since . I 've also told every person that I 've met who wanted to buy a digital camera about this incident . I 'm pleased to say , I 've steered most away from this company.What else can I say about this camera : This camera is slow at times after its taken a picture . I 've missed out on some good shots due to this.It eats batteries like there 's no tomorrow so one MUST have rechargeable AA 's to even make this camera worth its while.I 've not used other digital cameras so maybe they are all this way but if I take a 3 minute movie -LRB- with this camera -RRB- in my home during the day and go outside , most things outside are VERY WHITE . Almost like looking at an infra red photograph.When filming outside , when one goes inside during the day , everything is dark . Like I said , maybe all digital cameras are this way?I would n't recommend this camera or anything that Canon makes if you want my personal opinion . Think about that . You have to pay the shipping for a camera that 's barely a few months old and still UNDER warranty . That 's disgusting , that 's all I have to say.There should be a ZERO for this , not a 1 star !
 I bought this camera March 1 , 2005 from Best Buy , brand new -LRB- with a protection plan , thank god -RRB- . On the 14th , it gave me an E18 error , and I returned the camera -- it was exchanged for a new one . Today , I received an E30 error . What do these E errors mean ? God only knows -- it 's not even listed in the manual.The focusing on this camera is disgusting , if you 've ever used a `` manual '' camera . It does not focus on the correct object 50 % of the time.Battery life is a complete joke . Expect to spend the price of the camera on batteries within the first six months of purchase . I 've been through five sets of the AAs , rechargable and non , alike . The LCD screen depletes these batteries even worse , do n't use it.I never even had a chance to explore the full uses of this camera -- it broke everytime I tried . I 'm returning this for something reasonable !
 Canon can not make a camera that is not proprietary to their lousy software . You must load up their software in order to get the pictures off the card or else buy a card reader . When you plug it in it launches the Canon ZoomBrowser software . This software in its latest versions above 5.0 has the following big drawbacks : You do not see a Removable Media Drive like you do with cameras like those from Olympus . You also CAN NOT ... I repeat CAN NOT copy the photos from the camera to any type of a non local hard drive using their terrible software or drivers which makes these horrible for a business environment because you must copy everything local and then manually move them around.We already rolled these out at my employer or I would have suggested that all 13 of them that we purchased be sent back as junk.As for the camera itself it is okay but I would personally never buy one .
 I bought this with the iP4000R Wireless Photo Printer to get the $ 70 rebate for the 2 items together . I never got the rebate and after contacting Canon for a month they tell me they never got the box tabs . Of course I sent them with the rebate form . So now I have no boxes and no rebate . Very aggravating and disappointing !
 Bought the camera as a gift . My son-in-law used it less than three weeks and it would not turn on . He is in Iraq and sent it home . I contacted Canon and sent it in . The turn around time was less than two weeks . It works now but they scratched it badly around the screws used to disassemble the camera and added an extra one on the display for free . Poor , poor repair . Just beware of Canon `` service '' . I 'm a long time Canon user myself and own 7 film and digital cameras and have had good luck with all of them but be very afraid of their `` service '' .
 I purchased this camera over one year ago at Amazon and over the past several months image quality began to deteriorate when taking out of doors pictures . At this point all images shot out of doors are now all white washed out . I called Tech Support and they told me that one of two automated digital devices on the camera were defective and that the camera was out of warranty . I would have to pay more than what this used camera is worth to fix it OR I COULD BUY ANOTHER MORE EXPENSIVE CANON AT VIRTUALLY THE SAME DISCOUNTED PRICE OFFERED BY AMAZON AND , TO BOOT , THE REPLACEMENT CAMERA DIRECT FROM CANON WOULD NOT BE NEW !!!!! Such a deal . This is my second very bad experience with Canon , the first with TWO VIDEO CAMS which , as with this PowerShot , were rarely used at all . I got stuck with those two videocams as well with no support from Canon . I recommend Sharp and Samsung as much more reliable electronic devices in general terms . YES , I am embarassed to admit that I did this three times ! I now own two video cams , one Sharp and one Samsung . NEVER AGAIN CANON .
 I agree with M. Arse with the 2star rating . I was disappointed with this camera from the beginning . Not a user friendly one and the pictures turn out very grainy with bad color quality unless you are in an optimum light . I 'm interested in the 7 Mp camera Canon offers . I 've read that it has much better shutter speed . Recommended ??
 My A510 will not open the lens barrier all the way when the power is turned on . I sent it to Canon under warranty and it was returned to me with the same problem only worse . Last -LRB- and only -RRB- Canon for me . Returned to Canon again but it 's still not working .
 I 've had the A510 for about six months and have been pleasantly surprised by the ease of use and reasonable picture quality for a 3.2 M camera.After six months the lens and cover have jammed and I noticed that many Amazon reviewers have had the same issue . One evening I took several pictures and the next morning the camera would not operate.I 'm hoping the service center can provide me better service than some of the reviewers .
 I bought this for my son and within a few days , the shutter jammed . He was still able to use the camera by manually pushing the shutter open . He really liked it except for the shutter problem , until he dropped it in the river . He is waiting for it to dry out . If it survives this , I 'll change the rating .
 I bought the Canon Powershot A510 two years ago and was very happy with the quality of pictures . However , during the past several months I noticed that my battery charge was not lasting as long as it should . I first blamed it on my charger and bought a new one . Its not the batteries or the charger , its the camera . It completely drains the batteries within seconds . The camera is now unusable and I probably wo n't buy another Canon camera .
 I have owned a Powershot S200 for some years and loved it , but it finally gave up . I thought the A510 would be an upgrade ... it is not . It is just as heavy and quite a bit larger . Night shots are very difficult to get right , and you can not trust the auto mode . It also has a less sturdy feel to it . Well I 'm gpnna keep it but am certainly disappointed . As a first digital camera it is probably great , but if you are used to digital and are looking for an upgrade , this is probably not for you .
 After much research online I bought this for an upcoming overseas trip . I have several other digital cameras but wanted a small one w / good optical zoom for the trip . Here is the problem -- this camera takes WAY WAY WAY too long to power up between flash shots . It sometimes takes WAY too long between no-flash shots , and it sometimes simply freezes in lens-open position and must be turned off and on again . I bought a high speed write Panasonic SD card , so the problemis not a cheap SD card . I have tried using different and fresh batteries . Possibly , since it runs on 2 AA batteries , it is just underpowered for it 's own engineering . Second problem , in a loud enviroment , such as live music , it is very difficult to know if the camera actually took a shot or not when the button was pressed . If you ca n't hear it 's little beep or click , you can not tell by a indicator light.And since it takes so long to get ready for the next shot , you just do n't know if you are actually getting the picture or not . When it does take a shot , the outdoor pictures looked good , but I found I missed as many shots as I got . Very frustrating . I took some no/flash shots at an indoor dance & live music event w / this camera the first day and the pictures were so disappointing that I took my larger Toshiba M500 the next day . No comparison , same light , etc. . . but the photos the second day were great . Of course the Toshiba M500 and M700 are much bigger cameras , but I paid about the same for them as this Canon .
 I have owned this camera for about a year and I have never really enjoyed it . For a point and shoot it is bad , it takes pictures way too slowly and I often miss out on a good shot . It is also not as user friendly as I would have hoped it to be with so many scene settings . While I enjoy some of them , most of the time my pictures turn out grainy -LRB- in low light -RRB- , whitewashed -LRB- with flash -RRB- or blurry -LRB- of even slowly moving objects -RRB- . I have tried changing the exposure time and shutter speed to counter some of these things , but I rarely get a good picture when I need it . I never had these problems with my ELPH s200 . This camera is also a lot more bulkier as well , and the cover over the lens has started to stick so that it does not fully open when turned on . If given the option I would not buy this camera again .
 Well , we are on our third Powershot of the same model . The first one was stolen and the next two broke within 2 weeks of having them . First it started by not turning on , then we would change the batteries and it would work for a few pictures , then the lens would n't open all the way ! What a pain ! I 'm glad to see so many others are happy and not having this problem , but I think its time for me to try a different camera .
 I have just been told that my camera will not be repaired under its warranty . It was purchased the last week of June , used to take over 700 pictures/video and then 6 1/2 weeks after purchase , would not take photos . After calling the service number and trying various suggested things , I sent it to their service center for repair . Two weeks later , I received a BILL for $ 108.00 with a note that the repair would be done after they received payment ! When I called , they said it had impact damage - I was surprised , since I had not noticed any damage before I sent it -LRB- and I knew I had not dropped it . -RRB- I asked for photos of the damage and was astonished to see the condition it was in . They flatly deny that anything happened to it there and still refuse to repair it without being paid . I checked on this site and found four other people -LRB- reviews dated 9/11 , 9/6 , 8/16 and 6/28 -RRB- who had the same sort of problem with their A510
 I purchased this camera because of its high ratings , but after one day , the lens cover began sticking . I returned it for a replacement . One day after receiving the replacement , the problem surfaced on the second unit . Canon needs to fix this problem .
 I used this camera for 3 days , and returned it back -LRB- to Amazon -RRB- yesterday.Why I returned it : - Everytime you take a picture with flash , the camera displays the picture for 3 seconds , after which it goes blank for 8-10 seconds . You can not take another picture till that time . - It takes 3-4 seconds to achieve focusSo imagine you 're taking a picture of your kid cutting his birthday cake , and someone stepped right into your frame ... you can not take another picture till 8-12 seconds until the flash is recharged , and it tries to focus again . By that time , the scene and moment are gone.I used to own a Canon A75 before -LRB- and a Canon A70 before that -RRB- , so I 'm a hard-core Canon user . But I am very disappointed with this camera . I would advise folks to check other forums on digital camera sites and then decide if they want to buy this camera or not . The user reviews are not pretty .
 I purchased a 510 PowerShot in summer of 2005 . After couple time of use the zoom on the cameras lens would n't work anymore . I cound ' t take any picture anymore . I contacted Canon over this and they ask me to pay shiping to send the camera to them to fix .
 It does the job it is designed to do but I keep forgetting to turn it off so the batteries keep running down . I had to replace it with transmitter that had dc plug in adapter
 I bought this so I could play my music from my IPAQ 6515 PDA/PHONE over my car radio . Due to the cell phone it has a mini audio jack so it required an additional adapter which it came with . However , It was almost impossible to keep the plug connected properly.I 've used it for my IPOD which has a standard headphone jack and it worked OK.For me it was n't worth the hassle or money
 I have used this product several times and have not yet had it work without static coming over the radio . Each time I used it there was substantial interference after just a song or two played.Also , if the unit moves or is moved during play , the player creates static or simply does not play .
 Does n't work so good -LRB- lots of static -RRB- and the cord where you plug in the Mp3 player broke and i had to fix it with electrical tape .
 I would hate to dis the seller/mfr of this product by mistake , as I have bought ink from a number of vendors here at Amazon . But I have to say , ALL of the cheap , and/or refurbished ink cartridges I have bought at Amazon have turned out to disappoint . If you can find the REAL , OEM ink for less , by all means buy it . I would never again buy anything but first run , new cartridges from the manufacturer.JUST KNOW THIS
 Unit would not be picked up by '' BY ANYCOMS BLUE TOOTH DONGLE '' ... ,
 Easy to follow instructions on the CD sleeve . It 's very comfortable for my average adult male hand . You do feel the lower left corner of the mouse where it flares out . That may bother some with smaller hands . It is symmetrical so lefties should like it . Good button feel and tracking . The default setting is as an ordinary scroll mouse , but if you double click the settings icon in your systray -LRB- lower right of your screen by the clock -RRB- , you can turn on the side buttons -LRB- internet explorer back and forward - or other cool choices -RRB- and adjust the scroll sensitivity . Attractive chrome-look fininsh if you like that kind of thing.It 's too early to say if it will be trouble free . I generally try to avoid Memorex products based on past troubles , but so far this one is a winner . Good combination of features for a plain mouse price . So if you 're looking for an optical mouse to replace your old mouse , give it a try . If you do n't like it , I 'm sure you know someone who 'll take it off your hand.Update
 This thing is less comfortable than a rock . I do n't know how anyone could sit on it . I sort of lean against mine while playing a tall instrument . That works unless I shift position which immediately leads to its falling over . I kept the stool because it folds down to a small size & is light weight , thus easy to transport . Otherwise I hate it .
 For a $ 75 portable stool I purchased specifically for its claims of ruggedness and durability , the fact that it separated at the hinge and a leg will not retract -- this is NOT OK . I am returning after ONE WEEK OF USE . Not recommended . I 'm not a big guy at 6foot9 '' tall and 160pounds heavy . This is NOT OK , and also upsetting because I really did like its concept weight and formfactor , but it ca n't fulfill its purpose in my life of allowing me to sit on it and trust it anywhere as claimed.Pros : + Seating mesh very thick and stiff nylon material + Adds almost no weight to year outdoor gear packCons : - Paid too much $ 75 I must 've lost my mind-Claimed durable but broke after first week ?! Bottom Line : Returning product for refund .
 I used it one time in the woods on a photo shoot . One of the top tubes bent and was unable to fold the seat up . It just does not hold up to real world use.It needs to be made stronger no doubt about it.PD
 Used very few times . One of the leg tube inserts bent and can not push the leg back into the tube insert to fold the chair for storage . To order a spare part -LRB- tube insert -RRB- , you must send cash to Sweden -LRB- see -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- , no USA support .
 Not worth your time if your a bigger person ... I got this item today and took it out of the box . Looked very neat and the mesh seat was made very well . However , the aluminum tubing frame was way under size and it was real flimsy as I put well under the max weight on it , not to mention that it was n't very nice on the jublies to boot ! . . Any-who , I printed out my return label and am sending it right back as I feel the quality is not up to par with the $ 104.99 price tag -LRB- maybe $ 10.99 -RRB- . Too much flex in the structural tubing just seemed like it would break when you needed it the most . It seems like they might be the maker of some of the cheaper walmart chairs .
 bought the walkstool xxl in the fall . used it first time this weekend feb6 , after less than five minute the upper section on one of legs snap in two . Since I ` am more than 200lb below the stool 550lb limit i was stunned by its failure . what a piece of junk . the section did n't bend , it snapped in two . the maker of this junk gives a run around to this issue
 I need a strong stool or chair to support 300 + lbs . . I will not buy a product unless the support rating is given . It is amazing a company would not know how important the support rating is for a stool and/or a chair . no sale .
 I would have given this piece of junk 0 stars but that seems to be impossible . It collapsed while I was fixing a TV and I landed flat on my back . -LRB- Only my bad reflexes kept me from hanging on to the TV and have it fall on me -RRB- . For a device rated at over 300 lbs this piece of equipment is truly GARBAGE . My wife , present when I took my fall , wanted me to sue the daylights out of the manufacturer but I am not the suing type and my mid back is beginning to feel better.DO NOT BUY THIS !!!!!!!
 I received this stool as a gift Dec-09 . After 1.5 years one of the legs broke and I sent an email to Lars at walkstool in sweden.He claims it was from abuse . Said I leaned over and put too much stress on one leg . I did not do that.Conclusion , save your money and buy a cheaper stool you can have two of those in the time this one lasted.I have seen this described as indestructible , IT IS NOT.Just thought I would add the last thing that Lars Andersson , president -LRB- what he said in the email to me -RRB- said to me when I was trying to get this issue worked out : `` P.S. I you think that Walkstool is not living up to even third party retailer , I suggest you throw it away and forget Walkstool for the rest of your life . Remember if a product brakes in any way , it has to be verified that it 's a quality issue , I e warranty issue . If not , there is normally no replacement . `` Again , this stool is only for PERFECTLY even ground . Where do you find that while camping or disc golfing . Buy the camp stool for 1/3 of the price and save your money !
 It is a quality product , deliver was prompt , but so was the return . I 'm over 6 ' and little over 300 # . The problem was that if I sat toward the rear the two poles poked me in the butt . If I sat in the middle the front post crushed the jewels . So if you do n't have a big butt you 'll find it is a very well made product .
 I wanted to say great things about this HOYA Filter , and primarily hoped it would cut through haze and U.V. effects as advertised . This product is positioned as a slightly higher end -LRB- Mid-Ranged -RRB- U.V. Camera Filter versus the low cost $ 10 - $ 20 type U.V. Filters which many of us have tried at least once because of their low cost . After installing , and trying this Lens Filter , my experience was that it not only `` did not '' improve the cutting through of haze and U.V. effects , it literally faded and flattened the coloring of the JPEG images . These images of course can be altered to your own desire -LRB- s -RRB- via various computer programs , however , having to perform this for nearly all photos is not my intent.Tests where from different lighting conditions , types of shots , and Camera settings -LRB- a Sony A55V/L -RRB- for testing in this case . In particular I had hoped for better Landscape Photos which just did not happen with this Filter , with little to NO change comparisons between this Filter and lower priced , perceived lower quality filters.Also , on my Filter , the Multi-Coating was NOT the greatest . Visible flashing/scaling of the coating surrounded the circumference of the glass where it meets the metal ring . Also , a couple flares of absence of coating in more middle parts of the glass . Hence sorry guys ... would have loved to say great things but can not on this one.Another reviewer stated these higher cost & positioned Hoya Filters as
 I 've wasted many hours trying to install and use the RAID features . I contacted SIIG for support and setup a `` trouble ticket '' that has never been responded to . I also called and got the run around from support.I asked them a simple question
 This card has promise & it is a good idea.I did my homework and checked their web site to read the manual online . I looked , but could n't find a review on the SIIG product.The problem ... I could not get it to see the 2 120GB Maxtor drives in a Dell Dimension 4400 with Windows XP.I tried it in an HP Pavilion 750n with 2 80GB drives , and it could see the drives , build the mirror , but not boot to Windows XP.Checked the web site for help , no good . Called tech support , not any help except to say that they have some `` BIOS issues '' . That was the end of it . Returned it to Amazon , and I am going to try Adaptec 's card . Unfortunately it is not a combo card like this one.Bottom line ... SIIG had little help in the manual , on the web site , and on the phone .
 I just returned my third Viewsonic V36 in less than two weeks . Here were the problems and reason I am not buying another one
 Based on the rebates and price drops for this product , it was high on my consideration list . That is , until I picked one up.The device is VERY plastic-feeling and flimsy . It does not feel solid at all , unlike the Palm Tungsten models or HP models . Many of the store models were banged up and very scratched . My current Palm has been banging around in my purse for two years and has no big scratches . Also of note , the salesperson told me that a high percentage of them were coming back defective . It also only comes with PocketPC 2002 , most of the new applications wo n't work on this device.The screen is slightly smaller than most PDAs on the market now . It was hard to read in some brighter areas of the store , so I can imagine it would be horrible outside.It has great features for this price range , including the built in camera . But the resolution leaves MUCH to be desired . The sound is so-so on it without the headphones on , you ca n't put it up high or it sounds muffled . I was not able to test it with headphones on , so I ca n't tell you much about volume , etc.If this is your first PDA , it 's a good starting point . I would n't expect it to last more than a year or two of moderate use , it just does n't seem built solidly enough . Keep in mind , that you do get what you pay for with this model . If you 're looking to get a pocketpc for just contact management , go with a lower-end model and save some money . If multimedia is your thing - skip this and get an ipaq or Clie.There are many sales and rebates going on now at different sites . Palm Zire 71 for the multimedia capabilities it offers , has some great rebates . Also , windows is offering many on its PocketPC devices . After all , you want a PDA that you can use effectively , not one you worry about breaking or banging up , right ? ** edit to add that several months later my two friends that bought this model were both so disapointed at performance that they went and bought different brands/different models ! ** If my review was helpful to you please vote for it . If you have any questions you can shoot me an IM at `` WinterGetsMe '' Thanks !
 I have brought this V36 from Compusa and I have had to return twice within 3 months . This unit is overpriced for its features and capablities . If you are thinking of buying this product I would recommend buying eaither a HP Pocket PC or a Dell Pocket PC . Also if you are thinking about putting a Wi-Fi -LRB- SD -RRB- Card and using it to access the internet and e-mails I would extremly advise you not to buy this product.But in saying this all the camera included in this PDA takes great pictures and even takes long video shoots.So far Compusa has stopped selling the product and I have recently brought a Dell Axim X30 which works great .
 Bought it on Amazon.com but there was a bad pixel on the screen . Exchanged for another one , still many problems :1 . About 4 out of 5 attempts to synchronize with desktop computer failed ; 2 . The record button does n't work ; 3 . Sometimes can not turn off or turn on the unit ; 4 . One leg of the battery cover was broken after a few uses.The design is horrible ; Product looks very cheap ; the built-in camera takes mediocre pictures . However , the screen is bright and vivid , which seems to the only thing impressed me .
 This is a very nice unit . The screen is clear the memory expandable , the price just right . THE MAJOR DRAWBACKS are that the computer burns out after 6-7 months leaving you high and dry with the company . The secondary battery fails even when you have the unit plugged into the charger erasing all of you files and system memory . -LSB- ... -RSB- I would go with something that has a reputation for working longer than a goldfishes memory .
 I purchased this product and within 2 months it starts to behave in a strange way , out of no where . It goes from working perfectly to shutting down without warning . I contacted Tech Support , with them providing a method of re-starting , but of course I lose all information data . It restarts but only for a few days , then shuts down and will not re-start . This continues for 5 months . I communicate again with Tech Support , they give instructions for sending unit in to be checked . They call me stating unit is not covered under warranty due to a cracked display , which was not the case at all when I very carefully packaged and shipped it . It was in `` like new '' condition , had never been dropped nor mishandled . The cost to repair was $ 270.00 !! I refused to go with that option and will never buy another of their products . In my opinion their customer service and tech support is lousy and certainly not trustworthy . There are too many other good choices of products out there to have to worry about being `` hung out to dry '' with a worthless warranty .
 I brought this right before Christmas based on Internet reviews . I was very pleased with the V36 until after a few days when it started to shut itself off to where I had to do a soft reset . It does n't do it all the time and sometimes does n't happen for days . Its not a terrible thing , I do n't loose any data but it is somewhat inconvenient when you want to jot down a quick note . I called Viewsonic and they sent me a replacement . After a few days the replacement started doing the same thing . I email Veiwsonics tech support and they said that it is a problem that they are working on . Recently -LRB- I 've only had this replacement for about a month -RRB- this new replacement has started a new thing where the screen starts getting fuzzy and then nonresponsive to where I have to do a soft reset . When my V36 works , it works great and the little camera is nifty but not something that I would take a family photo with .
 I received this subwoofer as a gift after my JBL 12 '' subwoofer went bad . Although I appreciated the gift , it is not a good sub for a large basement home theater . It is too small and does not provide deep base . If you just want to add some base to an inexpensive set of satellite speakers this may be the sub for you . However , its size and depth do not compare to its more expensive competitors .
 For the price you simply can not beat it ; however , the quality is lacking . It died after only three years of usage . My father was right - when it comes to a stereo system , go for the quality . Highly quality items will last you longer and give you more enjoyment .
 This sub sounded OK in my small apartment but after about a year it stopped working , i took it apart and part of the circuit board on the internal amp was burned . obviously is was not very high quality .
 This was a great card , but as of Jan. 2008 it is far outperfomed by other cards , but its price has not dropped to reflect this . It is perhaps worth $ 15 .
 This card failed and needed to be returned to Lexar . It 's been there two weeks already ; online support suggest it should arrive this week . There 's no good reason it should take longer than a day to test the card and send a new one . -LRB- Not to mention I 'm out the cost of sending it their via Fedex -RRB- . This is the only memory card device I 've ever known that 's failed . That include my own collection of devices -LRB- over a dozen -RRB- , and probably hundreds of other cards owned by friends and relatives.I bought Lexar because it was a premium brand with a good reputation . In my opinion , at least , that reputation is not deserved.UPDATED : I finally received the replacement card , only to find it was defective as well ! So much for QA at Lexar.After complaining loudly to technical support , things improved somewhat . They took back the card -LRB- again -RRB- , but this time at their expense -LRB- they provided a Fedex acct number -RRB- and shipped a replacement card overnight . I 'm still not thrilled , but if you complain enough , you 'll get reasonable service.Still 1 star , still not a great card , but at least their service department deserves recognition for trying .
 We bought our Sony Bravia less than 3 months ago , and sometimes it wo n't turn on and the red Lamp light goes on . Apparently we need to get a new lamp -LRB- which costs $ 250 -RRB- ! Sony sucks .
 Mine worked great for 80 days and now it is dead . The lamp light is on and there is no picture . 8000 hours lamp life ? I figure mine was was more like 300 hours . The owners manual says contact Sony for a replacement bulb but they do n't seem to have them available on the web site . They have them for similar models for $ 200 - $ 300 . Great .
 These speakers , if you want to call them that , Suck . You can only hear them if you are in perfectly quiet situations.I recommend that you do n't buy them .
 After I 'd used mine regularly but not constantly for about three months , it developed a high-pitched whine that hurt my ears and gave me a headache . It was also annoying that there was no light to remind me to turn the switch off and stop draining the battery , but that 's probably typical of this kind of product . I like the size and shape of it , and the sound quality was adequate for my needs -LRB- listening to podcasts -RRB- but it just did n't last .
 The reviews above are deceiving . I bought this to use with my 80g video ipod while sitting outside in my backyard . I do n't need a lot of volume but the volume on this speaker is nil . Not worth it , the only good thing is the size , but it is unusable . It was a waste of money . I have a mini am/fm radio that sounds better than this . I 've seen great reviews on this item and reviews that totally hate it , I decided to gamble and order it anyway , thinking , how bad can it be ? It is worse than bad . If I could give it negative stars , I would
 It 's indeed very portable and super light in weight even when including the 1 AA batrery . But I totally agree with one of the above reviewers regarding the volume . `` The sound is small like mosquito '' as what we would say in the Chinese language . And the quality of the sound is very poor , too . With same amount of the money , you can buy other potable speakers with much better quality . I am browsing now to get a better one .
 Very heavy for a case of this size . The aluminum is nice , but probably overkill for protecting memory cards . I wo n't end up using it .
 The battery lasts 35 hrs so you may not need a charger . I bought this one as I read reports of so many problems with other ones that I decided to stick with the brand one . It doens ' t appear any different & is a lot of money for just a charger .
 The product states they work with the cannon multipass f80 and it does not.As a matter of fact the actual received product states on each cartridge the products that it supports and the multipass f80 is not listed.I am out $ 53 and am left trashing a bunch of unused ink cartridges.I thought I could trust the dealers on Amazon and have had great success until now.I would not buy this product or shop with this dealer
 I bought this to review the quality compared to much more expensive and name branded grids . You get what you pay for on this . Flimsy grids , cheap Velcro and easily rips .
 I ordered a slide projector to review old slides and a replacement lamp as suggested . The firm sent two slide projectors and no lamp . P.s. the slide projector costs more than the lamp so it was carelessness rather than greed .
 Returned immediately ! A one dollar item that somebody was trying to make eight dollars from selling . Thanks to Amazon for refunding me so quickly .
 I believe I received the wrong replacement lamp for the slide viewer I purchased . It has a small base -LRB- like a Christmas tree light -RRB- and looks nothing like the picture . The slide viewer works very well ; however , it did not come with a lightbulb , so I had to go buy one from the store upon receiving the slide viewer . It would have been nice if the slide viewer would have said it did n't come with a bulb . Thanks .
 Shipping cost more than the bulb which I could have picked-up at any hardware store .
 Look around before for you send for this because the postage is almost more than the item .
 Do not buy an extra bulb for the 3 in 1 photo/negative/slide scanner . The scanner now uses an LED for illumination , hence a bulb is not needed .
 I am not sure about this particular Monster cable.This is the third one I am buying , and I am having problems . I bought the first one many months ago , it looks professional , sturdy and heavy duty , but the performance is questionable . One female channel was not working right from the beginning -LRB- intermittent lose connection -RRB- , but I kept the product anyway . I bought another cable just recently and it came defective -LRB- one channel not working -RRB- . I sent it back and within a few days they send me a brand new one . I have not tried out the new one yet , I hope it works .
 the wall charger works fine but the car charger does not work for the iphone , it works on other USB charging units but NOT the iphone
 Easy to plug in , but less than 48 hours after installing , the headphone jack apparently broke free . Now you have to press the headphone plug to the side to get sound out of it . I will be looking into RMA'ing it after typing this review .
 i bought it on Sun 5/18/08 8:34 PM , i paid rush 3days shipping and i have n't received !! today is 5/27/08
 Cost to return equals cost to buy another . Lousy product selection , Amazon , and equally lousy return policy . Come to find out Amazon does not carry the cable I need for the TomTom I have had for six months . Product title of &#34; TomTom USB Cable &#34; is insufficient , Amazon . Not so sure this error was all my fault . Feel free to send me the right cable and update your product descriptions to ensure I am the last sucker to order the wrong cable from you . Given the investment you have made in information technology and management it is surprising you allowed this to happen , but shame on me for trusting you.Was a regular customer .
 New in original packaging ? No . It was in a zipped bag and clearly used . The worst part ? It does n't even fit my Tom Tom GPS ! Complete dissatisfaction ... not even worth the headache of sending back .
 how can i review somthing i have not as yet recived ? so i guess if you was ever to send me this product , i could then be able to give my review !
 You people sent me one that fits like it should sideways and one that has to be pushe in to work and I had a few of those.I needed two of the side push in type .
 I am a thrifty buyer and I saw these tweeters for sale I previously had some pyle tweeters and thought this would be a good upgrade , but unless you have a car that has an absolutely powerful these speakers emit such a high frequency that it mutes out the rest of you system . I would recommend something with an adequate RMS level that matches the total power output .
 GENTLEMEN AMAZON THIS ARTICLE EVEN HAS NOT COME TO ME AND I HAVE ASKED FOR THE REPLACEMENT OR REFUND OF THE COST.REGARDS , MARCO RIVAS
 I got the pyle driver piezo tweeters and they arrived broken in the package.I figured forget it , would cost more sending em back then throwing em away.I suggest nobody buy these things , you 'd only be wasting your loot .
 The only good thing I can state about this item is the option to do black & white internally . That was nice . Within 2 months of purchase the charger stopped working completely so I could n't charge it . Also almost every picture I took blurred unless I had perfect lighting . I purchased this camera from Office Depot which I also highly recommend not doing . When I told them about my problems with the camera -LRB- I bought a protection plan and was completely lied to about the perks of the plan -RRB- they told me I could wait a year -LRB- or at this time 10 months -RRB- to get a gift card for the store for the amount of the camera ... so I had to go out and spend extra money to replace this camera . A lot of effort for a camera I wished I had never purchased .
 I had the most abysmal experience with this camera 's charger . First of all , the battery never seemed to be able to hold a charge . After a few shots , the indicator would read `` battery low . '' Being fairly new to digital cameras , I thought this was a common experience . But after charging the battery a few times , it seemed that the charger broke , and would not recharge the battery at all . The red indicator light on the charger would stay on and never turn green . Frustrated , I took to the Internet , only to discover many other folks who experienced the exact same problem with this particular model . In addition , it seems Vivitar consistently gets low marks not only for its digital camera products , but also for its customer service . Needless to say , I wo n't be purchasing another one of their products again , and I have a new , highly-rated Panasonic on its way.In its defense , the camera actually did take decent photos , while it worked . I 'm not a professional or even a serious amateur by any means , and most of my shots are casual ; also , as an amateur botanist I take close-ups of plants and flowers . This camera was fine for that ; unfortunately , because of the charger/battery issues , it seems to have a very limited use potential . For that reason , I ca n't give it more than one star . I understand that this model is no longer in production , so do n't waste your money on a used one , even at a bargain price .
 If you want to take pictures of flowers or other non moving objects , this camera could be just fine.However , the first and second shot delays are abysmal . In other words , unless the object you want to shoot is completely inanimate , forget about it . It is also horrid in low light.And the deal breaker
 This model is my third Olympus . My old ones have superior battery life but not this one . It 's batteries need a recharge after 35 images , max , although I do n't use the large viewer and turn off the anti-shake . Then I have to charge them 2 or 3 times to get them to work . I was using Sony and Energizer 2500Mah with poor results , so The company accepted it back as flawed . The replacement is the same . I then ordered the Olympus charger and batteries recommended for this camera , and they are no better . What 's funny is , my daughters Canon Supershot -LRB- same Mpix , anti-shake , large videos -RRB- worked fine on my `` spent '' batteries.A lot of `` noise '' is evident in images taken in low light . The high ISO which is supposed to help in low light , actually makes it worse.All my Olympus cameras are well made and easy to use , though the internal battery died in one after 3 years , so I have to redo my settings every time I change the battery . There are better cameras out there . I wish I 'd gotten something else .
 I bought this camera because of the 18mm - 18x zoom after reading several reviews of the camera . I currently have the Sony H5 , with a 35mm - 12x zoom . I was very disappointed in the quality of the photos of the Olympus and sent it back . I did a direct comparison of both cameras , taking identical shots . The Olympus produced soft images that bordered on blurry , with colors more muted than the Sony . The Sony has a 3 '' LCD screen , which is much nicer than the Olympus 2.5 '' screen . I thought there would be a big difference between the wide angle and zoom of the two cameras , but the poor picture quality was n't worth the extra wide angle and zoom -LRB- which were n't that different from the Sony after all -RRB- . Finally , Olympus cameras have a strange flash function - you must manually raise the flash if the flash is needed - it does n't happen automatically as it does in most other large zoom cameras . If you do n't remember to raise the flash , you end up missing the shot . Bottom line - buy the Sony .
 Olympus cameras will corrupt xD cards when using video . I sent an email which they ignored . I called and was told I had to send the camera back with the card , and a full explanation ! I had to pay shipping -LRB- camera was 2 months old . They returned the camera and did nothing with the xD card . I called and spoke to a supervisor who said he would ship the card so would have it in 2 days ! I got it 10 days later!Their service stinksOlympus SP-510 Ultra Zoom 7.1 MP Digital Camera with Digital Image Stabilized 10x Optical Zoom
 I purchased this exact same Olympus camera one month ago for $ 100.00 cheaper at Sam 's club here in Colorado.I paid $ 270.00 . I will say that they sold very fast and they are out of stock here in Colorado .
 The Camera has broken 2 times already and customer support is horrible . I have already paid for this camera in full 2 times.I sent it in to Olympus and they offered to fix it at a reduced rate of 110 dollars plus shipping . The camera never was fixed correctly and I tried to email them several times to no avail . I finally got a hold of them by phone and they said they would send shipping info and it never came . After several calls the info finally came and I was able to ship it in.After 15 days I still never heard back from Olympus so I called them again and they told me it would cost another 180 dollars to fix it . They stated that the warranty was expired and I should have tried harder to get a hold of them . They refused to fix the problem and wo n't tell me what is wrong with the camera . Again they offered the reduce the rate but I do not want to put any more money into this camera , I already have paid over 600 dollars for this camera.Olympus customer service is horrible and they are not willing to work with the customer .
 I bought this camera 11 months ago . From time to time , I 've had to turn it off and re-power it to get rid of error messages . About two weeks ago , I tried to use it and kept getting `` Zoom Error '' messages before it quickly shut itself off . I sent it to Olympus and they advised me the rim of the lens was scuffed , claiming I had dropped it and voided the warranty . They wanted $ 181.28 -LRB- almost 2/3 the original cost -RRB- to repair it ! Number one , I did not drop it . I have no doubt the lens rim might be a little scuffed as I used it professionally and did not always keep it in a case . Number two , they did n't have the courtesy to call or email but sent it snail mail . The camera takes good pictures when it 's working but if you are depending on Olympus making good the warranty , do n't bother .
 This product was easy to install on our small office network , but then we hit the following snag : We wanted to set up seperate secure folders for each user , so that one user can not access another user 's folder . I checked that the Buffalo has this feature before buying it.The problem is that this rather basic function only works if the username and password for the Linkstation are the same as the username and password for Windows XP login . While this does n't sound like a big problem , three factors make this a real pain :1 -RRB- this is not mentioned anywhere in the product manual or website ; 2 -RRB- Linkstation does not allow all XP usernames and passwords ; ie , most windows XP user names are , well , the user 's name -LRB- `` John Smith '' -RRB- , but the Linkstation does not allow spaces in user names , so you have to change all of your XP user names to use secure directories on the Linkstation . Also , the Linkstation only allows passwords of up to 8 characters , while XP allows much longer passwords/phrases .3 -RRB- In order to back up your computer once a month on the Linkstation , you 've got to create an XP login and use it every time you boot up your computer.Looks like a good product for single users , but beware of the issues above if you plan to use the secure folders feature.UPDATE -- January 25 , 2005After trying to use this device for a couple of days , looks like I 'll be sending it back . In addition to the problems identified above , the Linkstation keeps disappearing from the network and periodically does not allow users to log in to their secure folder -LRB- all of this even after a firmware upgrade -RRB- . Very disappointing.Tom
 I bought this hoping it would solve my problems needing a print server and file server.The print server has no setting besides changing the name of the printer . No documentation on it as well . I bought a linksys print server and was able to customize it so everyone in the office was able to connect with NO problems using windows , mac osx , mac os 9 and linux.As far as the file server , the permissions are limited to folder level . I bought it to ease my pain trying to work with windows 2003 woes and permissions . When I called tech support asking how to set one user with read/write permission and everyone else with read only ... they said it was n't possible . I tried for hours thinking there was a way around it . Nope.Use the linksys nslu2 system if you want something that is SO easy and effective . The speed may be higher on this unit due to ide vs usb2 but the interface is years behind a well polished company like linksys .
 The Buffalo Tech LinkStation is poorly designed . While it works better under the Mac OS -LRB- there 's still a problem with long file names under OS X -RRB- , under Windows there are multiple problems that are unsolveable.Forget about using long files names as the LinkStation ca n't handle them!Forget about setting up password protected multiple Users unless you are prepared to change the User Names and Passwords on all your Users ' PCs -- and even then you 'll have problems!The LinkStation can not accommodate USER NAMES with a space , such as `` first name '' SPACE `` last name '' as in JOE USER . Since Windows user names typically are two words with a space , this is a problem that is unsolveable.This product and its technical support leave MUCH to be desired . Perhaps a future firmware update will solve the very poorly designed USER Name and PASSWORD setup protocols so they coincide with typical Windows protocols . Until then , the product does n't work , and the documentation is just as bad as the product design.Look elsewhere as the Buffalo LinkStation is more trouble than it is worth , especially for the small business with multiple PCs . It just does n't work !
 Poor documentation , poor support -- in fact , none now . Took forever to get this stupid thing connected and working -- working for a short time before the PC/network would n't recognize it anymore . Tried on another computer , same thing , got it working once and then no longer after the first reboot . Windows 7 - forget it . The money spent on this went right down the drain . Wo n't buy anything from Buffalo again .
 I read a lot of reviews before buying this product ; Some good , some bad . I decided to take the risk and buy it . Well , this risk did n't pay off ! The product looks nice and does n't look complicated until you power it up . The unit runs a linux type operating system and uses a filing system not up to par with Windows XP and Mac OS X . Many of my files , both pc and mac format , can not be copied because of odd characters in the title . The hard drive can not be formated to NTFS or HFS + either-it can only be the linux format , which is done through the html settings . Also , I have had some trouble with the unit not wanting to respond-every once in a while it will hang up . What 's worse is when that happens , I have to unplug the power cord to reset the thing ! I have had nothing but headaches from the linkstation and Buffalo Tech is no help . I seriously doubt they will release any updates to the firmware . I will probably end up pulling out the 160GB -LRB- which is more like 153GB -RRB- hard drive and place it in an external enclosure . Overall , I am very dissapointed with this product .
 Like all the other reviews here , I agree that the support material is calamitous . The pdf manual -- which is a disaster -- is not even bookmarked . Seems as if they could n't be bothered . After some trial and error I have this working perfectly on a personal laptop but Tech Support told me it 's unlikely to work on my company laptop -- I 'm not able to change from a Domain to a Work Group . Maybe an FTP system will work for me -- if not , it 's going back .
 Certainly an economical way to add network attached storage to any SOHO environment . Plus , on-board SAMBA implementation allows device to participate in Microsoft Windows domain security.Buffalo made the financial decision to ship LinkStations with version 1.43 of the device firmware KNOWING FULL WELL THAT IT IS BROKEN . In fact , they tried to fix it by releasing 1.44 , but that version was also buggy so they removed it from their website . Problems include
 If you 're looking for a good iPod speaker system , keep looking . The sound quality is noticably terrible even for this price , and I am not that picky . There is constant buzzing in the background . . gets louder as you crank it up . Especially noticable between songs . The music sounds very ` boxy ' and muted . My laptop does a better job definitely.Whats worse is the alarm clock . You can wake to the iPod which would be great if the loudness of the alarm would n't wake up the whole house ! You ca n't adjust the volume of the alarm beforehand and it gets SUPER loud . I tried leaving the iPod volume and the system 's volume very low . . nope still too loud . And the buzzer alarm sounds like a foghorn `` dooot '' it 's horrible . The radio transmission is just as low quality , there is always buzzing and my other radio does n't do that in the very same room.There is a remote , but it 's poorly designed . Still it 's slim and cute , just one more problem . It does n't read the remote until you 're only 10 feet away . At that point I can just walk up to it and push the buttons . : -LRB- Also , the LCD screen is ridiculously bright . It lights the room when the lights are turned off . Its basically a strong nightlight.I do n't recommend this if you care about the sound quality from your iPod . If you 're having a party and this would be the main speaker system , your guests will not be impressed . Buy something more expensive - you get what you pay for.Recommended for people 's younger aged kids who have iPods . You can put it in their room . I mean , it still produces sound , and at lower volumes , may be acceptable . If they 're not too picky , this might be good . And it doubles as a nightlight!Pros : Good lookingEasy to usehas a remote , alarm clock , and am/fm radio w/10 presetsCons : LCD screen too brightbad sound qualityalarm clock TOO loudremote uselessDONT BUY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR GREAT SOUNDOverall , for the price , it delivers what you paid for . But there have to be better systems even for this price . Try the iBlaster , less features but better sound .
 I bought this lens unit to use with the recommended Swann C500 CCD Color camera . The lens and camera work , of course , but the auto iris function did not . I ended up installing a manually adjustable iris lens . The lens system seems loosely assembled and therefore the focus and zoom functions are very touchy to control.Customer support from Swann -LRB- located in Australia -RRB- was for me , non-existent . This unit resides in my junk box .
 Got this for Christmas . Looks great . The sound has average clock radio sound overall . However , at low volumes and especially at no volume a noticeable hum emanates from the speakers . If the thing is on your nightstand , you ca n't help but be terribly annoyed by this deafening hum . As for the controls , they are arranged well enough , but the volume and tuning controls implement two separate push-buttons each . Would have been better to have dials . Also , the LED is too bright , even on the `` dimmest '' setting . Finally , if you plan on using your 5th Gen iPod with the thing , you better still have the adapter that came with it
 Shame on AMAZON to allow this vendor to sell products ! The `` new '' radio I purchased was actually `` used '' . Not only that it was defective ! The vendor gave me my money back - but did not refund shipping and handling ! Seems to me then have a great racket going - send out defective merchandise - charge for shipping and an outrageous handling fee - keep the handling fee and shipping on those that complain and do it all over again to the next sucker!SHAME ON AMAZON for supporting this vendor !
 When I decided I needed a new alarm clock right off the bat I wanted one that was a Ipod dock , after a bit of searching I found this model on clearance for 12.00 -LRB- Warning sign -RRB- , So I went for it , got it home and it came with all the docks for all the various Ipods whathaveyou , So I plugged this badboy in and played some tunes ! The sound quality is very nice and that 's about all I can say positive for it.The device keeps time accurate within oh , 20 minutes despite resetting and changing the time many times , but that does not matter as , The alarm has failed so much I do n't even use it as a alarm anymore I use my Ipod touch as a alarm , Thankfully the failures of the alarm have just got me yelled at instead of fired.This thing is bright , on lowest setting it 's still like looking at the sun and you could read by it , on it 's highest setting you can land planes by it.Using the radio will qualify you to work at NASA , it requires so many multiple steps it is easier to set the time -LRB- which I used to do daily -RRB- than listen to music in poorer quality than the Ipod , but wait to use the Ipod is just as bad with various switches and slides required.I feel ripped off at 12.00 and as of this writing there is a new one for sale for 100 large and I feel sorry for the unfortunate soul who buys it .
 This has to be one of the lousiest products I have ever used . This was given to me as a gift , and I will just be taking it right to the goodwill store . The clock does not set itself as advertised . The buttons are really plasticky . The on-off button does n't seem to work . But the worst problem is the sound quality.This is meant to be an iPod speaker dock . It docks , and it plays through the speakers , but it sounds like you are holding a very fluffy pillow over the speakers . Just to be sure there was n't something wrong with the amplifier , I connected a set of external speakers via the headphone jack , and it sounded fine that way . So its not the amplifier , or the ipod connection at all . Just the speakers . I did n't expect a Bose experience or anything , but the sound was just horrible and unlistenable . Half of the music was inaudible . Worthless.This is from Emerson - that bastion of mid-80 's woodgrained crappy clock radios and cheap walkmans that you could find at the CVS , but now they have the word `` Research '' attached to their name . Right . Just because it has an ipod dock does n't mean it sounds good.Do not purchase this item . It is crap .
 Nice sounding radio for FM and the iPod . However , FM selectivity is n't too good . Large city dwellers will have interference problems picking up weaker stations , since this radio , like most sold today , has a cheap tuner system . Ditto with the AM band.Emerson has sent me 3 replacements over the past several months . Here are some problems encountered
 Very dissapointed with the performance of this product . The look , features , functionality & price had me very excited initially . A few months after purchase the unit malfunctioned & I could no longer get the iPod player to work . They replaced it after I paid another $ 9 - warranty policy . The 2nd unit failed after a few months again - same problem . Had to pack it up and send the 2nd one back with another $ 9 . Originally paid $ 79 at Target so now I 'm into this model for about a C-note . I do n't like the odds that this 3rd unit is going to last long . I think I 'm going to take it back to Target & exchange for something else I can put some faith in !
 As the other reviewers said , this item has an intolerable buzz . I bought one in a store , it worked fine , so I purchased a second one for a gift here . Mine had no buzz . The one from Amazon arrived with a very loud buzz . The online reviews warned me , but the one at home worked OK , so `` go figure '' . After two weeks , the one at home failed completely -LRB- the clock , presets , radio , etc. ceased to function . -RRB- The `` gift '' unit with the buzz could n't be corrected . Both units have been returned .
 BUYER BEWARE - The description might state that it is compatible with any dockable iPod model , but that is not true . After receiving the product and going thru the manual I was dismayed to find that it is only compatible with iPod models available November 2006 or before , rendering it useless for my iPod Touch . Also , as other reviewers have pointed out , the FM reception is terrible . If I held the AC cord in my hand , I could receive 2 FM stations , otherwise I had absolutely no FM reception at all . I just received this last night , and will be returning it today .
 Consider the Sony Model
 I * REALLY * wanted to like this unit . I lived with it for 3 nights . But it 's just got too many * FATAL * flaws :1 . The `` DIM '' setting for the display is more like `` SEARCHLIGHT '' . `` BRIGHT '' is like `` SUNLAMP '' . I have a half-dozen or so other clock radios in the house -LRB- bedrooms , kitchen , family room -RRB- and all of them have an appropriate `` DIM '' settings . With this puppy , you can read a book by the light it gives off . So Emerson totally missed the boat on this one . Also - I was unable to reliably get the iPod backlight to stay off at night with the unit playing - sometimes it would go off by itself - sometimes I had to fiddle with it - other times I could not get it to go off and had to throw a towel over the thing to cut the light output . Do n't know if that 's Emerson 's fault or not2 . The FM radio reception is AWFUL . I live 3-4 miles from the transmitter tower . Just standing between the radio and the tower - the signal cuts out completely . My old RCA clock radio does n't have this problem . Nor does any other radio in the house .3 . The sound is ... well ... table-radio at best . I did n't expect $ 10K sound system surround sound - but my rinky-dink RCA -LRB- that I 'm trying to replace -RRB- sounds 10 times better than this . Very muddy and over emphasized bass and almost no high end.ON THE UP SIDE - The unit looks nice - it 's the right size and shape . The iPod dock is very well engineered.The controls you will need -LRB- on/off , snooze , volume -RRB- are easy to find by touch . Although - they all make a loud CLICK when you push them . Not what you want when someone else is sleeping next to you and you 're just trying to turn the thing off.The `` auto setting clock '' and the rather sophisticated alarm options -LRB- weekday , weekend or both -RRB- is snappy.The `` beep '' alarm is very nice . Does n't jar you awake - build slowly . The no-touch snooze is also slick - but one you cover it with a towel to block the light - it 's sort of defeats the purpose.BUT as an iPod speaker system - it 's awful . As a radio - it 's awful . It 's like they had different teams work on different aspects of the design . Some of the designers did an outstanding job - others took a vacation.I gave it 1 star , because you ca n't give it a 0 and I upped it to 2 stars because the `` CLOCK '' portion of this unit is VERY NICE . If all you need is a large , really cool looking clock that will charge your iPod - then this is the unit for you ! Just do n't turn on the sound.I do n't know what I will get now ... but I 'm looking at the iLUV and iHOME .
 When I bought this radio iPods were a new thing and so was this radio , probably Christmas 2005 or 2006 . I think I paid somewhere between $ 100 & $ 150 for this radio as at the time it was new technology . Within a year the buttons on the radio stopped working , only the remote control was able to control the radio , the sound quality is n't great , and you have to use your iPod/iPhone controls to select songs as the radio 's controls do not control the iPod itself other than volume , pause or skipping to another song . It still works to this day via the remote control although it does n't work that well . I plan on purchasing a new radio soon , this one will likely end up on the wrong side of my rifle 's cross hairs in the woods with bullet holes in it as soon as my new radio hits the shelf . I see it for sale at about 1/7th of the original price which is what it 's worth , I feel like a sucker paying over $ 100 for this piece of garbage . If you 're looking for a cheap unreliable radio that wo n't work for very long , this is it ! If you want something quality look at Bose products .
 Do n't waste your time . I rarely write Amazon reviews , but potential buyers with older iPods need to be warned
 Radio reception not the greatest and the display is so bright I can read by it .
 This unit has a lot of nice features , but it also obviously has major quality issues.I did not buy this at Amazon , it was a selection from my company 's service awards.I did read the other reviews here at Amazon and elsewhere , but I decided to try it anyway , since the other choices were even less appealing . I was hoping I 'd get a good one . No such liuck.the good -- good feature set , decent sound for a clock radio , but too heavy on bass , ipod dock and player , the unit looks nice and matches my black ipod nicelythe bad -- 1 -RRB- intolerable hum even WITHOUT the ipod in the dock . hum is always there when unit is on any -- radio , ipod or aux . if you 're buying this for a kitchen , you might be able to ignore . But as a beside alarm or trying to use the sleep feature , the hum swamps low level classical or background music . this ALONE is a killer . The only good news is the hum does go away when powered off or snoozing . I suspect a poor design filtering the a/c power while trying to use the cord as an antenna .2 The display is FAR too bright for bedside , plus my dimmer switch did NOTHING .3 no adjustments for treble/bass or balance . With the ipod you can use the equalizer -LRB- since it has no effect on the hum -RRB- but you 're stuck with the radio . it has heavy bass for a clock radio , actually too muchall things considered , if you want this for the bedroom , DONT buy it . you might be able to look past it 's major flaws for other uses .
 I bought one of these at 20 % off at a Comp-USA that was closing , and boy , did I get rooked . The thing lasted a total of three weeks -- two of which I was out of town and not using it -- before giving up the ghost . Now it 's as silent as a paperweight , regardless of whether I try to just listen to the radio or play something on my ipod . It DOES make a nifty , ultra-expensive clock on which to rest your ipod when you DO N'T want to listen to it , though.Do yourself a favor and buy something from a reputable , competent manufacturer . I 've had bad luck with Emerson Research garbage in the past , but evidently did n't learn my lesson well enough .
 I did n't buy mine from Amazon.I was dissapointed in this unit.The first unsit did n't seem to put out much noise out of the right speaker , so I took it to the store to exchange it.The one I have now is the same way.Hardly any music comes out of the right speaker plus the remote does n't work .
 i bought the emerson thing for an ipod docking station and more importantly clock radio . while it realy has some cool features -LRB- auto set time , 2 alarms , weekday/weekend settings -RRB- the product doesnt work . the system refuses to be able to control my ipod from the dock or the remote . i need to use the controls on the ipod to turn it on , pause , swiqtch song etc. i even returned my first defective unit and the replacement is just as bad . to make sure it wasnt my mistake i even called emerson after the first unit and they said the product was defective . 0/2 is a pretty bad streak ... im trying iHome , stay away
 I bought this item about six months ago . I thought it would fit the bill , boy was I wrong . First of all , you can never memorize the buttons , there are just to many and laid out terribly . I am constantly hitting the wrong button or need a light in order to see what I am hitting.Secondly and most unfortunelly , instead of charging my IPOD it drains it . Now this may be a malfunction , but I replaced my IPOD because it kept having issues , well it was n't the IPOD it was this lousy radio.Don ' t - Do n't - Do n't buy this !
 I purchased this clock radio to use with my 3rd generation iPod . I received it and it could not play my iPod . I emailed Emerson and they said this radio is incompatible with 3rd gen iPods . It says in the product description compatible with all dockable iPods . My iPod came with a dock so should n't it be dockable . The radio even came with the correct dock adapter for my iPod , so if it is n't compatible why would they waste their money and put that in with the radio .
 Bought this and returned to iHome IH-5 -LRB- IH-7 unavailable at the time -RRB- because the alarm controls are tiny little buttons on the right side of the case -LRB- instead of the top -RRB- . Rarely did I set the alarm correctly ; always had to pick up the whole box to set - the controls should be ON TOP !! WHERE THEY CAN BE RELIABLY USED !
 The earlier reviewer is dead-on in his description . This clock radio has amazing features when comparing it to the other contenders on the market . I was impressed by the dual alarms which can be set for weekends , weekdays , or both . The analog in is also a nice feature , as is the overall design and remote control.Of course none of this matters in the least , since anything you listen to while the unit is on has an extremely audible hum to it . Whether it 's the radio or the ipod setting , the minute the unit is turned on the very annoying humming starts.Given that most people will be using this to wake up to in the morning , I would caution against purchasing it unless you enjoy feeling like there 's a small ufo hovering next to your ear while listening to whatever 's playing on your ipod . This product only has 2 online `` real '' reviews thus far from iprong and elsewhere , but unless emerson fixes the buzzing I 'd recommend saving your money for the next best thing that comes along .
 This is a very good looking system . It is painted in piano black , very shiny , very classy . I 'm very impressed with the many functions of this alarm clock like 20 station presets , touchless snooze , remote control , covered Ipod connector ... Most of those functions , iTone 's competitors like iHome , iWake , iLuv , JBL Ontime do n't have.However , all those functions count for nothing as the iTone has the most horrible speakers I had ever heard from . There is a constant buzz/hum/static noise that accompanies the music every time you play . Radio , Ipod , Aux , headphone ... they all have noise.Without the noise , this would easily be the best Ipod dockable alarm radio currently.Update
 Everything started well . Good sound , lots of features . But it only plays one song from the playlist for the wakeup alarm . After only one month of owning it it started to fritz out . Playing one and a half songs , two and a half , one half , -LRB- random wakeup playbacks -RRB- , finally it automatically set itself to nap mode and the alarm started going off every 60 seconds and nothing would stop it . Even tried unplugging it and pulling out the battery , then reassembling it . It never stopped resetting itself to nap mode ! It has been an awful experience .
 Groping for the alarm button in the morning is not easy . There are way too many buttons too close together make it user hostile.We returned external speakers we bought for this thinking they had a buzz in them . The buzz was from the radio , not the external speakers.The clock light is way too bright.I will be shopping for a replacement .
 Loved everything about how it worked and the little things it could do but because it was so very bright with that blue digital light we had to return it because you could n't sleep in the room with it . So sadly it had to go back and my wonderful Christmas present was a failure . If you require a dark room this is not the clock for you .
 This does n't have a tone control , or a stereo/mono switch , a remarkable oversight . There is usually less static in mono mode , but because this radio does n't have this option , you 'll almost always be hearing more static/noise than you want , unless you 're always tuned into a very close station . Also , volume levels 1-15 are basically all the same , and even the higher ones are n't loud enough . It does have a sleep and nap timer with 1 minute increments , a highly desireable and rare feature , and also an input jack for non-ipod mp3 players , but the shortcomings I described do n't compensate for this . I 'll return this tomorrow .
 after four months the power button on the top of the unit ceased working and the unit could not be turned on . Amazon sent a replacement even though it was after the 30 days ... . the second unit remote sensor did not function ... the third unit was received and set up and seems to be working - but it is only the first week ... so although i thought it was a good value ... i have been disappointed by the quality of the actual physical product .
 I bought this to have something to play my iPod in the bedroom . However , when this thing is turned on , there 's a horrible 60Hz humming sound , which means it 's impossible to play it at low volumes . I 've tried moving it to different outlets and moved it to different spots around the house , so it 's not environmental . The problem occurs for both the radio and the iPod.Don ' t waste your money on this product ! I ca n't believe Emerson did n't at least try it before releasing this faulty product !
 This item has great features , too bad they do n't work . I bought the radio and within 60 days I had to pay $ 9.00 to send it back under warranty for a replacement . The radio did not work , the ipod holder broke off -LRB- as if it had been created with School Glue -RRB- and the buttons stuck . The customer service dept at Emerson was very nice and helpful but the product is not worth the price . I received a replacement radio . It did not work at all . I had to send it back . They sent me another replacment -LRB- Radio # 3 -RRB- . It does not work well . The sound is lousy . The numbers on the clock do n't all appear . It it 's 12:00 it looks like it 's 2:00 . To turn the radio on I have to hold the power button down for a long time and hope it turns on . What a diaster !! I 'm now in the process of looking for a new clock radio but it wo n't be an Emerson . After being `` burned '' 3 times with the purchase of this one and once with another Emerson clock radio that broke a few months after I got it , I 'm done with Emerson.Buy at your own risk but I can bet you will find it to be defective and that you will end up returning it for a replacement -LRB- more than once -RRB- !!!
 I 'm not sure if anyone else has been having this problem , but I set my alarm using their really cool weekday/weekend features , set my songs with my ipod , have my schedule all set up ... then when it would turn the ipod on , it would play for half a second then put itself on snooze . I do n't know if it has sometihng to do with the `` touchless snooze sensor '' or not but I have checked the manual over and over again with no help . Same thing happens when I turn on the radio . Customer service was less than helpful . I assume that every one that they put out doesnt have this problem , but if you have the chance , avoid this clock radio in case you get one in the batch that 's alarm clock does n't actually work .
 The product is good , but the company is awful !!!!!!!!!!!!!! They keep insisting that i give them a 5 five star rating all the way across the board just because the service was average . They kept emailing me asking me to remove my rating and give them a positive rating ! WILL NEVER BUY FROM THEM AGAIN !!!!!
 this product has n't last very well at all . i 've had it for under a year and the front plastic plate fell off , the remote control stopped working and the alarm icon randomly stops showing up on the front from time to time . also sometimes even when my alarm is n't set it still goes off . and sometimes when my alarm is set it does n't go off ! very frustrating , i will not be buying this product again !
 I saw this on Amazon and also saw it at Big Lots on sale for $ 30.00 . So I decided to give it a shot . Let me just say as soon as I type the last word of this review - I 'm boxing it back up . It looked nice - heavy design . The size is not huge - but I would have liked one a tiny bit smaller to fit on a crowed night stand . I plugged it in and it set the time and date - however the time was off my 30 minutes . So I manually set it to the correct time . I tuned into a local radio station and I have to say the reception was less than expected . Lots of static . So I thought I would try my IPod Touch to see what it sounded like . I must say it did sound pretty good for the price paid . I was expecting way less if I was to believe some of the reviews . I had the volume all the way up to 60 and no distortion . It really sounded good - I listened to 2 different types of music to compare . Donna Summer and KISS both sounded good on the unit . I turned the music off and wanted to see what the charging cycle looked like . The normal green battery did n't come up - it was a screen with the Apple Logo . I thought that strange . When I returned to the room to check it - there was noting on . I removed the IPod and still nothing . I unplugged the unit and plugged it back in . NOTHING - IT WAS DEAD ! And it felt a little warm to the touch . I let it sit to cool down and tried it again . Still dead . I did n't get to try the other features or the remote . While I was letting it cool down I read that you have to stretch the cord out because the antenna is in it . I did n't get a chance to try that to see if it improved the radio reception.My recommendation ? Do n't buy it ! I 'm getting my money back .
 I bought this product to charge and listen to my ipod . I barely had it for a year , when the front display cover melted off . -LRB- problem with overheating ? I 'm not blocking any ventilation . -RRB- No problem
 I wish I had found a review for this product before I bought it . If all you are looking for is a cheap way to play records , CD 's and tapes , I guess it would be all right , but I bought it to convert vinyl to CD and have been sorely disappointed .1 . -RRB- Recording vinyl to CD results in a CD with one track that will need to be split up with editing software on your pc . You can babysit the recording process and press a button each time the song changes , but this is not a realistic option if you are trying to convert more than a few albums .2 . -RRB- The user interface is horrible . Although the retro styling is attractive , button labels are hard to read and poorly organized . I 've lost count of the times that I 've hit the power off button instead of the cd eject .3 . -RRB- There is no line out jack for external devices . Even worse , you can not record from the line-in jack .4 . -RRB- My unit was shipped with a broken tape player . I did not find this out until 8 months later when I first tried to play a tape .5 . -RRB- Because of the broken tape player , I was unfortunate enough to encounter their customer service . Service is substandard . After 8 months , the unit was out of warantee ; so I needed to send the unit to them on my own . I paid for shipping and packing and sent the unit and a check to them two months ago . Though they cashed the check -LRB- they do n't accept credit cards for repairs -RRB- two months ago , I have yet to recieve the repaired unit . I called them today to find out where it was and was told that technical service would call me within 2 or 3 days.This is a product and company best avoided .
 There are a number of people leaving raving reviews here about Kingston memory cards , and I 'm sure that their experience justifies their opinions . But my own experience has been very different.I bought a couple of motion-activated trail cameras and bought several Kingston SD cards for them . I also bought a security camcorder -LRB- the type with a video recorder built into a clock -RRB- for a mountain cabin I have that occasionally gets broken into . I decided on Kingston memory cards for both based on so many favorable reviews of their SD cards on Amazon . But neither the trail cameras nor the security camcorder were compatible at all with the Kingston cards . The cameras would n't power up in the manner that the user manuals said they would , I could n't access any of the menu screens , the recordings from the security camcorder locked up my PC , and none of the set-up buttons worked . Things were just generally screwed up , and I wondered if everything I had received was defective.I called the various manufacturers and they said that they also had experienced trouble with certain `` offbrand '' makes of SD cards . I asked them what they had used for development of their product , and they said SanDisk . I had never heard that Kingston was considered an offbrand , but I decided to experiment using a SanDisk SD card -LRB- specifically the Ultra II -RRB- , and all the cameras then worked beautifully . Perhaps SanDisk adheres more closely to guidelines for cross-compatibility between digital devices , but that was a lesson for me . No more Kingston cards - at any price
 I got to the check out before I noticed the EXPONENTIAL SHIPPING COSTS charged by wonder electronics !!! I ordered 5 SD memory cards and a tiny usb card reader for a grand total of US$ 41.22 and they tried to charge US$ 61.20 shipping !!! I thought it was a mistake . I went back and looked everything over and all I can figure is they must be claiming the things weigh several pounds each and shipping them seperatly . We did a bit of investigation and found that this not new for this company and they do not ship each item seperate so draw your own conclusions.Buyer Beware indeed and shame on Amazon for letting it continue this long .
 Beware of KINGSTON rebates!Of course , I hope your experience would differ , if you were to buy Kingston product -LRB- s -RRB- , but mine was terrible.I bought a Kingston CompactFlash card that offered a $ 50 mail-in rebate . I promptly -LRB- as in , the day AFTER I received the item delivery -RRB- went to photocopy my rebate certificate and UPC code and sales receipt ; then sent it all on its merry way . Yes , I was well within the rebate period , both for the purchase AND for the postmark date . My purchase was a valid retailer -LRB- think HUGE online e-tailer -RRB- . The rebate REQUIRED sending THE ENTIRE ORIGINAL UPC label , which was like the entire outside package for my CF card , about the size of 1 business cards when flattened . No problem.About TWO MONTHS later , I get a letter saying `` your rebate request was denied because you failed to furnish the appropriate ORIGINAL UPC code as required by the rebate offer . `` Well , now WHAT ? I ca n't RE-SEND the original -LRB- it was already in their possession -RRB- . I called , and they insisted on repeating what the letter said . I re-sent my PHOTOCOPIES and they said a photocopy is invalid proof of purchase.After another 6 weeks of pursuing this , I figured this is their scam . They simply would n't honor the rebate . And without the ORIGINAL UPC in my possession , I could n't really submit to their requirements.If you 're looking for a RAM upgrade , I 'd suggest you look at a quality company like OCZ -LRB- the BEST ! -RRB- , or Patriot , Geil , or Corsair . If you 're looking for a value Flash Memory Card , I might suggest SanDisk.For one , Kingston does NOT make the best products , they are VALUE-driven products.Two , there are competitors to Kingston with just as good or better value-to-performance ratios at the same prices.Three , Kingston will not stand behind their customer as I have experienced.I urge you to , please , be cautious of Kingston and their rebate scams .
 Ordered from Amazon , arrived safely packaged and seemed to work fine for two days . At the end of the second day , it just fried itself and never worked again . Had bad luck with other Kingston products . Do yourself a favor and pay a little extra for a better brand .
 Thought I 'd save a little money and buy Kingston rather than SanDisk . Well ... I pop the card in the camera , and I get the message `` This card can not be used . '' Rather than saving money , I wasted some ! Guess it 's too much to expect the card to actually work !
 ... . capacity lousy , very little , if any , better than the 16MB that came with camera , as standard equipment . Yikes !
 The Olympus FE-210 digital camera is an inexpensive 7.1 mega pixel camera and that is it . Though the quality of pictures is great -LRB- to be expected for a 7.1 mega pixel -RRB- , there is n't much of an option for various resolution settings . For example , the lowest setting is 640 x 480 and then it jumps to 1920 x 1080 leaving out 3 other standard settings . Shutter speed and or reaction speed is slow leaving time for instability . It does have a built in stabilizer but even then , the reaction time is slow . The Olympus FE-210 takes 2 AA batteries which is a nice feature as compared to a custom battery but the camera sucks too much power so you 'll need to buy quite a few if you 're going to take a lot of pics for the day . The biggest gripe , no sound when recording a movie . A 7.1 mega pixel camera that does n't record sound ? Quote taken directly from their `` Advanced manual ''
 I bought this to replace a dead Canon Powershot A70 3.2 mega P 's . And guess what . . the old Canon has better quality photos . Clearer , sharper , plain better . I got this at a bargain price . . I 'll give it to my wife and do some serious looking and review reading . I did n't want more mega P 's I 've never printed larger than 8 by 10 and 3.2 megas dealt with that OK .
 I really should have rated this camera `` 0 '' stars . First of all , there is a big lag time between the moment you press the shutter and the time that it takes a picture . Secondly , unless you use the stabilization feature , your pictures are almost always gon na come out blurry . The stabilization feature makes the pictures come out grainy . Please do n't make the same mistake that I made .
 I bought this camera because i lost my previous one . my friend recommended that I buy a 6 mp camera or higher so when i saw this one at the store I got it.what I hate the most is the fact that it does not record audio with your videos I mean that 's the most ridiculous thing ever !! I paid around 130 or so for this thing and I am regretting it.I 've had it for about three years and in all that time I did n't upload my videos , so when I played them back I thought that maybe once in the computer you 'd be able to hear it . well not such luck , i recently discovered that it does n't record audio and I was not happy about it.I would recommend that people do n't buy this camera or the brand as well . point blank this piece of garbage is not worth your money !
 This camera is awful . The shutter is extremely slow and for a 7 + MP camera , the picture quality leaves a lot to be desired .
 Definitely not recommended.Main problem
 I had owned two Olympus digital cameras and both were very nice in features and picture quality , but both died prematurely due to overly complex and silly mechanical features . So I decided to never buy an Olympus again . But I gave in for a gift because of the feature set , specs , and price -LRB- and it did n't have the mechanical feature -RRB- . My niece opened it and Dead on Arrival ! So she hands it to me
 This camera is fine if you want to just take pictures . Very nice pictures.Two problems .1 . No rechargeable battery . I bought some rechargeable AA batteries and that has worked OK .2 . This is a BIG problem . The video has NO SOUND . What 's the point of shooting video without sound ? Just terrible.I would not recommend this camera .
 Bought and returned FE-210 today ... after 2 sets of tested good NiMH batteries kicked up `` Battery empty '' error messages . A quick Google search showed problem is ubiquitous . This will be my last Olympus .
 This camera , while inexpensive is not worth buying , here 's why . Basically , having owned several digicams before , this camera is slow . Aperture is not large enough and the flash blows out peoples faces . IF you need a camera for taking still shots outside , I guess this will be OK
 You 'll be very disappointed like me if you get your movies back from your children 's music program , only to discover the camera did n't have sound . I suppose I should 've noticed , but it was sold with comparable models which did record sound , and some quite well . There 's a reason things are cheap.Picture quality is OK but it really eats batteries - very obvious difference from other Olympus & Nikon cameras of similar type .
 This camera has no audio so every video that I 've recorded has NO SOUND !!! That 's the dumbest thing I 've ever heard -LRB- NO PUN INTENDED ! -RRB- . What 's the point of having the movie feature if there 's no microphone to record the sound ??!! I recorded my daughter 's 3 rd birthday and I 'm absolutely upset that there is no way for me to recapture any of those moments . Buy a different camera . AND the only way to take pictures is by using the screen so the battery has to be recharged frequently .
 As many others have said , this model and several other Olympus cameras have a problem that renders it unusable . I had the typical `` Battery Empty '' problem . I contacted Olympus service , downloaded an `` update '' , then the camera quit entirely . The next step is send it in . With no warranty it is not worth any repair charge . Customer service left a lot to be desired as well . With plenty of other choices this camera/brand is not recommended .
 This camera has a `` battery empty '' problem . It does n't matter how many new batteries you buy , it will continue giving the same message . I bought the camera because of the brand , but this is the last Olympus camera I will ever buy .
 I do n't take pictures that often so i have this camera around only for if i really need it . In the past year I 've used it mabey 5 times . In this year the lens managed to get scratched I paid $ 80 to fix it plus I bought a case for it . Nevermind the 10 batteries it has already gone through.This camera is so SLOW ! Kids do n't hold still . the flash goes off 10 seconds after you push the button . When it does go off , everything is blurry . I 'm amazed at how many crappy pictures I can take.So now , on my fifth and final time using this camera , I was going through and deleting some of my fuzzy pictures , when the entire screen goes white . I ca n't view anything , take pictures , or put them on my computer . Nothing . What an awful camera .
 I 've had a 3MP camera for 3 years so when I spotted this at a local best buy and saw the features on it , I figured that the quality would be better . It is ! But what they had in common was no audio with the video ! The memory card would get errors and freeze on me . I charged a new set of batteries and put it into the cam just to hear it beep and say that it 's low and would turn off . Then after repeatedly turning it back on , it 'll show that the battery is fully charged . It does that often . It 's ridiculous , frustrating and the purchase is n't worth it . The lag on this camera is appalling . It 'll take minutes to process a picture and by that time you 're ready to scream like a madman in public.If you 're reading this , hit your back browser to another item .
 The companion image editing software is disappointing , feature-wise , and has already crashed my -LRB- WinXP -RRB- system once.The camera itself seems to have buggy firmware as well , though I have n't fully invested the time to learn every nuance of its operations , so in fact it may just have a crummy user interface -LRB- as opposed to bugs -RRB- .
 and if you want image quality , do n't buy this camera . I have a six year old Olympus C-2100 ultra zoom 2.1 MP camera , and the reason I have never upgraded is because the image quality is simply sensational on that camera . So I bought another Olympus thinking that the state of the art would have improved even more . However , my six year old camera simply blows away this one when it comes to image quality . Yes , it 's big and clunky compared to this one , and this camera is easier to use , but at the end of the day what difference does that make if the pictures are n't as good?Specifically , the edges are too `` soft '' , particularly indoors with the relatively weak flash . Also very grainy in low-light situations.I was simply astounded when I compared the 400KB jpeg files from my old camera to the 2.5 MB pictures from this one . There is really no comparison . Everything from color correction , color fidelity , sharpness , graininess
 I purchased this camera as a backup to my Olympus Ultra zoom -LRB- which I Love -RRB- for a vacation in Disney . I read the reviews but never noticed anyone complain about the lag time between focusing and actually taking the picture . It is SLOW ! If you have a toddler and need to snap a quick picture , keep looking at other cameras . I missed more fantastic shots because of this lag time . I did further investigating when I got home thinking maybe it was my choice in batteries and found that out of 87 cameras reviewed it was the 2nd slowest.The picture quality is fine . It is easy to use and extremely small but it eats batteries . I can go a full day in Disney with my ultra zoon and I had to change my FE-210 batteries twice to keep up with my other camera.My recommendation is to save your money and get a better Olympus !
 Even with lights turned on in the house AND flash . . the photos come out dark and very `` noisy '' or pixelated ... even while shooting on the highest quality . I thought I could trust a brand like Olympus but I 'm sooo unhappy with this camera . I hate it ; I suggest you save your money and get something else .
 Unless you have brand new Duracell or Energizer batteries in there , it will likely say `` Empty Battery '' and shut down . Since rechargeable batteries have slightly lower voltage , you will not get very far with it , or be continually charging batteries . Testing out the batteries with a tester and have the dial rate them Good and/or green is not good enough for this little pest . It may be a defective sensor , but I have a feeling this new camera will be in a landfill before the week is out.Back to 35mm . It have served me well for 25 years .
 This camera was brought to replace a Sony 3.1 mega-pixel . This camera is horrible and has the nerve to display a `` movie recorder '' as one of it 's `` features '' but has NO SOUND ! What a waste of money . Get something better .
 I ca n't get it to work - this is the last time I buy a partially used electronic device off of the internet .
 My SUBX1 does not receive the satelite using the supplied antenna . This thing is absolute garbage !!! Note that my receiver works fine in my car with a car kit . This a common and known problem - do n't buy a SUBX1 .
 I had intended to use the boombox at work . I originially did not know about the need for the indoor/outdoor antenna , which of course makes sense in order to receive a satelite signal , but there is NO physical way for me to get the anntenna outside and I do n't have a window in my office . I even tried the boombox at home with the antenna on the windowsill , and I still could n't get a signal . So disappointed ! The boombox is a great design , light weight , and great sound -LRB- when I could get a signal for 2 sec . -RRB- , but unless you have just the right place to put it or are able to put the antenna outside , you may have limited signal capability . So sad ! I love my satelite radio !
 Picture is not bad when it is working but do not bother to buy this unless you buy a car adapter power cord . When fully charged the battery only lasts about 10 - 15 minutes , so unless it is plugged in somewhere get ready for a black screen .
 Swann Mobile Viewer SW-G-MVIEW 2.4 GHz 2.5 LCD Color Screen 4 Channel Security Camera LCD ReceiverSeller never sent product and referred me to Amazon AtoZ
 I do n't even know if the card worked , I could n't get the software to work . I kept on getting an error . I am going to return this one .
 Never did get the software to work so do n't know if hardware was any good . got the run around from vendor .
 It product is the worst item that I bought in my life , it has come with deep lines at the screen , broken , open box , it is not seems new , like old . I got back this product and I had paid U$ 9 for the shipping because this seller do n't send me the RMA form .
 Sound is great !!!!! Operating manual information is very limited but it 's easy to use just playing with Decoder some time . Sound will depend of speakers quality attached to it .
 BoxWave Amazon Kindle Paperwhite ClearTouch Anti-Glare Screen Protector -LRB- Single Pack with Cleaning Cloth and Applicator Card -RRB- - Matte Anti-Fingerprint Screen Guard Cover for the Kindle PaperwhiteI was told I needed it to maintain my screen so I purchased it . I was also told that it would be difficult to put on ; however , I found it impossible to put on and at the same time remove all the air bubbles that popped up . I removed it several times but to no avail . I am very disappointed in this product . I only hope that it does protect my Kindle screen .
 Having lost my original Kindle that was no longer available , I chose the Paperwhite . While it has a few good features it does n't compare to the original . I thought maybe I just had to get used to it but I 've had it for a while now and really miss my old Kindle . The new one has nothing to hold on to . The frame is way too small so I am constantly touching the screen unintentionally . I really miss the keyboard . I used it a lot to recall formerly introduced characters or situations . Now when I use that drop-down touch function I lose my place in the book . So now I have to make a point of the location so I can go back there manually . I really like the lighted screen . But I would go back to the original in a heartbeat .
 This was a great mouse for the 4 months that it work correctly . The scroll wheel just went out.So much for the `` Revolutionary hyper-fast scroll wheel `` We will see how the warranty goes ...
 Close to returning this item . To date , it does not operate smoothly . I have tried it on 3 different surfaces . Oddly , it will work fairly well for awhile then become unsatisfactory . Move it to a different surface , same thing again . I have been in contact with Logitec a few times and have reviewed the online manual to no avail . I 'll try for another day or 2 . BTW , I have tried other mice I have and all work fine . I gave it a high score for battery because it 's advertised to last up to a year . If anyone has any ideas , please advise asap . Thanks !
 I bought mine a little less than 6 months ago , and throughout this time I have had the pleasure of the jerking movements of my cursor , the middle click just not working at times , and the failure of the left click -LRB- then the fixing of the left click ! ... then the second failure ... then the fix ! ... awaiting third failure -RRB- . It 's a comfortable mouse , it fits well in the palm of my hand . The buttons on the side are comfortable and responsive . The scroll is very nice and feels like an expensive piece of hardware . But the mouse just does n't work well . It stops working at the most inopportune times , somehow fixes itself only to break once again in a couple of weeks . I liked the mouse when it was n't sucking . My experience with logitech products has been very good , until I encountered this mouse . I was extremely disappointed with the mouse .
 This mouse kept losing its connection . I moved the USB receiver to the front of my computer , 1 foot away from the mouse , direct line-of-sight . Frequent `` hiccups '' were the norm . After about a month of this , I scrapped it and got a Razer Diamondback 3G for the same money . What a welcome relief !
 The company I ordered from had to send me four before one worked . This is no joke . Beware of this product . If I were Logitech , I would be embarrassed to market such garbage .
 Yes , the Control Center software has been updated for the Mac . I purchased this mouse yesterday and was able to program all of the buttons upon downloading the software . However , I am returning the mouse today because I just can not adjust to the hyper-sensitive scroll wheel . I have adjusted both my system settings -LRB- via System Prefs -RRB- and Control Center settings so that the scroll wheel is as `` slow '' or `` coarse '' as it can be . Still , the wheel is so sensitive that scrolling will occur even when I press the buttons beside the wheel . This causes a general herky-jerkiness that is at best annoying and at worse intolerable . There occurs at all three of the `` click '' settings that can be set using a switch on the underside of the unit . Oh , and using the scroll wheel as a button ... fuggettaboutit . Once you 've zeroed-in on the target , you wo n't be able to push the wheel down without scrolling up or down at the same time , thus moving the target out of your line of fire.I 'm not tech-savvy enough to know whether this is due to the fact that I 'm using a Mac . Regardless , I can say that this mouse was a waste of time and money for me .
 mx610 had many more buttons and very versatile , you can control the volume , mute , open msn/email etc. . but this mouse is so limited.shame on logitech for downgrading and stop the production of mx610 .
 I bought this mouse with very high expectations based on my previous experiences with Logitech mice . I have to say that I was extremely disappointed . First of all , the Logitech Control Center for the Mac is buggy , and Logitech still has not fixed it . More frustrating though is the wheel on this mouse - it 's extremely loose . It constantly slides around even when not being touched causing web pages to scroll when you do n't want them to . It 's very annoying . Even setting the mouse to the `` precise '' mode did not correct this problem . I would have returned this mouse if I could 've , but I waited too long . Not recommended .
 After having an excellent experience with the Logitech MX-1000 Laser , i next purchased the much-hyped MX-Revolution though i was a bit dubious about the sturdiness of it 's `` Micro-Gear '' scroll wheel which switched between smooth and clicky modes via software or pressing it.The relevance of my experience with the MX-Revolution to the MX-620 , is that the `` hyperfast '' scroll wheel on the 620 is essentially the same as that on the MX-Revolution , without the software control of mode switching.Being a Mac user , i had to download the `` Logitech Control Center '' software which is not included on the PC-only CD , despite Mac compatibility being specified on the box . The software was , and still is horrible . It was riddled with bugs , had a poor feature set , and crashed virtually every time i tried to change settings . There followed a completely unproductive 2 weeks of haggling with Logitech 's -LRB- non -RRB- support department . I thought i was going to be okay once i switched to a 3rd party driver , though i had to sacrifice the `` auto-switching '' . Unfortunately , my worries were justified . The fancy scroll-wheel broke down after just a couple month 's use and i returned the Revolution , replacing it with another MX-1000 . When the battery on that mouse began failing to charge after a couple months , Logitech replaced it ... with another MX-Revolution . I sold it.Though loath to take another chance with Logitech , i was unable to find any mice comparable to Logitech 's for comfort and number of buttons , I decided on the MX-620 because it was cheaper -LRB- not being rechargeable -RRB- and because i was fairly certain i could avoid using LCC , which has made little improvement through the 3 or 4 recent updates.I was really loving the 620 -LRB- used with SteerMouse -RRB- for a couple months . The fast scroll wheel can be very useful and the life of ordinary AA batteries is phenomenal on this mouse ! I have n't changed them yet , whereas past alkaline powered mice i 've had gobbled them in about 3 weeks or less.However , over a recent period of just a couple days , the `` hyperfast '' scroll wheel began to require more and more force to make it coast . Refusing to buy a 4th mouse in less than 10 months , or deal with Logitech support , i 've continued using it . However , the scroll wheel now requires significant force just to roll at ANY speed . The small rubber strip down the center of the wheel which gives one 's finger traction , has slowly become more and more stretched and seems to be interfering with the wheel 's spin somewhere underneath.This will definitely be my LAST Logitech mouse unless they make serious improvements to their Mac OS compatibility , their customer support , and the durability of their hardware . These snazzy innovative gizmos are n't worth the premium price if they 're only going to last 2 or 3 months !
 Using OS X and Logitech 's driver . The mouse feels comfortable , scrolls easily and I like the wireless aspect . However , the Logitech software -LRB- most recent is 2.3.1 -RRB- is terrible . Lag of 30 seconds or so occurs when `` waking '' the mouse from an automatic shut-down due to inactivity before the computer responds.As an alternative , I reverted to the previous driver 2.2.2 . While the lag somewhat disappears , there remains functional problems with the software . My alternative is to use a 3rd party driver such as Steer Mouse or USB Overdrive , which adds to the cost of the product.BTW , Logitech support is abysmal .
 I have used this mouse for about a year . The build quality is excellent , ergonomics are good , and the mouse tracks very well . Unfortunately , the `` revolutionary '' scroll wheel , which is the feature that attracted me to the mouse in the first place , was rather disappointing.In its `` free-scroll '' mode , the scrolling is very smooth . However , the mouse wheel is over-sensitive in this mode . It is very easy to move the scroll wheel without touching it -- all you have to do is move the mouse . Because of this , the page that you are reading can scroll randomly just from moving the mouse . I find this very annoying.So , I switched to the `` click '' mode . The problem there is , it is sometimes impossible to scroll just one `` click . '' The scroll wheel does n't always want to stop , and when you lift your finger , it will scroll another click or two . This means you ca n't always scroll to just the point that you want without keeping your finger on the scroll wheel . This , too , is very annoying.I am a big fan of Logitech products , so it pains me to say this about the mouse , but I must
 This mouse fails to click responsively on Mac OS X.I am very happy with the look , feel and non-clicking features of this mouse . The mechanical engineering and industrial design folks at Logitech get top marks . Wheel and extra buttons behave exceptionally well . The software fails to register clicks , yes clicks , consistently.I 've had 18 months of intermittent , delayed click response . At first I chalked it up to user error -LRB- mixed interface expectations -RRB- since I use Windows XP , Windows Vista and Mac OS X each day . Then I did what I should have done 17 months ago , I plugged in my wired mouse to do a side-by-side test.The wired mouse -LRB- Apple -RRB- registered every click immediately . This seems obvious , but then I did the exact same menu and button clicks and the MX620 failed to register left clicks consistently . Sometimes the delay was many seconds . The MX620 delay grades on even the most patient , low productivity moments -LRB- email , web browsing -RRB- . When you are in a hurry it leads to errors . It will register the click on a menu item or button you did not intend it to.NOTE
 I bought this mouse to replace my Microsoft Wireless Mouse.While it 's a comfortable mouse , it either has transmission problems -LRB- wireless -RRB- , sleep problems -LRB- too much battery saving -RRB- , or does n't like my desktop -LRB- laminate -RRB- . It will just not respond to movement or buttons until I shake it , or move it to different area.At first I thought it was me , or the desk was too shiny ? or something . Now I 'm convinced it 's the mouse.When I swap in another Logitech wireless mouse , it works fine .
 I do n't recommend this , I purchased this mouse in BestBuy , hooked to my Inspiron 8600 , and you know , it did n't work , I tried restarting the computer and many other tricks , but still did n't work . Totally pissed off with this product , thanks for wasting my time and money .
 Just bought it 3 hours ago and ca n't wait to return it . Do n't like the scrolling wheel and not as precise as my previous corded mouse . No thanks !
 Put batteries in , mouse is dead , only thing it is good for is making the batteries red-hot -LRB- pocket warmers maybe ? -RRB- . Yes , polarity was correct , junkie mouse goes back to BestBuy tomorrow .
 Best thing is the scroll wheel - one flick and you can almost go to the end of a document . However , still trying to find a surface it 's compatible with . Does NOT function on most surfaces . Standard mouse pads , 3M Precise Mousing Surface , wood & shiny paper are all out . Works so-so on paper -LRB- a little slow -RRB- or shiny plastic -LRB- a little fast -RRB- . The mouse does NOT have wheels , but DOES have flat rubbery ` feet ' -LRB- for want of a better word -RRB- - which accounts for the difficulty.Haven ' t owned it long enough to know about the battery . And , unless I can find a surface to use it on , I might not have it long enough to know if it lasts the year that it claims .
 I received this mouse as a replacement for my MX 610 , which was probably the best mouse I ever had . This model is nowhere near as responsive as the 610 was and does not have as good a tracking either . They removed both the volume buttons and the notifications lights for emails and IMs . Instead they give you the completely worthless look up button which lets you highlight a word and search for it , whoopty freaking do.The only nice thing about it is the surface of the side grips , that is a slight improvement . Overall my placement 620 will sit in a box as a back up . I managed to find an MX 610 replacement . Try to find them since they are now discontinued .
 I would have rated 4 or 5 stars except that the biggest drawback of this mouse is the receiver does not store in the bottom of the mouse . I have had this mouse for just under 2 weeks and already lost the receiver . It costs $ 10 to order a replacement receiver from Logitech + another $ 6 - $ 11 for shipping . What a waste of money !!! There are many other wireless mice with less features that stow the receiver on the underside . For the $ 50 price tag , this mouse should have it as well .
 Logitech quality just seems to be going downhill . I have an MX1000 mouse now , it 's BLUETOOTH , and at times the pointer can have a bit of lag when I click it-sometimes I have to click a link 3 times before it responds . I think it must be the bluetooth software ; it 's a very frustrating mouse to use . Another quality issue I have with the Bluetooth MX1000 are the buttons that suround the scroll wheel , they sit on the mouse kind of loose and rattle.So I 've been looking for a replacement and I heard some good things about the MX620 . Well right out of the box the mouse feels cheap . Sitting side by side with the MX1000 you can feel the difference . The 620 uses a very cheap feeling rubber for the sides of the mouse , it does n't feel smooth and it 's a bit slippery . The same goes for the plastic on the top , very cheap feeling , not smooth and also kind of slippery . The back button makes an annoying , hollow ` clicky ' sound when you click it , however , the forward button does n't do that at all , it feels solid and is almost silent . The mouse seems to work OK as far as the functions go but I ca n't get past the feel of it and I 'm taking it back.Logitech used to make great products , but lately I 've been disappointed in everything new they put out .
 The Logitech MX620 purchased from Tech-for-Less that we received was found to be improperly assembled and irreparable . Obviously , quality control was inadequate at both Logitech and Tech-for-Less . We also had difficulty establishing communications with Tech-for-Less , either by phone or email . Phone messages were ignored and email messages were deleted . Only after emailing Tech-for-Less through techforless@amazon.com was there an immediate and frantic response to remedy the situation to our satisfaction but only after much time and effort on our part.One piece of advice for customers of other vendors through Amazon.com ; if you have a problem with the product you receive from a vendor , I suggest you communicate with them through vendor_name@amazon.com if possible . That should get their attention quickly .
 One would think that a Mac logo on a box would imply compatibility with a Mac , but Logitech thinks otherwise.Upon plugging in the USB receiver , I realized that I could only point and click . Scroll wheel and the two left side buttons did not function at all . After installing the Logitech Control Center , the software did n't even recognize the mouse . Tried removing the USB receiver and plugging it back in , and the act of just removing the receiver gave me the gray screen of death
 It works fine , but I have to mention that this one is SELL AS IS but they did n't highlight this point when I bought it . The mouse came with a plastic bag only , no warranty information , no instructions . it just looks like I bought that from some second-hand seller from ebay , which annoyed me because they said it is NEW .
 I have os x 10.4.10 , and when the computer is awaken the mouse crashe os x.
 I bought this for use with my single coil guitar based off of the other reviews here . People make this seem like it 's a magic solution for 60 cycle hum , but it literally does NOTHING for me . Maybe other people are playing thru cheap gear , but like I said , this literally does nothing for me . I play a Duesenberg Starplayer TV -LRB- has a p90 single coil -RRB- thru a Badcat Panther . I spent $ 125 for absolutely no change from being plugged direct into the wall
 I used the transformer for a Guitar Amplifier to clean the noise pickups of the guitar -LRB- Single coil -RRB- , but there 's no result . The noise remains with or without the transformer.I am a Recording Engineer and i 'm testing different amplifiers top brand like hiwatt , orange , bogner , to be sure that the transformer it 's not isolating or cleaning the AC Line.I do not recommend this transformer for audio purpose
 I purchased this solely because of the reviews here about the fact that this piece of equipment had the power to totally take away AC line hum which is inherent to a guitar amp by a nature . -LRB- I have never heard a real amp that didnt buzz -RRB- SO with that said I had very high hopes for this product . Then I got it ... At first I believed there was something wrong with the outlet I was on because this thing made ZERO effect on ac hum . I tried two different amps . A Marshall 8100 head to a Ampeg 4x12 cabinet and a Crate GX-15 practice amp . And ran them dry and pure . Just a Washburn guitar with an emg-85 / 81 pickup set ran directlt into the amp and the amp plugged into this box for AC power . I also tried several other outlets at my studio . YET nothing . As a guitarist yeah I have bought some worthless 100 boxes before and this is one of them lol . But wait did n't the reviews say it would eliminate the hum in night clubs or motels or just anywhere u took an amp ? Hey I dunno if those are shill reviews or what but I just know WHAT AMAZON SENT ME does not work . In fact , if I didnt know better I would swear they put something in this box to weigh it down -LRB- its heavy -RRB- and make it heavy and seem authentic when it in fact it does nothing at all lol . But lets be fair here . This device is NOT marketed as a piece of music gear and no doubt serves an industrial purpose like the guy who said it helps him work on radios and not get shocked . But for music you would be better off putting your money toward the ISP Decimator -LRB- albeit expensive -RRB- that really WILL quiet the heck out of a guitar setup and I know cause I own one . Its not perfect hence I am here but I would bet ISP eliminates 96 percent of your noise . But hey it should for 400 dollars right ? lol I guess you get what you pay for but when a 100 dollar box cant do one simple simple thing you bought it for and that is to eliminate hum -LRB- the 4 percent my ISP doesnt remove -RRB- then I hate to say it but it was boxed up and returned within the first hour I received it . VERY disappointing , I had high hopes for this device for that purpose . I guess there really is nothing you can do . At the end of the day 4 percent is not bad but it IS a stain on perfection and that makes 4 percent as bad as 40 percent honestly .
 I have purchase Sunpak products before and know they are not Tiffen , but for a simple UV filter I did n't see how it could be bad . However , the product I received had the glass filter too small for the metal ring . Perhaps the factory accidentally put a 72mm filter in a 77mm casing , but I sent it back for a refund.I recommend either Tiffen or Hoya . Or this one if you are in no rush .
 I bought this product to provide shared storage and backup for my mixed network -LRB- wife and I have Macs , kids have a PC -RRB- . The installation program looked like a PC only application . The unit installed easily and quickly from the kids PC.By default the device comes with two folders . One is called share and is a shared Mac/PC folder , the other is called share-mac and is Mac only . I could only see the share folder , not share-mac . I tried calling tech support twice and held for over a half hour each time before giving up . The second time I left a message - they promise a call back within an hour . I still have not received a call back in over 3 hours.I tried to back up my Documents folder to the device . Not only does it not support file names longer than 32 characters -LRB- which a couple of the reviews have noted -RRB- , but when it gets to one , it gives an error message and just stops . How totaly useless.Can ' t the error message give an option of skipping the file , renaming the file , or something other than just stopping and starting over from the begining ?
 Worked OK for ~ 6 months then it started making a loud buzzing noise . Still worked but the noise drove me crazy . Sounded like a fan bearing going out . Could n't figure how to open the case and take a look , tech support no help at all . It 's sitting on top of a cabinet now , gathering dust .
 Fan `` burnout '' in 13-months so that the fan noise was annoying . A call to support elicited a recommendation to buy a new fan at Radio Shack and install it myself.Difficult to use on my network because of chronic problems with losing time synchronization , which complicates my automatic file backup procedure . But transfer speed is good and -LRB- until total catastrophic drive failure after 3 years -RRB- the fan problem was tolerable .
 Setup is ok , but not for a novice . Not exactly easy . However , the quality is poor . The fan burned out in about 1 year and the company does not offer an out of warrently repair program -LRB- even though I was willing to pay -RRB- . After many calls to support where i repeatedly recieved incorrect information , they basically said too bad , I have to fix it myself . In addition , the fan is a `` special '' fan that has to be ordered from a 3rd party , but Buffalo does not know the part number for the fan - so good luck getting it from a distributor . IF you are putting data on the drive that you dont want to risk losing then I suggest avoiding the product and company .
 Why I bought this product :1 - NAS -LRB- Network Attached Storage -RRB- drive - can hook up to my wireless router and access it from any computer on my network .2 - Has Printer server - can turn my non-network printer to exists on my network so I can print from any computer wired and wirelessly .3 - Has a second usb port -LRB- do n't confuse with PC connection you can only connect to this hard drive via Ethernet -RRB- for hard drive expansion - can hook up any USB hard drive to it .4 - All these things most of the NAS drives out there have . But Buffalo has the FTP server built in . This is mainly why I bought it . FTP server allows you to access your hard drive over the internet thus making it much easier to share large files .5 - Fair capacity/price ratio.I ordered the item from Amazon . I plugged it in , turned it on . It directly went into Diag mode -LRB- led blinking 6 times -RRB- . Called up the tech service - 24/7 service - but was on hold 2 hours 13 mins for somebody to finally answer . The tech guy told me to reset , I did , did not work . He told me 6 blinks indicate hard drive problem and said it was defective . There went my weekend project.Then I read the reviews about this product . I realized I overlooked the `` Reliability '' issues people are having for fancy features . Then told myself , hey you will store your most precious data in here , reliability should come first.Next thing , I sent the thing back . This was my first time trying the Buffalo brand , had high hopes , unfortunately I am disappointed . 2 stars for the features .
 I actually have the 120GB Linkstation.I have had problems with the networking part of the linkstation . It seems to take my Windows 2000 and XP machines up to 3 minutes to begin talking to the Linkstation . Very annoying.Also , the linkstation only accepts 8 char . passwords . That 's also a problem for me . It would be acceptable if it would ignore the characters after 8 but it does n't . That forces me to enter my password every time I connect.Initially , I could not get the device to work with security enabled . I had to download a firmware upgrade.It seems the people that use the default settings with no security have had pretty good luck with the machine .
 The drive works fine and is easy to set up.However , it is advertised as `` coming with '' Memeo 's backup software . Unfortunately , it was only a 30-day trial version -LRB- which is freely downloadable from Memeo 's website , by the way -RRB- , and there was no license key included with the product . What 's worse , my inquiries to Buffalo 's Tech Support to attempt to obtain a key for using Memeo were ignored . I hope nothing goes wrong with my drive , given the lack of response from Buffalo ` ssupport .
 I was attracted to the Linkstation due to its very reasonable price , compact size , and large capacity . Even though the documentation was a little spotty and the various install procedures are a poorly integrated process of install wizard and web browser , it actually was pretty easy for me to set up . I was thrilled to discover I did n't need to load any special clients on the Windows machines accessing the server , which some the PC Magazine review led me to believe . You do n't have to install any special client at all ; only the initial setup needs that for discovery and configuration . After that , all configuration happens through a pretty intuitive web interface.Despite that , I returned this product two days later.My problem was I wanted to use this to supplement the storage in my Windows 2003 AD domain at home . -LRB- Okay , I 'm a geek ; I admit it ! -RRB- What I was hoping for was the ability to administer the security on the Linkstation just using the default security UI in Windows explorer . You ca n't do that , and in fact , you ca n't do it AT ALL in Windows 2003 . It says it 's only been tested in Windows 2000 domains , but I 've online others claiming that does n't work so well either . I did n't expect it to support advanced features like shadow copy , virtual storage , or multiple file systems , but I did hope for a modicum of NTFS security emulation . If you want to set * any * NTFS file/folder/share permissions with this thing , forget it.Someone else here mentioned the fact that it only accepts 8 character passwords . Since that conflicts with my company 's password policy at the office , it means I have to use two passwords . -LRB- If you can keep the same password , you can use something called passthrough security and do n't have to re-enter it . -RRB- It 's also not very secure.I second the reviewer here who claims it was sluggish . But spottily sluggish . Most of the time , it performed very well . But every so often , frequently during the initial connection period , it could take 5-10 seconds to bring up a file , which is a disturbingly long time . It would also happen at random other times.It 's too bad , because I could really use something like this at home , and it has a lot going for it , price and ease of use being the main ones . But for anyone who cares about security or getting this to work in a Windows AD domain environment will have to look elsewhere . I 'm also disappointed its lack of compatibility with Windows 2000/2003 was n't more clearly indicated so I could have avoided purchasing it in the first place .
 I have used one of these for just over a year when it failed . It worked great , but when it fails do n't look for any support from Buffalo unless its not under warranty . If its not , just throw it away along with your data . They offer no help and no advise , just toss it .
 i regret the acquisition of this waste of time . it fails to accept files from either windows or osx if the filename is longer than a ridiculously short default , it 's as slow as molasses , and it 's bloody noisy to boot . also buffalo technical support is pathetic.mine is for sale once i wipe its disk ...
 Although the manufacturer says it is Mac compatible and supplies a separate Mac setup guide , the device has a 32-character file name limitation ! That means that you ca n't really copy or backup your Mac files to the Linkstation if any of them have long filenames.So for my purposes , this is pretty much a worthless device and I returned it the same day it arrived .
 The installation of the product was smooth . I have followed the instructions and setup was completed successfully ... with caveats.The first problem is your inability to access the linkStation as advertised . Entering \ \ LinkShare name in your windows explorer gave an error message . Why ? Because my firewall was on . Nowhere in instructions it states to turn it off . But that 's minor.The backup software that came with the product simply does not backup the files -LRB- even with firewall turned off -RRB- . I was lucky to get a word from support to download a new file . It was n't specified which file or how to uninstall the existing backup software - as the uninstall utility does not exist.Speaking of support
 Here is my LinkStation story . I got one in September . Within a month , it stopped responding after 1-7 days of working . I applied to support , and they suggested to replace it , so I sent it back to them . The LinkStation came as a replacement was a used unit , and in addition I had to pay taxes as if it were sent to me -LRB- Canada -RRB- from Japan , not the US . I complained again , and they suggested me to exchange it with a new box . Just when I decided to leave the used one and do not deal with BuffaloTech anymore , the unit just died and did n't start up . So I sent it again , of course . The second replacement I received was a new box , but it 's crashing even more often than the first one , sometimes twice a day . Keep yourself from LinkStation and all the troubles related to this device and its manufacter Buffalo Technology !
 I have seen 3 of these in action now . They are quick and easy to set up , but if you have any problems , look out . Tech Support -LRB- 24x7 , yes ... -RRB- takes forever . Expect to be on hold for at least 30 minutes , and hope that you get the one good technician , and not the trainees ... These products should not be used for any critical info .
 I recently purchased this system and wasted many hours , because it failed to work right out of the box . The first system I purchases would start-up and then shut down -LRB- powers off -RRB- unexpectedly . I returned this one to the store for a replacement and when I got the new one home it had problems too . It displayed error messages indicating that a Windows . dll file was corrupted or missing and it would not start Windows . After calling H-P techical support they sent a `` recovery console disk '' by FedEx . The techical support person I spoke with was a complete idiot . He tried to make it sound like it was my fault because I did not download the latest S/W updates from H-P 's web site and suggested that I should have know to do this immediately , even this was not mentioned in any of the literature that was provided with the system . He even said that it was the same as knowing that you have to put gas in a new car when you buy it !!! Excuse me for thinking that a product is supposed to work when you get it home ! When I received the disk I had to call H-P technical support again , because the poorly written instruction did not match what was on the screen . H-P tech support assisted me , but this failed to work . Not only did it not work , it wiped out all the applications and data I had put on the hard drive . They said they would have to send me another `` recovery disk '' . At this point I was too fed up with H-P and returned the A350n to the store where I purchased it -LRB- Microcenter , Duluth , GA -RRB- for a refund even though I knew that their policy was to charges a 15 % re-stocking fee . Fortunately , the manager at the store was very understanding and decided to waive the re-stocking fee - kudos to Microcenter!I have to say that most of the H-P 's Techical support people were very good -LRB- except for the one `` idiot '' -RRB- and I was able to get a person on the phone without being put on hold for a long time.However , I would be extremely cautious in purchasing a PC from H-P since they seem to have some serious quality control issues . If you feel lucky , buy it from a local store that has a liberal return policy . Good luck !
 Several years ago , HP decided to deprive their customers of Windows recovery CDs . Instead , HP puts recovery information in a hidden partition on YOUR hard drive , thus decreasing its capacity . If you have to use this information to recover from a serious system problem , the process will restore the computer to its original condition . This means that all of the software and data files that you have added will be removed and all of the space-hogging software that HP provides -LRB- and which you probably removed to attempt to recover some hard disk space -RRB- will be restored.HP claims to have stopped providing recovery CDs because of its contract with Microsoft . Translation
 My Hp a350n arrived with its packing material crushed . There is a 1 inch scratch , white on gray , on the top front of the tower and the cd-rom door appears to have not been installed properly . It is hanging open at an angle . I am attempting to bring the computer up now but the flopping cd-rom door , which makes loading software from cds tricky , and the ugly scratch are a distraction .
 My Hp a350n arrived with its packing material crushed . There is a 1 inch scratch , white on gray , on the top front of the tower and the cd-rom door appears to have not been installed properly . It is hanging open at an angle . I am attempting to bring the computer up now but the flopping cd-rom door , which makes loading software from cds tricky , and the ugly scratch are a distraction .
 Like the other person , this PC did not work right out of the box . I changed it for another and it also failed to work , but it took a few hours for me to find that out.I have found it to be very slow , locks up a lot , and stops responding in the middle of your work.I have also received little to no help from HP , I was told to bring it back again and get a refund and buy it from their online store , WHY ? They would not honor their warranty.I also had a problem when I installed the printer software -LRB- HP -RRB- the computer tried to install the software everytime I clicked on an icon on the desktop . I tried to do a system recovery , this helped that problem . I then redid all the work I had done before and made a recovery DVD . Only to find that after I did this the DVD drive shut down and I can not use the drive . I tried to do the system recovery again but it did not restore the dvd drive.One of the features I went for was the DVD drive . I thought I would give HP another try and switch it out yet AGAIN , to find that again the software was installing itself but this time it was MS Money the software that is already on the PC when you buy it and they dont give you the disc and it would prompt me to insert my disc to either un/install the product . i had a service person look at the problem and told me that I needed to recover the whole system to rid the problem , so again I spent waisted hours re-doing the whole setup process and getting all the software back on the pc . To have the DVD drive go out again.DONT WAISTE YOUR MONEY FOR THIS OVER PRICED TYPEWRITER !!!! I say it is a typewriter cause all you can do is type anything else is too much for this pc to handle .
 My employer -LRB- a small software company -RRB- just bought these for all the developers -LRB- including myself -RRB- . They 're barely faster than the Athlon XP 2000 + workstations they replaced . HP cut several corners with this model : - There are no available internal or external drive bays - The power supply is only 250W - They skimp on the RAM , using DDR333 instead of DDR400 despite the 800FSB processor - The hard drive is mounted in a bizarre plastic vertical bracket which is n't very secure and tends to vibrate - There are no CDs included with the system -LRB- except one Microsoft Works disc -RRB- . There are no restore CDs , let alone Windows install discs -LRB- but my Pavilion ze4240 notebook I bought a year ago came with both -- shame on HP for backing down on that -RRB- . Since the systems shipped with XP Home and we need Pro , we reformatted the hard drives . And now we have no way of installing the DVD burning software that came with the systems . HP wants $ 9 for an HP RecordNow install disc .
 I bought my first HP a350n 3 weeks ago for $ 1,000 . Decent package of hardware for the price and it worked fine for a week . Contacted HP 's online tech support about a trivial problem and they had me perform a system recovery that blasted my downloaded programs to Saturn -LRB- after assuring me no programs would be lost -RRB- . Their technical expert neglected to tell me to disconnect the printer before doing the system recovery which evidently damaged the system.I returned the PC and like either an idiot or masochist , I bought another a350n through Amazon.com / Home Depot due to what seemed like a great price , $ 796 . That a350n ran OK for one day before seizing up and losing Internet connections . HP 's telephone tech support had me perform 2 system recoveries , again sending my programs into deep space . Every day since then I have spent numerous hours online with HP 's tech center in India which is apparently manned by untrained goat herders or with HP 's telephone tech people . The a350n seizes up , loses Internet connections , loses settings , and generates a steady stream of serious error messages . HP 's technical instructions are contradictory , nonsensical , bizarre , inaccurate and sometimes make problems worse . HP 's technical wizards have not helped me resolve a single problem . I have spent night after night online with HP and it 's like something out of the Twilight Zone . They give instructions that are impossible to comply with , contradict each other , fail to respond , and accomplish nothing -LRB- while telling you what a `` valuable customer '' you are -RRB- . I bought an HP based on horror stories I read about Dell 's tech support center in India , never imagining HP 's online center was also manned by lackwits in India . HP 's telephone tech support is no bettter . They castigated me for downloading Windows XP updates from Microsoft which both Microsoft and other HP tech reps said the a350n needed . They complained I am running too many programs while I ran as many on an old Emachines PC with only a 400 Mhz Celeron and 32 MB of RAM . The a350n has a 2.8 Ghz Pentium 4 with 512 MB of RAM yet I have had far more problems with it in 3 weeks than with my old Emachines relic in 3 years . If you get an a350n that works , great . But if you need competent technical help , forget HP . Now I understand why Home Depot was selling them for only $ 796 .
 These looked like a good set of simple speakers for my pc , but the fact that they sound tinny , as well as the issue of having no volume knob , or headphone jack , makes them pretty useless .
 Samsung Pleomax Digital USB Speaker 2.0 Bought new PC with Windows 7 . Could not upgrade the speakers driver . Samsung does not offer one , forums did not help either . Speakers are not bad but uselesss now ...
 dear sir , i was shocked to come to know today that the item was reconditioned.because the info on site where i bought the item was given as new . you owe me an explanation . please clarify .
 The Sony NW-HD5 Network Walkman may live up to its billing in the CNET review and other reviews , but the SonicStage software required to run the NW-HD5 is unacceptable . Each time I start SonicStage on my computer , it takes minutes to load , and it takes many minutes more once the NW-HD5 is connected to the computer for the list of songs on the NW-HD5 to appear . That is where the problems start , because SonicStage 's capacity to manage a sizable music collection is weak . Once SonicStage has loaded my music collection into `` My Library , '' the program is poorly organized and lacks the ability to efficiently search , sort and organize the songs by artist , genre , album , etc. . It takes forever to maneuver from one song to the next , and when changing the `` View '' from `` Album '' to `` All Tracks '' the wait continues . Transferring songs from the computer to the NW-HD5 is painful and it is difficult to pick and choose groups of songs to transfer . Surpisingly , deleting songs from the NW-HD5 takes practically as long and is equally as difficult . If you have a small music collection , and you only want to move one , two or a small group of songs onto the NW-HD5 , SonicStage might function better -LRB- I would n't know -RRB- , but if you have a sizable music collection and if you intend to take advantage of the NW-HD5 's 20 GB hard drive , then get ready for some serious frustration . By comparison , iTunes is a dream come true when it comes to searching , sorting , organizing and transferring songs . I could continue my criticism of SonicStage function by function because I have n't found anything that it does well . When I purchased the NW-HD5 , I felt the sound quality and battery life were more important than the music management software and would justify having the product despite issues with the software . I was wrong , and I hope this review will prevent others from making my mistake .
 First of all
 I recently purchased Sony 's nw-hd5 player after much research online for a new mp3 player . When I finally decided to fork over the money for it , I loved everything about it ; the sound quality is great , the size is only that of a deck of cards , the software is easy to use , the 20GB hardrive is more than plenty , and the battery life is tremendous . I could n't have asked for a better player , so needless to say , I was extremely frustrated when the player developed cracks between the center four buttons after less than a week of light use.I was able to contact someone from Sony to ask if this was an issue they were dealing with , and they dismissed it by saying it was a `` rare occurance '' . But after reading over 120 entries from forums online saying they experienced the same cracking issue within a week of use , I am disappointed with Sony 's response.This player is excellent and would be given a 5 out of 5 star rating if it were n't for this minor cosmetic problem , but for the cost , it was not one I was going to overlook . I returned it , and am now awaiting the arrival of a Creative Labs Zen Touch .
 I believe this MP3 player is above average in terms of features and capabilities . However , its two main weaknesses are the horrible software that is needed to install on the PC for the music transfer -LRB- you have no choice but to use that program -RRB- , and the screen which is not as legible as the Ipods . As a result , I can not really give this unit a positive recommendation until these two issues are addressed .
 It is very user unfriendly thingy . You have to use the Sonic Stage that comes with it . I bought it in 2004 to avoid iPod . I put up with it for a while . The player itself is fine . Very flat and sleeky , stylish looking . Only the software is stupid.The audio out jack stopped working in 2007 . so no more music for me . It cost me a lot of money when I bought it in Europe.Now I went iPod . Great accessorizing opportunities unlike Sony . iPod works great with many car audio . Alpine that I have let me press menu of the iPod on the reciever . iPod stays in the Glove box . Nothing like that happens with Sony Walkman -LRB- not that I know of -RRB- . Byt he way , I now use it as an external hard drive . : - -RRB-
 Please , if you buy this MP3 player , make sure there is a good return policy . I 'm a software programmer and Sony 's Sonic Stage software is the most inept piece of software I 've ever encountered in my life ! I am so surprised that a megabillion dollar company like Sony would release such badly written code . First of all , when you get it , make sure you update to the latest version which is 3.1 , that solves a few of the issues.However , that still does not solve how poorly the software creates its database of your music files . Switching views from say , Artist to Album or any other type means waiting NOT on the order of 10 's of seconds but on the order of MINUTES ... yes , MINUTES . On average 2-3 minutes for the software to change views . Now , I 've never used an Ipod so I do n't know how slow their software is , but being a computer programmer , I * know * it should take that long!Performing other tasks with the Sony Sonic Stage software is also painstakingly slow.I made the mistake of not buying my mp3 player from Amazon , which has an excellent return policy , just to save a few bucks but now I regret my decision.It 's just so disappointing because the hardware looks really sleek and that 's what attracted me to this player but one thing you ca n't test out in the store or online is the software and Sony Sonic Stage is about as broken as software can get.Feel free to buy and try Sony 's mp3 player but just make sure there 's a good return policy . Or , save yourself the time and get an Iriver or Ipod .
 I just purchased this item and was very disappointed . After going through the lengthy process of trying to figure out how to get my music to the player -LRB- because all my music was stored on another hd player that Sonic Stage would n't recognize -RRB- I started with a sample set of my music , which included about 50 mp3 tracks and about 5 entire albums also mp3 tracks . The first thing that happened as I started to explore the player was I saw that I was not going to be able to line up albums for play . That is to say if you have 500 albums on your player and one day you are at the beach for example and you decide you want to listen to 5 or 6 albums of your choosing you are not going to be able to do it unless you have previously made `` playlist '' of those particular albums . I believe this is a fatal flaw and severely diminishes what the player is supposed to be used for in the first place . All the other reviews here are right on but for me if you ca n't have freedom of what you want to hear away from your computer - it 's a no go . No matter how cute and small the player is . I 'm returning mine .
 Sony NW-HD5 is a beautiful compact piece of audio player , unfortunately it is very restricted on the audio file type it can play , hence it was returned.For example , it could not play protected wma files I downloaded from my personal cds . Plus , the soundstage software it came with was very difficult to use , plus it does work with Windows Media Player , Winamp or Musicmatch mp3 players .
 I had high hopes for this player ... An alternative HD mp3 player to , perhaps , match the ubiquitous iPod . The only reason this player gets 2 stars is because of its stellar audio performance , the audio quality is far better than the iPod -LRB- have had both I can say this -RRB- . HOWEVER , and this is a big however , my player 's hard drive stopped spinning after less than I a month . As a result I sent it back to Amazon for a refund . This type of performance is unacceptable . So I say to those of you who are adventurous enough to hope this player will work ; but it for the audio quality . Otherwise , get something that has been in the market for awhile .
 Sound
 Reviewing the Sony NW HD-5 is really easy and fast : IT 'S A MAGNIFICENT HARDWARE MASTERPIECE OF ART AND A SOFTWARE PIECE OF CRAP !!!!! If this hardware could run Itunes or Musicmatch , it would be the best mp3 player ever ...
 sony is foxy ! he compromised to mp3 market . but actually he wants everyone to use his own format ` atrac ' B he developed this beautiful machine to allure mp3 users . this machine gave a lot of restriction to mp3 format.what 's more , when you compare the sounding quality of mp3 and atrac format in this machine , mp3 is terrible ! it means you have to transform your mp3 files into sony 's format ` atrac ' . sony is really foxy!if you are mp3 fan , do not buy this machine . it is a cheat
 Only someone who is from another planet would buy this player . It has problems playing MP3 and WMA files . It forces you to use the dumb Sony software . It costs more than an IPOD . . In short . . buy something else . Sony get your act together . . You invented this category and now you have lost it
 I 've been using Verbatim dvd 's for years . Out of a few hundred burned DVD 's I do n't think I totaled more than 3 or 4 that failed . That being said , this is the first time I 've tried the digital movie spindle , and I have had 4 failures out of ten tries so far . I could get a 100 dvd spindle of a knock off brand at a discount wholesale store for that kind of success rate . I 'm really surprised that this dvd is failing so often with my less than a year old asus dvd burner in my desktop and my laptop that I got for school last year .
 I bought these disks for image file backup.Every single disc in the spindles of 25 DID NOT work.They would neither format nor accept any file transfers from my computer.The entire package was useless.Verbatim discs around 3 years ago had this same problem when they changed their disc production factories . Then , after so many complaints , they did some serious and effective problem shooting.It looks like the same ugly problem is back.When they work , Verbatim discs are the best . These discs are a bad return to the days of error-ridden production.Avoid and look for other media for storage .
 I got to the Amazon.com site through a direct link from SimpleTech 's website . The Amazon.com site does not provide any technical info on the module -- and the great price is due to the fact that it is not the RAMBUS module you think you 're getting , but an SDRAM module that is NOT compatible with the Gateway 700se/1 .8 -2.0 mhz.I have just sent the module back to Amazon.com , requesting a refund . Their top-notch customer service usually comes through with snafus like this ...
 Like Toby 's review , my card also had a European PAL connector . Although they included an adapter in the box , it reduces the signal quality causing the reception to be snowy and not sharp . With that said , I had problems getting a refund from the merchant ANTONLINE . Stay away from this card . For a few bucks more you can get and much nicer TV tuner card -LRB- Happauge 1600 PCI -RRB-
 Product did not fit my computer . Returned product . Company has had product now for two weeks and I still havent seen my refund
 This card came with a PAL -LRB- European -RRB- connector , not an NTSC -LRB- coax -RRB- connector . I had to purchase an adapter to make it work . When I finally got it working , the quality of the recording was far below what I expected . Perhaps it was caused by the PAL/adapter connection , but there was no way to tell . So I returned the card for credit . I had been using an older TV@nywhere card for about 4 years with no problems until it stopped recording audio for some reason . I 'll probably purchase a replacement , but this time I 'll be sure to get the NTSC connector .
 Was n't impressed with this card . The controller software looks like it 's designed for a pre-teen , and it 's not easy to set up -LRB- It could be that a 5th grader is smarter than I am ! -RRB- . Great if all you want to do is watch TV on your PC -LRB- recording showss another is another thing -RRB- . I ended up giving this one away and bought a Hauppauge PVR350 -LRB- sp ? -RRB- which does everything I want it to , easy to use and does n't make me feel embarrased when friends see the interface in my screen
 In short : The software sucksThe card uses a PAL input rather than NTSC cable , and the converter adds a lot of noise to the pictureThe card started to die after a few monthsAnd now the card is fully deadWorthless , do not buy.For details , see below : I bought this card about 6 months ago . Right off the bat , I had problems with it . I hate it.First let me say that I have a CompTIA A + Hardware certification , and am also a computer science major currently in my junior year of college . If I cant get it to work , it is simply a broken product . I bought this card for the purpose of recording security camera footage.The card arrived , I installed it in my PC . I installed the MSI drivers and TV @nywhere software . The first problems started with the software . It does not even have an option to schedule record all the inputs on the card . I can not remember whether it would n't schedule RCA or S-video input -LRB- maybe even both -RRB- , it was months ago that I used it . I do remember that it would record cable input -LRB- although it came with a PAL > NTSC adapter that made the picture full of noise and unusable -RRB- . This immediately pissed me off because the security camera I bought used RCA and S-video for video output . This meant that I bought this card for the one and only reason of recording my security cam footage , and its bundled software would n't even do that.Also , the remote NEVER worked , with this or any other software.I ended up trying at least 5 different recording software -LRB- all of which worked better than MSI 's TV @anywhere -RRB- , when I finally settled on Luxriot DVR . This was the best and most configurable of all the different software I tried , and it is specifically made for security cameras . You can download it for free , but the free version only works with one camera -LRB- which is fine because thats all I had -RRB- . If you want to use multiple cameras , you need to pay for the full version . Its got motion capture , scheduled recording , time lapse , everything you would expect from an enterprise-quality security camera solution . It worked great for 4 months , but then my video input started going intermittently blank.Fast forward to a couple weeks ago , I got no video input what-so-ever . I tried switching inputs , reinstalling drivers , even reinstalling the original MSI video recording software and still got no input . If I plug my camera into the TV , the picture appears just as same as always . That means that its not a software , driver , or camera issue . The issue is isolated to my TV tuner card -LRB- MSI TV @nywhere plus -RRB- . It appears to function in device manager , yet it no longer receives any video input on any sources . This card is broken.EDIT
 I bought this because it was cheap , and use it in a linux computer running motion connected to a security camera . I could never imagine using this for tv . The quality is that bad . REALLY . It is . For the purpose I 'm using it for it 's ok . Mine came with an adapter from the PAL connector to regular coax , check the box .
 this unit kinda sucks . two piece designs kinda strange . it has a headphone jack on the go gear side and a female end on a 2 foot usb cable but the go gear is so heavy it would break any headphone plug
 Totally defective . Returned it . I will just go to my local RadioShack for a cheaper one that actually works.Cons : Very cheap lookingLoose in the plugDEFECTIVE!Pros : I can return it for a refund .
 The first unit was a dud , the connect female hole was not a snug fit.Returned it and got the second one , same thing . This product does not deserve the one star , but I had to tag a start so I can write this review .
 I have a mono jack on a tv at dialysis and want to hear the sound in both ears instead of just one . So I ordered this adaptor . I got a set of cables instead and so I contacted the sell and they quickly set the right item . I tryed it out and it did not work . I contacted te seller again , and I guess of the holidays it took a few days for them to replie back , they stated to me . Would have to talk to their tec about the nonworking adaptor . I wanted for the tec to contact me but heard nothing . I ordered the adaptor from another seller got it fast and otked lie a charm . I would like a refund of this adaptor but I am not sure I would get one . Maybe I got a defective one . Tired of fooling around I wanted this so I could hear tv in both ears at dialysis .
 I ordered this mono adaptor because the one I had from Radio Shack stopped working . I have a somewhat unique problem in that I am deaf in one ear . Therefore stereo headphones where the source is truly stereo cause me to lose 1/2 the music , or hear it as very muffled and far away . Solution
 I purchased a package of these -LRB- there are 2 to a pack , which also includes 2 short pieces of heat-shrink tubing -RRB- , and another package containing Monster 200 Crimpable Ring Terminals -LRB- 4-gauge , 5/16 '' stud -RRB- . All of the connectors are identical with the simple exception of the diameter of the stud hole . These connectors have a 3/8 '' diameter hole , while the other set has a 5/16 '' diameter hole . The price is $ 3.95 with the small hole , and $ 9.99 with the 1/16 '' larger hole !!! The amount of metal surrounding the hole is the same for all connectors , so the customer pays $ 6.04 extra for 2 connectors with a 1/16 '' larger hole !! My recommendation
 I ordered numerous of these items of different gauges and it appeared they put more money into the package to look flashy vs. the quality of the terminals . They were very light weight and by no means were they rated for the gauge wire which they were sold . I 'm using these in non-car audio applications , but regardless of the application , none of the monster terminals were rated at what they were sold for . I ended up buying some non-monster terminals and have since thrown these away . They were next to useless.Corey
 I imagined these would be very good connectors . I was right in the aspect of the quality . These are very good quality connectors . However , if you do n't have the proper type of crimpers needed to crimp these , do not bother . I also tried to use a torch to solder my power wire inside of these with no luck . These are very durable and seem to be of high quality , but just make sure you know what you are getting .
 It says monster 200 crimable ring terminals . and qoute -LRB- Shipping Weight
 I was really debating whether to try this inexpensive battery out . I finally thought , how bad can it be ? It 's just a battery right ? Well , I charged it up and put it in the camera and was able to get one or two shots off . Then the battery continually shuts the camera off . Like it is pulsing or something . I would turn the camera on , it would shut itself off ... it was like the battery would run out of charge each time I turned it on . I put the original battery back in and everything works normal . Dumb move on my part to throw the packaging away before fully evaluating . If you want to take a chance , you might get a good one ... but keep your packaging just in case !
 For less than $ 20 against $ 50 for the original Olympus battery , I bought 2 of these thinking Delkin Devices is a mainstay in computer/electronics industry . But after only 2 months , one battery already refused to charge . The other battery is still charging but does n't last as long as the Olympus . I think they are really rated at 1300mAh only instead of the advertised 1500mAh . So now , I 'm getting myself another Olympus BLM-1 as the reliable backup . Save your money and go for the original .
 I bought two of these batteries in September 2004 . One worked a month and went bad . The other one is still working so far -LRB- Nov 26 , 2004 I think I 'll go back to buying the Olympus battery even though it costs more .
 Like the other reviewers I had the same problem . This is a complete rip off . The battery less then a year old does not hold or take a charge .
 Compered to the other reviews I feel like I got lucky with mine . I got about 18 months of equivalent or better battery life compared to my actual Olympus BLM-1 . I got around 30-40 charges out of the battery before it would no longer hold a charge . My original Olympus BLM-1 battery is now almost 4 years old and still holds a full charge -LRB- around 600 images on an 8080-UZ and over 1000 images on an E-510 -RRB- . I no longer purchase off-brand batteries .
 After about 10 charge cycles in the Olypus charger , it does not even hold a charge anymore . The capacity was never as much as the original Olympus battery and it continually got worse . It did not cost much but still was not worth the price . I definitely do not recommend this battery .
 the new updated driver available online still does not work for vista !!! lenovo gave this webcam away with the purchase of my new laptop because they did n't think they would lose money because they knew it would not work anyway even with the supposed new drivers available online ! what a joke ! i hate being the `` duped '' consumer . i 'm buying a $ 20 webcam from the local computer store and happily throwing this lenovo piece of XXX in the garbage .
 I like the webcam , but I am using it with an older laptop running XP . It would n't work with the brand new Thinkpad since the Thinkpad is running Vista . My telephone call to Lenovo supprt resultded in my learning that there are currently no Vista drivers available for this camera and they , while claiming to be `` working on them ' , have no date by which they are expected.It does work well and I like the auto pan and zoom feature , but I really expected to be using it on the new LT , so had I to do it again , I would buy something else that has Vista . Also , I think their specifications
 I am a little disapointed in this product . The driver cd that came with it would not load properly and I had to go online to find a good driver . The camera is not that great , either . I will keep it but would never recommend it to anyone .
 Hard to set up . Hard to use . The Brother printer i replaced it with is much better . Skip this beast .
 I purchased these radio walkie-talkies as a fun way of communicating with my brother , who lives 4 miles away . What the description does n't mention is that you can not communicate with anyone in an urban setting more than about 10 blocks away -LRB- @ 1/4 mile -RRB- ESPECIALLY if there are houses and hills . I 'm sure you can communicate 15 miles away if the radio signals had no landscape interference in between , but these are really worthless if you live in a city and the other walkie-talkie is more than a few buildings away . We even tried standing on the rooves of our apartments to give the radio waves a clearer shot , but that does n't work . The batteries die within an hour and you can charge them for days and days - the batteries still only last an hour . And withing 5 minutes of using them , the battery indicator shows you that it 's already low !! Go Uniden !
 I bought these radios for work thinking we could communicate through an eight hour shift . Not so . I think we had to recharge these every two hours and it took another three hours to charge . I would not recommend these unless you want to talk for two hours or less .
 These two-way radios are a waste of money . The battery life is too short to get much use out of them . They 're going to Goodwill and I 'm shopping for something better quality . I ca n't believe Uniden put their name on such a bad product .
 The batteries take 12-16 hours to charge , and drain out in less than an hour . I am sorry I bought these , what a joke !
 This two-way radio is far from having a 15-mile range . Apparently all these radios does not have the range that they claim . There are many reviews on different brands telling this .
 Bought these for $ 40 here on Amazon . Maybe my ear canals are just small , but even with the smallest included silicone eartips these do n't fit . With the included foam tips they do n't fit in my ear canals either . With a good seal - from a proper in-ear fit - they sound pretty good -LRB- and I have n't even done the break-in the gentleman with the video review suggests , and he expresses surprise that he had to step down in eartip size to get them in his larger-than-average ear canals -RRB- . So if you have to push them in with your hands and hold them there to achieve this sound it is n't worth it .
 The first pair that arrived had damage to the wiring in the left speaker.They were quickly replaced with a set that lasted for four mouths until the problem came back.This time the area of concern being the wiring at the base of the plug . Too bad . The sound was great while it lasted.Also the last pair of AltecLansings I 'll ever purchase .
 I followed the break-in suggestions given by the mustached fellow with too much time on his hands , unfortunately ; the earphones are still horrible months after . Actually they are amazing if you enjoy poor listening quality , losing the left side , and annoying wrap around design . Anyhow , I really hope you think twice before wasting your money ...
 I 'm a web/graphic designer and multi-media person , and somewhat of an audiophile . Audio quality was amazing , until the right piece broke apart . Yes , they were getting about an hour 's usage a day at the gym - but these are static items -LRB- once secured in your ear -RRB- , so I 'm sure how it even fell apart.Again , wonderful while they work . They really knock out outside sound when you purchase additional foam ear buds , but then - they break . They did last a little over year before this happened , but I expect something this expensive should last at least 7-9 years .
 Based on sound quality alone , these in-ear headphones are very good ; but the negative qualities greatly overshadow the sound quality . I used these phones for one and one-half years until they broke and I discoverd how bad the Altec Lansing customer support was . Here is my assessment .1 -RRB- hard to get a good fit.Altec provides several different earbud ends and it is likely one of these will work . However the only way to get a good fit is to run the cord for each earphone over and down the back of each ear . The first 2 inches of the earphone cords are stiffened so that they will hold this odd shaped arc . It takes me a lot of fiddling to get the earphones properly seated . As a result I use these earphones less frequently than other pairs I own which are easier to put on .2 -RRB- hard to tell which is the left plug and which is the right.The tiny letters L and R are slightly raised plastic black on black .3 -RRB- stiffened cable near the left earbud broke - no doubt from the amount of fiddling required.I was not too worried because it was under warranty , and furthermore the earbuds snap out from the cord . It should have been easy to get or pay for a replacement cord . Surprise ! Altec Lansing does not provide or sell replacement cords .4 -RRB- customer service is terriblePerhaps the Altec Lansing Phone Operators were on vacation for 2 weeks , but all I could get no matter what time I called during their business hours was a message saying , `` Call volumes are heavy , please call back later . '' The Altec Lansing Website has a webchat feature , but it is only available for 1/2 hour per week at start of day Wed morning East Coast time . You can write them an E-Mail which I have done , and maybe that will be the key to getting through before my warranty runs out . No luck so far.Bottom line I do not recommend these or any other Altec Lansing Headphones .
 I bought em a month ago went to gym for for cardio . All the sudden in middle of my run they stopped working and day later they started working again . then left speaker stop . I returned them and bought V-moda . .
 I bought this 3 weeks ago after reading the fairly good reviews . Boy I was wrong !!!! The headphone broke after an HOUR !!!! IT literally came apart and I was so shocked at the quality and mailed it back to the Amazon store thinking this would surely result infull credit back into my account . Well , wrong again , I still have n't received the `` promised '' email saying they issued the credit and not even an apology form Amazon store regarding this atrocious product . I did check with my credit card company to be sure , but still NO credit . I have been using Amazon for over 10 years and this has been very unusual yet still very upset with their incredibly poor customer care . Will not shop for Christmas with them for sure .
 I purchased the earbuds based on the reviews . While the price is attractive , the sound is tinny and lacks depth and richness . I tried to break in the earbuds as others have suggested , but heard little improvement in the sound . I think the issue is fit . While there are 4 different ear attachments included with the package , none of the them fully block the ambient sound which affects the base level.Though I paid $ 40 , if the headphones are not fully usable it 's $ 40 too much . I see the price fluctuated from $ 35 to $ 100 , I would avoid the headphones if it 's over $ 40 . Not worth the investment and I would look elsewhere .
 Anytime you move at all wearing these headphones they fall or pull out of your ears ... I do n't know if it is the unusually stiff wire that the company used or the odd angle of the earphones design but I found them impossible to actually use ... I went through all the different ear fittings that were furnished to no avail ... I had some small success by stealing the fittings from another unused brand of headphones ... do n't get me wrong ... these headphones sound great ... just do n't expect to actually do anything but lie down and listen with them .
 i bought this earphones because i got a good deal and i had read some good reviews on it.I thought it would be a good catch but this pair of headphone turned out to be a total mess.This earphones has weired design and very difficult to manage.The sound is also poor.I own several other pairs of earphones like Altec lancing UHP 306 , JVC , Sennheiser . These earphones sound lot better than this high priced set.i have used this set only twice so far -LRB- i own it since last 2 months -RRB- and i got bad headache both of the times.I strongly recommend not to buy UHP 336 . This is the worst piece of earphone i ever had .
 Altec Lansing UHP336 Snugfit In-ear EarphoneEnticed by a number of positive reviews , I purchased these earphones recently -LRB- about two weeks ago -RRB- -LRB- April 2009 -RRB- . I am terribly disapointed
 I bought these a few weeks after they became available here . I got only 3 or 4 uses out of them before the wire came out of the left side , and I had taken the greatest care not to put any stress on any part of them . I should have asked for my money back but instead I threw them away and made a mental note to not buy anything branded with the name Altec Lansing .
 Lots of flailing arms!WARNING WARNING WILL ROBINSON !!! I have decided these headphones are pretty lame . They do get better but they are so bad when new , you wish yourself into believing they will get better . But they really do n't . Save your real money and buy something that actually sound good , not something you hope will get better.I should say that these are good for audio books because of good noise isolation and comfort for my ears but your out of luck if you decide to listen to music , so why bother ?
 Quality : I was using this earphone for a few months . I enjoyed the quality - when I am on the subway -LRB- loud NYC subway -RRB- , it does isolate noises pretty well and I can always keep the volume of my music low . Even for classical piano music , I only need 15-20 % of the volume and I can still enjoy the music.Durability : After a few months , the plastic that wraps around the cable on the right ear started to crack open . It 's the area with a curve that goes around your ear . It was a small crack at first , eventually the crack was too long that you can see 1 inch of the cable wires.Customer Service : I followed the steps for Warranty Return . I first emailed them with the picture and a brief description of the damage , and my proof of purchase . Got an automated email back from them saying I will get a response within 72 hours . I did not hear back from them after 3 weeks . I emailed them again and no response . Now I have this working but unwearable earphones sitting at home . The way this manufacturer/company handles damaged products under warranty is unacceptable .
 These earbuds sound fantastic . The problem is that they broke after about 3 months . The weak point is the area where the wire meets the earbud . This is the where you are able to separate the wire from the bud to replace the main wire incase of failure . This area broke and the small wire from inside the bud came out leaving the bud dangling , was not able to fix . They are not very comfortable either . The wire that wraps around the top of your ears hurts for awhile and they are not very comfortable in the ear even with the proper sized rubber pieces . Maybe this is why they are $ 40 now instead of $ 130 . My advice , for what it is worth is look for something else .
 Dead on arrival . No sound in the left earbud . Tried on several devices.Disappointed .
 I go through a lot of ear buds every year . I typically love Altec Lansing but these are the worst designed ear buds I could possibly imagine . Looping the cord around your ear ? Are you kidding me ? I would forgive that if the quality was great ... but THAT is even worse . No bass whatsoever . I got these instead of the typical Altec 's I usually purchase because they were cheaper -LRB- due to a sale and no shipping -RRB- ... such a horrible decision .
 As with other electronic items I have purchased on Amazon , the price seemed to good to believe for the advertised product . It was . One of the earphones already does n't work after only six weeks of relatively light use . I can only conclude that electronic products listed here are re-treads , seconds or items of otherwise dubious quality . I 've learned my lesson and will limit my purchases on Amazon to durable goods like books . Buyers beware .
 Save your money and hire a guy to just yell at you . It would probably be more enjoyable than buying these .
 A rebranded IEM sounded like a great deal . When I tried it , I expected music to sound much better . It was just an ok pair of IEMs . I would save for a better pair that actually has a wider frequency . Bass is lacking , highs are ok , and mids are accurate . I am not really impressed . To get the most out of them , I broke these in 2x over two days for about 15 hrs each day . Sound was better , but still lacking the range . These are good for most needs of most people , but not for those who are going to use these as monitors or while working out . I have tried much better in ear monitors , but most are at a higher cost.I do not recommend these.Pros : Accurate mids and highsCheapNice CordA bit on the larger side -LRB- sticks out of ears like little guns -RRB- Does not isolate noise well as some others -LRB- consider noise cancellation if you want more noise blocking -RRB- Cons : Cord a bit shortEar sleeves hurt ears when using for a long periodSeal is sometimes not adequate -LRB- foam may be better -RRB- Microphonics is present sometimes , even when sitting still but moving head or when transportation is movingBass lackingWire to plug connection a bit weakWire is stiffEarphone sleeves pop off easily and gets lostWire -LRB- s -RRB- a bit heavy and bulky -LRB- not great for on the go -RRB-
 I was excited to try out this product , as I wanted to upgrade from my old Creative in-ear headphones , and the majority of the positive reviews on Amazon convinced me -LRB- and the price at the time -RRB- to purchase these . I decided to also purchase a pack of comply foam tips to further customize these earphones.All went well for about two weeks - the sound was amazing , I had my mp3 player set to the lowest volume possible and I could still hear the music clearly and no background noise . In some cases it made me annoyed at the low quality some mp3s are ripped at as I could now hear the hiss and erratic volume gradiation on the tracks.Then last night , as I was adjusting the tip on the left earpiece - the left earpiece felt a little loose , but I did n't think much of it , and just tried to wiggle it gently back into place . Big mistake . The top of the earpiece snapped off completely.I did not expect that - it was n't exactly a Hulk-like amount of force that I was using . So I 'm a bit disappointed at how unexpectedly flimsy these were.Perhaps I got a lone lemon as I did n't see this type of complaint in the other reviews .
 I bought these earphones based on price and the reviews on February 1 , 2010 . After the initial break-in period , I found the sound quality to be excellent and was really pleased at getting them for only $ 39.95 . My friends would tell you that I take very good care of my electronics and taking good care of these earphones was no exception . I used the case that was provided when I transported them . I was careful to install the earphones as recommended in the review video here at Amazon.com and per the instructions that came with the earphones.On March 19 , 2010 , I transported the earphones in the carrying case and I placed them with my mp3 player in the center tray of my car . When I arrived at my destination , I removed the earphones and plugged them into my mp3 player and began the process of placing the ear pieces in my ears.As usual , first I place the ear pieces in my ears to get a snug fit -LRB- handling them by the housing -RRB- , then I 'd loop the rigid wire over my ear . As I looped the right side wire over my ear , the wire completely separated from the body of the ear piece . It separated at the joint where the body of the earphone meets the housing that holds the wire . `` No big deal '' I thought , because there is a two-year limited warranty . This is where the * REAL * trouble began : I sent an email on March 22 , 2010 to -LSB- ... -RSB- as directed in the warranty instructions to request a return authorization for warranty service . I received an automated reply from -LSB- ... -RSB- -LRB- Plantronics -RRB- , which stated `` Your question has been received . You should expect a response from us within 72 hours . `` No response.Then I sent another email for a warranty service request on March 26 , 2010 . I got another confirmation that my request was received and to expect a response within 72 hours.Still no response.Then on April 1 , 2010 , I decided to call their Customer Service at -LRB-800-RRB- 258-3288 . If you love getting the run-a-round after waiting 50 minutes , you 're going to love the Altec Lansing/Plantronics company . You 'll find that it will be an exercise in complete futility.Here 's the bottom line :1 . The sound quality and the price get a 5 star rating .2 . The comfort gets a 3 star rating because they can get uncomfortable if you use them for long periods of time .3 . The construction and durability really should n't even gets a 0 start rating .4 . Online/offline Customer Service/Warranty Service , both get a 0 start rating as well.I know that there are a lot of reviews here that really like these earphones and have no problems with them . And I 'd probably be one of them if I could get them fixed . After all , the product 's warranty is only as good as the company that stands behind it.My recommendation is to pass on these earphones .
 Product broke on 1st use , unable to find how to return . Lost money on this .
 The sound quality is good ; the bass is clean and not boomy . Unfortunately , one of the earpieces fell apart within a week of their being delivered -- the fourth time I used them . I can not recommend them .
 Read the reviews here and followed advice to break them in before I even stuck them in my ears . It may be mental -LRB- and if it is , that 's fine -RRB- but these sound pretty fantastic . I listen mostly to talk radio and the voices are clear and crisp . When I do throw on some music everything sounds to me as it should.If there 's a problem with these headphones I 'd say it 's in the construction . I 've had them less than a week and the casing is already pulling away from the plug -LRB- the end you 'd insert into your music player -RRB- . The wiring seems sturdy , so I 'm not scared it will fray , but it is a little troubling that they seem to have started to fall apart so soon under fairly light use . The casing itself could also cause a problem . It 's very stiff which I understand is so you can bend it to hold the plugs in your ears better , but I 'm a bit worried when the weather gets colder it could get too stiff and possibly crack.Comfort wise , they 're OK , once you find the right fitting . I was excited to see it was possible to mod some Shure Triple Flange fittings , but thus far I 've been unable to . That said , I 've gotten used to the single flange provided with the buds and they seem to form a good seal with my ear , so it may not be necessary in the long run.Overall I 'd recommend these if you want good sound but do n't want to pay a high end price . If you tend to be rough on your headphones like I am , you may want to shy away or learn to be more careful.Addition January 09 , 2010 : These headphones have completely fallen apart . The crack I feared in the original review did in fact finally happen about a week ago . Unfortunately today when trying to remove the headphones from my iPod , the casing pulled away completely from the jack.They did sound fantastic , but were not able to last 4 months under 6 days a week usage .
 I decided to purchase this item based on other reviews , and I even bought the Comply foam ear tips just in case . The only good thing I can say about these earphones is they sound good ; otherwise , they do n't stay in the ear no matter what I do . Even using the Comply foam ear tips does n't work . The only way I can get them to stay in the ear is to not move at all . I ca n't imagine trying to jog or even walk while wearing these . I 'd like to send these back but I doubt they 'd let me , since they 're used .
 Sound and sound quality are very subjective . I found these earphones solid and well-built . However , to my ear the sound is a bit `` tinny '' and thin without the rich bass I have gotten with other earphones . I listen to classical and some vocal . I was disappointed in the quality . It improves somewhat with volume -- but there is a limit to this.To another , perhaps more educated ear , these may be just the thing . I am putting them away and going back to my JLab ear buds .
 So I got these things and tried burning them in -LRB- playing music for a few hours at a relatively high volume -RRB- , however the sound from the Altec Lansing UHP336s is poor . Even at low volume , they ca n't handle highs . They distort so bad I have to question their range . I 'm really disappointed . The clarity is weak and the distortion is ridiculous.Outside of that , the build quality is magnificent . The cord is thick enough so as to not tangle and hold up to abuse . I was n't even bothered by the cord rubbing against clothing as the reverberation has been known to bug some reviewers on here . The actual speakers are quite large for earphones , but they detach from the cord and I suppose that would facilitate swapping them if one blows BUT I 'd fancy it more if Altec fixed them and even redesigned them to be smaller -LRB- and cheaper if you were to buy the speakers alone and attach them to the cord you already own -RRB- . Basically , they come with your run of the mill stuff in terms of fitments for noise isolation . They also come with a tool to clear out earwax . Lastly , you get a warranty card to send in . I believe the warranty is for 2 years -LRB- someone correct me if I 'm mistaken -RRB- . It 's at a great price but probably worth investing in something else , honestly.Edit
 Edit
 it was always too hard for me to find in-ear headphones that fit perfectly . this pair was great in terms of the fit and comfort . i jogged and exercised in them for a couple of weeks with no problem . however , the right ear bud broke after only two weeks . will try to return .
 I had to return this product to Altec Lansing due to a minor defect . So far it 's been a month and I still do n't have my earphones . The worst of it is that they lie about when they 'll be sending a replacement . My three customer service calls have all yielded the same assurance that a replacement will be sent immediately . They said the same thing today . I 've rarely come across such terrible customer service and despite the excellent audio quality of these earphones , I will never purchase another product from Altec Lansing .
 As per most of the reviews . The Bass is missing from these earphones . I you do n't like base at all ; then these earphones are made for you . I tried to `` Break in '' the earphones as was mentioned in the video review . But no luck with the bass . It will never come out.Beside that the ergonomics is pretty bad . You wont like the kind of fit these have on your ear . The earphone extends out of your ear and hardly fits in position when you are moving .
 I hardly ever write reviews , but it was that bad.The sound quality is good for the price and just what I was looking for . That is the only plus . The cord is rigid so it holds the form if you wrap them around an ipod . Folding the cord around your ear is annoying and after 9 month of adjustments , still was unable to get them to sit comfortably.I use them causally at my desk and working out a couple times a week , and the right ear piece already severed off because of the metal used to form the shape to your ear . The buds them selves are borderline painful to get used to . And once you do , good luck getting them to stay put in your ear . $ 50 should last longer than 9 months .
 Bought in October 2009 , based on price and user reviews.The sound quality is acceptable enough if you can achieve a decent fit in the ear canal . However , it is not that simple for me . My canals must be small because the normal silicon buds usually do not seat well without considerable pressure . As often as not , they will loosen and sit idly near the point where they might just fall out . Chewing anything -LRB- yes , I might eat something while listening to podcasts and music -RRB- simply encourages their slippage out of the canal.The cords are stiff and never got more supple . With the even stiffer portion that slips over the year , they constantly would become entangled and require two hands to unentwine.I never had any durability problem at the buds , but the jack portion 's reinforced section where the cord enters the jack became exposed . It did not affect the sound , so I used E6000 flexible cement to reattach the cord to the jack . This had to be repeated twice thus far , but it 's an acceptable maintenance of the equipment.My big frustrations with these earbuds are the stiff cords and the fit within the canal . I 'm usually accommodating for shortcomings , but these make me not consider them for repurchase.I also have Shure E3c earbuds , and find them a better fit , with more supple cords , and appreciably better sound quality , especially with foam buds .
 They do not sound any better than the cheap ones I had and the cheap ones are much more comfortable . I am very disappointed with these .
 First of all let me tell you I 'm not new on IEMs . I know how to get a right fitment for these types of earphones and get the EQ to optimize the sound . So lets get to the pros and cons.Pro : - Looks like and sounds like the UE super.fi3 which is much more expensive-Soundstage is almost good in the higher bands , treb is pleasant and not harsh , mid is a little bit lacking , but not bad.-Comes with tons of tips , manuals and a pretty box.-Cable is thick and durable , but makes lot of noise.-Relatively cheap for the kind of iem they are -LRB- uses a armature microdriver instead of a common diaprahg speaker -RRB- Now cons.-Although the SQ is good in the higher frequencies , it totally lacks bass . Comparing it to a cheaper earphone , the jvc aircushion , or the senheisser cx300 , these had no bass at all . NONE . I tired with every single tip , the fitment was right , but there was no bass.-Broke within 4 days . The cord is detachable and supossed to be easily replaceable . So I decided to take it off just to see the plug . When I applied force , the whole plug broke and all I had in my hand was the bare wire with 2 stripped terminals . I dissarmed it and the armature driver only had 1 lead coming out from it , there is no way i can re-do that connection , it was broken.-The earphone is unconfortable , at least for me . the over the ear design will hurt your ear after 1 hour of wearing . The fitment was snug as the name implies , but ut was really , really snug.Compared with cheaper earphones , lets say the senheisser cx300 , jvc fx66 , jbuds J3 or even the stock earphones that comes with the zune 2nd gen , these really dissapoints . For the price one would expect a balanced sound , not earphones that have no bass at all . Do not waste your money on these unless you enjoy bass-less music.And if you ever get one of these , do not even try to remove the cable from the bud . the plug is too tight and it will break if force is apllied .
 Sound was good except for the bass which was very weak . Isolation was good . But they broke in about a week without being able to be repaired . Cheap ? Sure , but a total waste to money and time trying to figure out if they can be repaired . I guess that 's why the price was so low . Too good to be true .
 I 'm going on my fourth pair of Altec Lansing UHP336 earbuds . To the point
 For the money , I have found nothing that comes close to these in sound quality . -LRB- They are exactly the same as a pricier Ultimate Ears set , BTW , just re-branded . -RRB- I found a way to get comfortable with them , by making my own foam tips . But the problem remains , THEY BREAK . Either the wires break at the connection to the ear piece or the connector itself comes unglued - and THEN the wires break . It is impossible to repair with a soldiering iron , because the wires are tiny , and they get lost in the sealed earpiece cavity.I have bought two replacement sets , both times thinking I could make it work if I were just a little more careful . I wo n't be getting a fourth set .
 These Earphones are so complicated to put on your ear . It takes me at least 1-2 minutes to wrap these wires around my ear properly/comfortably so it would n't get loose in my ear . Most of the times I avoid the hassle and let it dangle just like regular earphones -LRB- but they fall out easily -RRB- . There is absolutely NO BASS at all but the treble and the clarity is pretty decent . I listen to a lot of hip hop so I 'm very disappointed by the lack of bass on these earphones . I got them for $ 20 so I 'm not going to bother returning it , if it was more than that I definitely would .
 I bought these quite a while ago but have not used them at all . I tried them with my mp3 player when I first got them and compared to the cheap JVC marshmellow earbuds I was using from Walmart , they were extremely dissappointing . Sure they have sharp , crisp highs , strong clear midrange , but that is where the music stops !!!! There is no bass , nothing , empty of all lower frequencies . I have given them a three day continuous burn in with music , I have given then days with various frequency sweeps from burninwave.com and still have no bass . And yea I have tried every tip they came with plus every tip I have around from other sets and nothing.I did not buy these for my mp3 player , I accually bought them for my electric drums set . The buds I use now on my drums are a sony brand . I bought them because they said they had extended bass response . They were 45 $ four years ago . With those the drums sound like thunder in my head . With the Altec Lansing buds it sounds like the drums are in tin cans.If you like high and mid range with NO bass these are the buds for you . If you like bass in your music do n't buy these .
 Very dissapointed with these . No bass ... Not comfortable . Not good value even at the $ 30 price !
 When I accidentally order two pair of these i thought that i would have at least one of them around for a long time . First pair destroyed when i had them in the outside pocket of my computer bag ; the ear piece completely disconnected from the cord . I did n't think that it was too awful and was partially my fault . But , now that the second pair has done the same thing with absolutely no abuse , I think that the manufacturing quality must be terrible.I would not reccomend these to anyone . Sound is good , not great , but they wont function long.Stay away !
 I have several in-ear headphones -- shure , v-moda , sony -- and these are by far the best sounding . Great depth , clarity , space between instruments , and , yes , hearing things that I had never heard before on any sound system . When I first got them , I could n't find the `` L '' and `` R '' markers to figure out how to fit them in my ears . The instructions were n't that clear , so after messing with them for a bit , I finally got them in my ears so that they would stay . Great seal , however , after a little while -LRB- more than 30 minutes -RRB- they started to hurt my ears . I could n't wear them for long without making my ears sore . After shining a bright flashlight over the ear pieces I found that I had the ear pieces in the wrong ears . But trying to insert them in the correct way , the earphones keep falling out . Either way , it takes a bit of effort to get them into your ears and seated correctly.Then , I accidentally hooked one of the ear pieces on something and it popped off . It reconnected , but there is no sound . Like I said , I 've had other headphones of this type , try to handle them with care and have never had this problem before . these are great sounding headphones at a great price , but since mine only lasted about 2 weeks , and are difficult to put on and make my ears sore , it ends up being a waste of $ 40 .
 I know sound is subjective , but these do not sound good . They are okay for audiobooks but music sounds shrill and lacks richness . Even the default ipod headphones that are sold with the player are superior in sound.But they are more comfortable than any buds I 've tried .
 very uncomfortabledecent soundno bass whatsoever , not even after breaking in , sure , it sounds a little bit better but still poorwire got loose and break after couple months of useThe only reason why I bought this because this mustache guy on front page hypes it so much and I was stupid enough to believe it . I 'll never gon na trust online review anymore after going through many headphone and majority of them are trash . I learned my lesson , If I want to buy a good headphone then go to any retail store like Best Buy , try it out in person rather than reading bias reviews by the users on here .
 I paid $ 80 for headphones that I could use for 3 months . I essentially paid $ 27 per month for these headphones . They have been falling apart for weeks , the wires are exposed because the shoddy plastic encasing has fallen apart , simply from normal use . Even at the lower price , I expect something that costs $ 80 to last for more than 12 weeks .
 If you plan on using these everyday and use them often , I do not suggest purchasing these . They do not fit quite right , which caused me to constantly fiddle with it and eventually the earbud fell off . I heard they were detatchable , but these just straight up broke off , nothing was getting it back on . Poor quality and the sound quality really was n't that impressive .
 I would n't usually bother myself to write review , but I absolutely feel I have to because this product is terrible . No other words needed . Reasons are as follows : First , the most important - sound quality - is terrible . Regardless of high or bass or any range of sound , this earphone produces like an old radio style sound . It does n't give such feeling of `` full '' sound . It gives a very shallow sound . It gives an incomplete sound quality . It just sounds like you are listening to 1970 's old radio music . It is hard to explain , but some people will know what I am talking about . It just does NOT sound like the way music is supposed to be played.Second , the ring around the ear . It is uncomfortable . There is thick metal only at the earphone area , and then it 's just wire from there to the plug . You have to bend this metal to use the earphone . I think it 's a good idea to keep the shape of the wire around the ear , but that metal is too thick , and feels burdensome on ears . It sometimes even gives much pressure on the ears , and feels heavy on both ears.Those two reasons above will be understood most people if they use this product , and here are some of my ` personal ' reasons why I did n't like this product . For me , the earbud did not block sound . I constantly had to plug the earphone more inside of my ears to actually experience the blocking of noise around . And , it is a very bad habit , and gives illness on ears.Just do not buy this product . There are other better earphones that you can buy with this price and the same brand . I do n't have altec & lensing ; , but this particular item has too much errors.I decided to buy this because it 's a famous brand , and it seemed cheap , and it 's a around-the-ear earphone to keep stable . But , it is never true . You get what you pay for . This item is definitely not recommended .
 When I first got these , I loved them . Sound was good . When used with my Shure orange foam inserts , the noise cancellation was as good as my $ 300 . + Bose over-the-ear headphones.But , after very light use -LRB- 3x a week at the gym for 4 weeks -RRB- , and storing them in the padded case that comes with them , the wire broke in two at the connection to the earbud itself . Too much money to pay for a month of light use . Do n't waste your money .
 Oh boy where do i start?First of all these earbuds were awesome.A little low on the bass side , but i had n't had the change to break them in , excellent mid 's and highs.They fit excellent once i found the correct ear tips , i liked the foam pair they included.They are a little bulky but nobody noticed , not even my teachers during school.I thought these would last a long time , hence why i bought them , and i was so excited when they arrived , and i when i had them in my hands they are a little plastic like feeling , but after a closer examination i found these were really high quality buds.I loved how thick the cables were and they appeared that they would not break down at all , and they do not tend to get tied up in knots like some earbud cables do.The problem was halfway through my school day i put these in my ear , and a teacher came in and started to talk about stuff , so i decided i should take them out and listen . i pulled on the cord on the left ear set and it came out , i tugged on the right , and the entire cable just came right out , and i stood there looking dumbfounded becuase i could see the solder still on the tip of the wires . i was fairly upset that they couldnt take a little tug on the ear , this is the second set of earbuds that wrap around the ear , and theese take the cake for build quality.I dont know if it was just dumb luck that gave me a pair of cr4p earbuds or what , but im really dissapointed , and im gon na go back to the cheap 20 $ pair of panasonics which i got off amazon as well , which have not fallen apart yet.-Edit i should also note that the earbuds are meant to disconnect at the ends to protect them in case they get snagged or the cable gets snagged , but instead my pair just ripped the wires from the speaker driver . half of the 1 star reviews are becuase the drivers fell off and they connected the wrong pins back up , there is a little nub on both the earbud driver , and the cable , which should be aligned when re-attaching them . : -RRB-
 Did my research and settled on these based on the recommendations and price point of < $ 50 . The over-the-ear fit was also very attractive . Neither of these attributes can make up for what I perceive as a total lack of deep rich bass sound that I was hoping for . I have tried all of the different plugs and while the foam inserts are best , the base sound they provide still do not compare to the standard iPod earphones . While the sound is clear , there is no depth and certainly no bass even when listening to reggae and HIP-HOP jams .
 I bought this product at a reduced price-from $ 99 to $ 39 , and now I know why . The cable pulled out of the right ear speaker and is not repairable . So maybe the price was reduced because the product quality is not good . I have bought Altec Lansing in the past with no problems , maybe this is an isolated issue . But I would not purchase these again , nor would I recommend this to a friend .
 The ear buds and wires are too heavy therefor the buds do n't stay in your ear . Then one day as I was changing the ear bud foam tip - it just broke off . Waste of money . I went back to the reliable JVC ear buds that I had used before which are much lighter and cost .
 Sound quality is great after breaking them in . but after few uses , the earpiece broke in 2 . I did n't abuse them and they were sitting in my gym bag . It seems each earpiece is assembled by connecting 2 pieces . Whatever holds them together does n't hold up .
 I wanted to like these earbuds , after all , they were only half off for a Gold Box Deal , but ultimately , their lack of bass really killed it for me.I tried leaving them playing for maybe 6-8 hours to see if the `` burn-in '' might help , but I did n't really notice any difference . Changing the buds themselves seems to help a little bit ; I went from the tri-flange silicone attachment to the single , rubbery bulb . After doing this , I noticed that there was more of an `` ear-plug '' feel , which made them less comfortable . After doing this , the bass went from a 0.3 out of 10 to a 1.0 out of 10 . So in my opinion , totally not worth it , I 'll gladly stick to my default Zune earbuds.Oh , but the highs and mids did sound nice , I will admit . But bass is equally important to me , so I 'm giving these a 1 out of 5 .
 Summary - go for another set of earbudsI bought these for work , so have only used them sitting at a desk connected to a laptopPros : - Sound quality is fine -LRB- not amazing , but not bad either -RRB- - Cords are very durableCons : - Extremely uncomfortable - They do n't stay in my ears -LRB- and I 've tried every size -RRB- - The cords are really stiff causing them to stick out awkwardly and get in the way
 After hearing how good music can sound through quality headphones , I knew that I had to upgrade . After seeing the list price is supposed to be 130 dollars , and amazon was selling them for 40 dollars , I could n't resist . I was hoping that these headphones would give me the quality that I was looking for , but they fall very short.The biggest problem is the lack of bass . I disregarded some of the warnings about the lack of bass because I 'm not a bass-head by any means , but these headphones lack so strongly in bass that I feel like I 'm missing a huge part of the songs . The fit is good for my ears , so that 's not the problem . The highs and mids are very clear.These iem 's are not very portable , and they do not have good enough sound quality to use as a home earphone . I would definitely recommend over-the-ear headphones for that purpose.When I bought these , I also bought a pair Jbuds J2 's to use as a beater pair . I now prefer the J2 's because they sound better and are more portable.Also , it 's worth noting that these are definitely NOT monitor quality earphones .
 I got these last summer , and have used them on and off since then . The noise isolation is pretty good , but I still find the earpieces some of the most uncomfortable of the many different earbuds I 've owned over the years . The sound quality is only decent , even after breaking them in as suggested . Other ear buds in this price range sound much better to my ears -LRB- these produce a pretty accurate sound , but it does n't sound as full as other headphones -RRB- , but they all broke more quickly.In short , decent sound , seems durable , not much fun to wear for long periods of time .
 I bought a pair of these last year , and within one week one of the earbuds came off the wire . So I contacted Amazon , and they were very kind to send me a second pair , which lasted a little longer , but ended up with the same problem . I hate generalizing , but it seemed to me that these earphones were horribly designed . They would remain put together if you sat in a chair every time you listen to your MP3 player and did n't move , but we know that that is not the case for most of us
 i have owned the bose in ear headphones and they are amazing . These on the other hand are absolutely junk , there is no bass at all . whoever reviewed these to be comparable to $ 140 headphones sold is telling you B.S. do not purchase these if your looking for a quality headphone because these are not them . Nothing but treble no bass ... -LRB- not worth the money -RRB- and yes i realized its only $ 50 but you could put that in your tank !!! and get more out of it !!!
 These broke when i tried to remove the cord :-LRB- it ripped the wiring out . Im going to call Altec but i doubt theyll do anyting , what a waste of $ 50 . I never even got to listen to them .
 I purchased these for two reasons
 I got this yesterday as an Amazon Lightning Deal purchase . Thinking the price was a steal considering the Altec Lansing brand and a large number of positive reviews here , I was quite disappointed with its low frequency response -LRB- little to no bass -RRB- . I played Jennifer Lopez 's Waiting For Tonight -LRB- this song has lots of bass -RRB- on my iPod Touch and connected Altec Lansing UHP336 Earphone to it . The experience was terrible.About four months ago , I got a chance to test another in-ear earphone offered by Amazon . It costs almost twice as much as the UHP336 and claims to have richer sound because some parts of it were made from WOOD . When I first put them on , it sounded nowhere close to what the maker claimed . Basically , it had the same symptom as this UHP336 - there is no bass ! Now this earphone that is made of wood sounds very nice . It produces sounds that are indeed much richer.This leads me to suspect that perhaps some earphone/headphone need to be broken-in in order to perform to their makers ' claims . This is really unfortunate because many people make judgements based on first impressions . At this point , the most I can give on this product is two stars.I 'll be back to update my review , hopefully , when this earphone begins to sound better in a couple weeks.Update -LRB- 4-27-2011 -RRB- I recently purchased a pair of Altech Lansing UHS206 Back Beat Plus Mobile , which not only produces amazing deep bass , it costs less than half the price of UHP336 . The only minor negative of this pair of earphones is that it is not suitable for use while exercising , because movement of the earphone cords will produce noises that would interfere with whatever you are listening to .
 I do n't know if I got a defective pair . There is a constant annoying background low pitch static noise . The noise becomes less noticeable when the music starts , however , it becomes fairly noticeable when the music is quite -LRB- the beginning of the song/the pause between the music -RRB- . The good news is that the sound quality is excellent . Very neutral , plenty of bass to me -LRB- when I listened to the drum beats -RRB- , very good transparency and the sound is very comfortable.I also has a pair of Altec UHP326 Backseat earbuds , I compared them side by side , 336 definitely sound one or two notches better -LRB- I listened to the CD , not compressed mp3 music -RRB- . for one , 336 is extremely sensitive , helps to pick up minute details , I only need to turn my cd player volume setting to 6-10 ; while 326 need to get to 20 -25 to get the same loudness ; and the sound is less transparency , and the high frequency is too sharp for me ears , and they tend to miss some details . With that said , 326 is still a very good pair of earbuds , the sound overall is quite neutral.The cons of 336:1 . low level of background hizz -LRB- maybe mine are defective ? -RRB- 2 . The cable is thick , but not cloth like 326 , so it tends to tangle a lot .3 . The earbuds are not easy to put on . You will have to put the earbuds in first , then work on the thick wire to mold the shape to hook around your ears every time.The pros : Sound quality ! They are just one or two classes above most the earbuds at this price range ! -LRB- that 's if you enjoy neutral , unprocessed non-bass-heavy sound -RRB- . I will contact Altec CS and find out if my earbuds indeed are defective , or the earbuds are too sensitive that they just pick up the background static noisce -LRB- my 326 do n't have this problem -RRB- .
 These earphone whe purchase to replace the original than come with the Sansa Fuze but their sound is not as impressive as I expected . It does n't have much bass and the sound is not really crisp . In addition , they have an unconfortablle in-ear fit .
 Do NOT buy it . First , it is not comfortable . It makes your ears suffocated . I am OK with the base . But there is annoying static noise in the background . Also you can hear your moves and breath clearly . Not worth the money even with the huge discount . Get something else ...
 I watched the video by MJ and bought a pair , `` broke them in '' according to his recommendation , and well , these are just average headphones . ------- 9 months later , the left pod has died . It 's about half the volume of the right one . And yes , I did clean it out .
 Just that simple folks . Do n't be fooled . There is no way to create any kind of bass or low end frequency whatsoever from an ear bud . The driver is just way too small . The reason for bass is because the driver pushes a large amount of air in a short period of time . The drivers in any ear bud do not have the capability to do this . I have tried a dozen different ear buds , all different brand , all different prices , but pretty much all with the same result . Ear buds are not ear friendly . If you want any kind of low end bass get an over the ear headphone . The only thing you 're going to do with an ear bud is destroy your hearing . The Altec Lansing ear buds you reading about right now are garbage . I have a $ 15 pair from Walmart and a $ 12 pair from Best Buy that sound the same , if not better . Also , the construction/quality of this item is awful . One of my ear buds just came right off while I was using it . You may think I was being too rough with them or something , but I was actually just sitting on campus studying . I would not recommend this product to anyone . In the world of ear buds you do not get what you pay for . They 're pretty much all the same . Garbage .
 i 've never been more excited and then more disappointed than I was with these headphones.thought i was getting a steal .1 - they are too heavy for earbuds , so you ca n't run , walk , or do anything else moving while wearing them .2 - sound quality was weak , zero bass3 - shape and cord is awkward.do not buy .
 I am very surprised at these other reviews - I relied on them and bought these phones , but was immediately disappointed .1 . I am not at all impressed with the sound quality and believe I can get similar performance with $ 10 or $ 20 . This price is just not worth it for this sound .2 . Unless I jam them in my ear , the bass is non-existent .3 . They constantly work themselves out of my ear and sometimes completely fall out . The the `` fit kit '' included in the package is worthless.I regret not trying these out before buying and am very disappointed in myself for spending this much on what I thought would be a good pair of earphones . Beware .
 I thought this would be a great bargain but I am disappointed with the sound quality . I 've always bought in-ear monitors , and out of 8 different sets I have owned , this one has the least bass . The highs and mids are clean , but the bottom end is missing entirely . I have let them play at high volume for several days to see if that would improve the sound -LRB- as suggested by other reviews -RRB- , but it did not . I used the several different types of ear pieces included , and I have also tried using ear pieces from other headphones . Still the bottom end of the sound spectrum is missing.I can not recommend these.I ended up getting Klipsch S4 and am very happy with the sound quality .
 These headphones sounded great while they lasted , which was only about a week . One day I put them in and one side was just dead . The stiff wire was pretty cumbersome too . The little cylindrical plastic inside foam ear tip that came with the headphones fell apart immediately . I purchased a nice set of foam ear tips that made the headphones sound a lot nicer for the short time they worked . I now know the reason for the steep discount on this item.On a different note I just received my Razer Protone m-100 in ear headphones and they sound phenomenal . Same price range and way better sound . Here 's to hoping they have a better lifespan than the item on this page.Good luck .
 I bought this thinking that it would be a good replacement for my Shure in-ear monitors . This pair is rather rigid and inflexible . It does n't fit comfortably around the ears . Its length is way too short . Quality of product , I 'd say it meets bare minimum function . Its sound clarity is good , it block out ambient sound , but not totally.If given a choice , I would have given this a miss .
 I was really excited about these headphones . They were the first real upgrade from whatever I picked up in the drug store or already came with my iPod . I used them daily for working out , listening to lectures , or just listening to music walking to and from class . However , after a month the leads disconnected from the right ear bud . I was expecting a little more in the durability department . That said , the sound was fantastic , the noise cancellation effect was perfect , and they were quite comfortable .
 This is my 2nd pair of Altec Lansing UHP336 , and these will be returned for a complete refund . On both of my pairs , the glue holding parts of the cable to components like the y-split and headphone housing is very faulty , resulting in exposed wire and general unhappiness for everyone involved . As for the actual sound of these headphones ? These are worth every penny . These headphones surpass everything I 've owned in the past , including the famed Koss KSC-75 . Having only $ 40 from this refund , I 'll definitely be sacrificing sound quality for proper build quality.I 'm listening to these right now , staring at this precarious exposed wire , wishing these did not have to go back . Everything about this headphone is amazing . Fit , comfort , sound quality -LRB- the bass even opened up in the first 10 hours of listening . . That , or I just got used to it -RRB- , but the build quality makes me not want to take another chance on these .
 My goal is to have earbuds for my iPhone which are more comfortable and sound better than the set that came with it . When I received these , I `` broke them in '' as advised for 24 hours and then popped them in for a listen . They sounded okay , but switching between these and the standard iPhone earbuds , the Apple earbuds had far better sound and range . I used them a bit longer , but no matter what they simply do not sound as good as the Apple earbuds which I find terribly uncomfortable .
 I bought a MacBook from Amazon . It worked fine for 2 days until all of a sudden , it started to freeze up on me and shut off automatically . I tried to get apple to fix it , however , they said that buying from amazon voids all warranties as they are not an authorized retailer .
 Both me and my wife bought Macbooks at the same time and have encountered NUMEROUS mechanical problems with both.I 've sent my computer in twice , for problems , the second time I got a completely new computer but still have to put up with problems . My wife has sent hers in twice as well.We are totally sick of the hours we have wasted with their customer support pretending that the issues we are experiencing are something they 've never heard of when their are websites dedicated to these Macbook problems.So after spending a lot of money on the laptops we 've finally come to accept our keyboards occasionally not working , trouble waking from sleep , but just recently both our screens have started flickering ... I 've just got to endure loosing my computer again to apple to fix ... Once my warranty runs out I know I 've as good as lost this computer.I loved Mac but after all this all I can say is do yourself a favor and avoid this laptop .
 I got a good first impression , but it went downhill from there . I really wanted to believe that kid from `` Jeepers Creepers '' in the Apple ads that this computer did n't crash , but it seemed flakier than any Windows box I 've used recently.The Pros : - boots fast . Sleeps/Recovers well . Wireless works weellThe Cons : - Slower than I expected - I found the UI to be baffling , coming from the Windows world - I 've had it crash . Mac does n't exactly blue-screen . You get a message saying `` you need to reboot '' . But it 's the same thing - Frustrated that a lot of apps I was used to were n't available for the Mac - Occasionally , the screen would get `` scrambled '' and I would need to move windows around to refresh it - Battery life was n't as good as I hoped . My Sony TX does * much * better .
 I was very excited to use my new macbook -LRB- as im a first time user -RRB- , but when i finally received the package and tried to use it , it didnt open . I thought maybe im just not ding it right . I called apple support and she was not very helpful . All she said that I should just bring it to a service center . Which I did . Only to find out the mother board needs to be replaced . Imagine how disappointed i was . Unbelievable that they delivered to me a non-working laptop . I wanted to have the whole thing replaced but when i spoke to customer service , he said that as per policy , they would only replace a unit within 15 days from purchase date . I told him its within the allowable time frame then he gave me another reason / policy why they cant replace it . So im stuck with a mother board replacement . I have to wait for 7 days to have it fixed .
 I bought my Apple MacBook through amazon . It worked for the first five mintutes - then it had to shut down and never came back to life . `` Friendly '' apple technical support told me that yes my computer is defective and i should send it back to amazon . so now i am going through a huge hassle of returning the item
 I bought one of these Macbooks refurbished in January 2007 through Amazon . Complete headache . It froze , had issues waking from sleep , or overall just ran slower at times than my G3 500mhz iBook . After going into the Apple Store MULTIPLE times , having the computer reformatted -LRB- which I tried on my own , but tech support is required to treat every customer like a child , -RRB- the Logicboard replaced , so on and so forth , I was presented with a Spring 2007 model , same basic computer with a bigger hard drive and a new Logicboard , plus a speed bump to 2.16 ghz . No complaints now . Apple even transferred my 3 year Apple Care Protection Plan to the new laptop ! I 'd give the MA700LL/A one star if Apple 's customer service was n't just so darned helpful , thanks to them , two . I would avoid this laptop and go with a newer Macbook , recommending the MB062LL/A that I was upgraded to , AND GET APPLECARE.Side Note
 A good chunk of items in this tool kit i had to throw away because it was worthless . There is a mini vac that really sucks -LRB- no punn intended -RRB- and it gives you a mini flashlight wich is also crappy -LRB- mine never worked in the first place -RRB- . If those items were left out this kit would be amazing as everything else in it is great .
 I bought this tool kit in March , hoping to have a small kit to make minor repairs . Was I ever fooled ! The minature vacuum is only good until you need to empty it as there is no way to get it open . The combo wire cutter and strippers only close to 1/16th of an inch of the arms touching thereby preventing both functions . The open end wrenches still have flashing attached which is secondary to the sloppy fit of them . Actually the only thing that comes close to being right is the screw driver with the multiple tips . Of course do not plan on using the ratchet action of the screw driver . When it comes down to it , the only thing getting screwed is the sucker like me whopurchase this item . Get a Rubbermaid box and fill it up yourself .
 I do n't expect superior quality in these low-priced tool kits , but I was definitely disappointed in this product.The screwdriver is essentially useless . It is a clever design with a swivel head , but poorly designed . It is a challenge to keep the head straight and sturdy when used as an ordinary screwdriver . I ca n't imagine one would fare any better with the head set at a 90 degree angle.I broke down and bought a Klein multi-tip screwdriver as a replacement -- that improved the utility of the kit immensely.The flashlight is useless . In this day and age , a cheapy incandesent flashlight is little more than a toy . A compact LED flashlight would have been a better choice.Overall , if you replace the screwdriver , the kit is serviceable . Otherwise , look elsewhere .
 This product is very cheaply made/designed . The screwdriver wo n't lock into position so it 's useless . The vacuum is not a vacuum at all - it just makes noise but does n't do a thing . Flashlight ? Do n't bother . You would be better off going to a home repair store and buying a screwdriver set , a mini car vac and small maglite . The items that might be worth something are the things that are rarely used in normal pc repair . Do n't waste your money on this kit !
 I 'm surprised at the positive reviews of this toolkit that I 've read here . It 's as if other folks received a different tool kit than the one I got.As another reviewer says , to begin with you can throw away the vacuum , which is too weak to clean even a keyboard - it 's as cheaply made as a toy you might get from a gum machine . Same with the flashlight.The centerpiece of the outfit - the ratcheting screwdriver - is a fiasco . It has a potentially nice feature that lets you change the angle of the ratcheting head , but the feature is so poorly implemented that most of the time the shaft works itself loose - so it jiggles from side to side out of line with the handle - and you have to be constantly retightening a retaining screw in order to use the driver . Within the first three minutes I used this driver , I was longing for an ordinary screwdriver . In addition , there is a plastic screw-cap that holds the end of the ratchet mechanism in place , and it often falls off while you are tightening or loosening a screw . It 's hard to imagine what a frustrating device this is until you 've tried to accomplish something with it.The kit comes with a couple dozen types of driver bits . But why does it have more three-pronged bits -LRB- say wha-a-a-t ? -RRB- than regular Phillips bits ? With only three Phillips bits , you seldom have the right head for the most common type of screws , so it 's easy to strip a screw . -LRB- I 've been using tools like these for thirty years , and know how to tighten a screw properly -RRB- . And , if the screw is at all tight , the bit strips itself very easily - the bits are obviously made of cheap-grade metal , nowhere near professional quality , and not intended for extended use.I have n't had need to use the Allen wrenches , but they appear to be made of cheap chrome-plated metal , instead of the black spring-steel you would find in a similar tool at your local hardware store . The small box wrenches also appear to made of cheaply forged chrome-plated material.This toolkit has all the earmarks of the kind of low-budget set that should sell for less than $ 20 , at the most , or might sell as a `` gift '' item because it has some pretty chromed items and a couple cute -LRB- but useless -RRB- toys with it.If you want a toolkit that you can use for serious work around computers , just pass this one by . I 'm going to see if I can return it , now that I 've seen it in action . Ugh .
 lem me guess . You want to build your own computer and you want to be prepared ? None of this stuff will help you except the screwdriver . Unless you 're into advanced pc stuff -LRB- I still do n't know how it would help -RRB- this is n't for you . Just get a demagnetized screwdriver and a static wrist strap and go slowly !!
 See the attached photo -LRB- when it appears -RRB- to see the problem . A gap in the needle nose pliers that should not be when fully closed .
 You get what you pay for . While the optics on these binoculars are a value for the money the construction leaves a lot to be desired . Any heavy use of these binos is more than likely beyond its limits . Got caught out in a very light drizzle and the resulting fog in the binoculars rendered them useless for over a week .
 Just walk away . I do n't think Acer brand is ready for the USA . Someday , your going to need support , and Acer 's technical support department is the next to worthless . So , my opinion is to shop elsewhere .
 These binoculars are good for a child , but will not give you the clear distance you are looking for .
 We do n't like the audio output or microphone performance as well as the previous model G4 . What 's more , one of the pair was defective when we received it , and we had to pay postage to return it .
 the product itself is fine but working with the company on returns or questions was awful . No response and if you have to return anything forget about it . It wo n't happen
 When i bought this i could not find out from the specifications or any other place whether it is USB 1.0 or 1.1 , after getting it and using it i found it is only USB 1.0 which sucks as all my devices get a slower speed , apart from that it has a great compact design as i use it with a laptop . for its price it is a good deal
 Real short here . I had associated the name ` Celestron ' with telescopes and therefore astronomy in general and assumed that the company made high quality products.If these binoculars were the cheapest available I would recommend them for those looking to spend the least amount of money , however they are n't , for example The Bushnell Power-viewBushnell Powerview 12x25is a few dollars cheaper and in my experience better . In my use of the products it seemed that the Bushnell had better focus than the Celestron and were also more compact . It does n't get much simpler than that , one has more clarity at a distance and is more practical to carry , one is n't .
 The Battery looked like a second hand battery signs of leakBattery poles discoloured . Out of country on holiday will return item on return
 purchased and returned when found not to work . Item replaced and that one did not work either . The charger would not recognize either one .
 The item was shipped to me 3 days late and when I received it and try to use it found it was damaged and did not work try to charge it still did not work have tried to Contact your company for over 3 weeks and have not been resolved yet
 Being that the OEM BMW dash kit has been discontinued , I tried out this replacement.Leaving all the other quirks with BMW radios and amplifiers aside , this kit is only `` OK '' . First thing you notice is the faceplate is black . If it was grey like the radio you were replacing , or the vents above , it would be better . The color is that cheap plastic black material that you find in most kits . Unfortunately the black stands out like a sore thumb on the dash . Really ugly.The fit of the kit is also only ` ok ' . I bought it to use with an aftermarket head unit and the front plate of the Scosche dash kit does n't allow the head unit to places through the opening , it goes on top of the unit . Basically you install your head unit , the side pieces of the dash kit and then place the front piece on top . Being the opening is too small , if you have a head unit that opens for CD 's , you 're out of luck . Moving the head unit forward makes the kit not ` click ' on the bottom with the two tabs . And moving it back makes it hit the metal plate in the rear.In short , you 're stuck . If you want aftermarket , you almost have to use this , but it really is n't a good kit . If anyone finds the BMW kit , Part Number 65900301349 , please let me know . You 'd be better off with that , it 's the correct color and fits the whole head unit .
 It must have been the way it was advertised but i expected a wireless stand alone camera that could easily be placed outside without wires and be easily accessible over the internet . What i got instead was a camera that needs its own monitor unit to function and needs to be wired to that box . I have not even installed it because i will need to buy another item for it to work . That sucks ... otherwise ... it seems to be a good camera .
 I am sure this is a fine adapter , however it does not work with the fr500 solarlink , even though amazon leads one to think so . Of course i cant be too harsh , i should have read things closer , but shame on you amazon for leading me astray .
 Charger made the screen of the radio go blank and did not charge battery . Now the radio does not work except on the AAA disposable batteries.To make matters worse I have to pay to return the charger and the shipping cost is only a couple dollars less than the cost of the charger.Needless to say I am just going to throw it out . I am out the cost of the charger , original shipping , and have a damaged radio .
 The software this comes with does n't allow you to save as a pdf , which is generally what anyone scanning documents wants . I had to call tech support , who did n't know how to save as a pdf . They suggested looking at Adobe software or 3rd party software . Why would I want to buy a scanner and then have to buy additional software on top of that ?
 I bought this item more than a year ago and travelled . I didnt work of the bat . I got back within a couple months and filled in an RMA -LRB- return -RRB- form that was sent to me by an Airo in Genius-KYE Systems Corp. . Sent in the scanner and havent heard a thing since then . they dont pick up calls , neither reply emails anymore .
 This scanner is not Windows 7 Compatible as advertised . Our IT professional has said that we can not use this scanner with our new Dell laptop .
 I am very dissatisfied with this product . We simply needed a scanner for paperwork . We needed to scan it and email it ... that 's it . Simple enough ! you 'd think . The copies scanned were barely gray . I opened them with microsoft photo editor , and it darkend them a little bit ... but still barely legible . We have a brother scanner and it is worth the extra money . I would NOT reccommend this product to my worst enemy .
 The item was delivered promptly . However , I had considerable difficulty getting it to work on Windows 7 64 bit and each time I want to use , I have to recalibrate it first , or the scan results are horrible . It works for a mobile scanner , but just barely .
 The scanner came as promised and was packaged well . However , it saved scans to a strange folder , had a hard time finding it . Then had to change the folder all scans were being saved to . Then it stopped working after about 10 or 15 scans so I ended up completely removing all software then reinstalling that worked for about 2 scans and now it 's not working again . I am going to return it for a refund .
 This product was easy to install on my computer despite other reviews that it was n't compatible with Windows 7 . The issue was that it just did n't work . It scanned , but all I got was an image that looked like white noise . It got returned less than a week after it came . Wish I had n't even bothered ordering it . What a waste of my time .
 I 'm very dissapointed with this product . Other feedback states that this product works with Windows 7 . I should have dug further as after spending hours downloading various drivers the product would not work with any of my win 7 64bit machines . -LSB- ... -RSB- has no drivers available and genius-europe site has a `` windows 7 driver '' but would not work with my 64bit systems .
 I can not get this to work . I bought it here on Amazon and I am sending it back tomorrow . Days of trying to get it to work on Vista and all the crappy software that comes with it . It is not a Neat Scanner , I tried to cheap out and learned a lesson well .
 It does n't work . Ca n't scan . Tried to install the software on a different computer . It would n't even install . Downloaded from its website , but it would n't unzip . It 's a piece of crap . Do n't waste your money .
 Physically seemed like a nice piece of hardware but it simply did n't work . Installed the drivers from the web rather than the disk so I would be sure to have the latest version . Seemed to install properly and asked me to do a calibration after install . Since the calibration ran fine I assumed install was correct . When I tried to scan I got images that looked like digital noise . Tried multiple times with the Digiscan software , omni page , and with the Business card reader . Never got anything but noise . Tried to call tech support but they were closed . Software seemed cumbersome anyway . Decided to just return it . Am going to try the Fujitsu ScanSnap 1300 . More money and larger but hopefully will work better . Scanners are n't rocket science and they are n't new so I do n't know why they should n't just work right out of the box .
 I purchased this product based on claimed features and benefits and also the quality association with the JVC Brand . After receivingthe unit and looking at the packaging and it 's contents , there is no reference to JVC , and it does not mention JVC in any way on their website.I read the reviews from others that had bought the product . There were some bad reviews , but I ignored those because of the manypositive reviews . First of all the instruction manual or sheet is fairly clear , but with minimal information . No good troubleshootinginformation is provided . The website referenced for support , did not show this family of product.Site looked fine , but not easy to navigateand it is poorly set up to easily retrieve information . I could not locate the information on their site using the Part Number.After I installed the software and tried to scan , the unit would not feed at all . This product would befine if it worked out of the box like some people claim . Usually with Windows XP , adding devices is a breeze . Not in my case with this productDefinitely not a product that I would associate with a quality brand like JVC . Perhaps that is why JVC does not put their name on this product.nor will you find any endorsement of this product by JVC . I am sending this unit back , and will spend a little more money to get a known quality brand , with a reputation for quality and service .
 Be very careful ! this scanner does NOT work with a MAC - really annoying !
 I guess you get what you pay for , I got it , installed software , calabrated and cleaned , then tryed a sheet , it wouldnt feed ... . I couldnt find any help , so I noticed that it wanted to eject the paper not feed it ... I let it try that , and it scanned in half of the page -LRB- the long way ! but the text was backwards ! -RRB- The thing was wired all backwards ... -RRB- experimented with it to figure out what was wrong , and yes , the scanner connection inside was inserted upside down !!! the image scanned ok after i took it apart and messed with it , but it still wouldnt feed the document and I couldnt figure that one out , so i threw it away ... I hope they havent made that mistake on the others that are being sold ...
 If you are running Windows 7 DO NOT PURCHASE THIS PRODUCT . Genius CLAIMS to have a Windows 7 driver that can be downloaded from their home page . I will save you some time . Do n't buy this item , their Windows 7 driver is a Beta version AND DOES NOT WORK . By now I should know you get what you pay for . If the scanner does not work it is not a value at any price .
 I bought this scanner hoping to scan all of my files and go paperless . What a joke . I installed the software and set up my computer files . I started scanning one by one until I had scanned over 2000 documents into different files . I was so excited and thought everything was fine until I scan an item and get a message from the scanners software
 This was defective did not work at all . . do not waste your money on this . . dena
 The wrong shipment was sent to my office . Returned and requested a refund and it was granted . In retrospect , I do believe I read a previous post that indicated the same . I would not waste my time buying one here . Goodluck !
 i order a Sony BCTRP Battery Charger for NP-FH Series Batteries that mounts right to the wall and they sent me a charger with a cord i do n'tknow why they put different pic.from battery4less it works but its not the one i wanted .
 8 '' wrist strap is already included in the Leica D-Lux 3 package . The one comes in the camera box is more comfortable to use .
 I 've had this unit since August 2006 and it is now consigned to the junk pile . I too have had occassional problems as referenced by others . The latest problem -LRB- the killer -RRB- , was when the dvd would not eject and I had to open and partially disassemble the dvd unit to get the disc out . My JVC unit , older I think , and definitely cheaper has worked just fine , rarely rejecting a disc . BUYER BEWARE !
 I 'm an engineer and I fix everything , often times well beyond its normal service life . The junko , -LRB- GO-VIDEO -RRB- is the exception . Like the experiance of everyone else , the Junko operated well for a very limited amount of time . I had taken it apart several times to adjust and anchor the tape head and correct the travel of the optical lens.I plan to re-cycle the Junko through our local re-cycling program . Its too bad I ca n't drop it from the air onto the GO-VIDEO factory.Junko GO away !
 Yep , sure enough I have had this unit over 1 year and nowit rejects 3 out of 5 pre-recorded DVD 's saying `` UnknownDisk . `` Go Video has since gone out of business , and no longer supportsit 's products . The company that bought the name from them saysthey do not support it but they have gotten many calls about theVR3840 . It 's junk . If you get one that works , give it time .
 We bought a Go Video Model VR 3840 from Costco a couple of years ago . It worked good for the first year or so , then started rejecting DVD 's with an `` unknown disc '' message . I have tried cleaning the lens , etc. , and it will work for a few DVD 's , then starts doing the same thing again . After reading many similar reviews , I would definitely not recommend this product , and will never buy another Go Video product myself .
 You will regret buying any product with the govideo brand . i have owned two different models of the govideo vcr-dvd combo players and both had fatal vcr head failures within a hours of use . i bought these new , not refurbished from fry 's electonics . they would be better known as NO-GOVIDEO .
 I have had the misfortune of owning several go-video products.I rue the day I bought them and you will too .
 The Go Video VR3840 worked fine for a few months but now it plays some discs while not playing other discs -LRB- even ones that it played fine a couple of months ago -RRB- . It seems the engineers have constructed it just to work well until the warranty is up .
 I bought a unit from GO Video and experienced horrors with their customer service as mentioned in other reviews.My unit came without any of the accessories and after 6 weeks of talking to more than a half dozen people -LRB- with more runaround than you can even begin to imagine -RRB- at go video , I still have a unit that will not work.avoid this manufacturer !!
 We 've had our recorder/player for a few months , have only used it a few times to record some VHS to DVD and a few tv programs to DVD.Now it wont even play the DVD 's it recorded . It wont initialize any DVD 's . It just spins the DVD and after quite a while gives the error message `` Unknown Disc , Please check disc again '' . I 've tried everything to resolve the error ... turning the machine off , resetting all settings , powering down and back on again as instructed in manual , cleaning , using various DVD 's from various manufacturers , but nothing works.Would never buy another JVC unit again . Paid full price at WalMart .
 I can not even get through the Setup mode on the new unit . Their `` Customer Service '' number was disconnected and my e-mail bounced back . Calling the company 's headquarter , the recorded voice told me to leave a message , but I always get terminated after that . Do n't buy from this company !
 I loved it to for about 4 months and then it wont play any dvd 's unknown disc it says !! I paid full price for mine . Called customer service they told me to buy a disc cleaner before they would help me , bought one and it did n't help . Called back and they had disconnected the number !! VERY BAD COMPANY !!! NEVER BUY FROM GO VIDEO !!!!
 At first , I was thrilled with this recorder . But , soon after I got it , the remote control quit working properly and recording became impossible . Personally , I feel DVD recorders are still too complicated and need to be made as easy to use as a VCR . There are simply too many details to remember when recording , which I am sure frustrates a lot of people into just avoiding the use of the DVD recording function .
 I 'm sooo grateful I only paid $ 40 for this piece of JUNK at a fleamarket ! It was still in the box , and did not look as though it had ever been used.As soon as I attempted to use it it gave me an error message . It will play either dvd , or vhs okay , and did record from dvd to vhs okay 2 times so far . I 've had the unit for about two weeks now . Trying to get it to record from vhs to dvd though is a lost cause ! Betting on the success of the poor Confederates marching up that hill at Gettysburg would be the equivalent of my chances of getting this da * n thing to record from vhs to dvd . $ 40 for a dvd/vhs player is okay , but the thing is supposed to record , not just play , and that 's the only reason I bought it . There is NO customer support , other than some rip off online help desk I stumbled across during a web search . What a sick joke that was ! Some a-hole who wanted $ 18 to answer a question ! After coming here , and reading the reviews I think I need to peddle this thing at the next yard sale . Either that , or I can look forward to it screwing up more over the next few months , and eventually not working at all.I also had a ` no go ' vhs video player , still in the box , gave to me about a year ago . All it did was EAT tapes , and after I cleaned it , and it ate the second tape I took it to a tech who told me the products were JUNK . In retrospect , I definitely wish I 'd have listened to him ! The prices I 'm seeing people give for this JUNK brand on ` eprey ' is sickening.DO NOT BUY ` NO GO ' VIDEO PRODUCTS is my advice , only take a ` NO GO ' product if it 's gave to you , or practically gave to you because the ` NO GO ' line is often just that NO GO !
 Well , right from the get-go I started having a little problem with the DVD recorder . A few disks did not record properly . I called Support . Support told me they had some issues with the quality of the DVD media made by a certain corporation . I changed DVD media to 'M ... ' . About 60 % of the disks came out well . That 's 4 out of 10 that are coasters . I still believed support , thinking that in every batch the DVD manufacturer is going to have some bad disks that sneaked through quality control . I cleaned the unit using a canister of compressed air , like Electronic Technicians use . My wife got me 200 disks from Costco made by TDK -LRB- Costco is where I bought the VR3845 -RRB- . The first 5 disks came out OK , I thought . I decided to check them all the way through , so I skipped ahead at 5m intervals . At 15m on one , a freeze in the video . At 40m on the next , freezes and skips & lost audio . Now I wonder how many of my ` successful ' burns had skips ? A friend gave me 6 hours of his pianist son on VHS to copy for him . I thought the burn was successful since I did n't watch the whole thing . A father does watch the whole thing . He reported skips and freezes -LRB- mostly freezes -RRB- . I had him log the times . I checked the parts of the DVD he said froze and the same thing happened on the VR3845 . I tried DVDing some old TV shows from the TV feed . Several freezes and it 's getting worse . To top it off , my warranty just ran out . Just over three months and I have another piece of electronic junk in the cabinet and I 'm out $ 240 . Do n't buy this . Support will try to convince you that you bought bad media blanks . You buy into that and the warranty will run out on you before you realize that it 's the machine.RecommendedNoAmount Paid -LRB- US$ -RRB-
 Tried to copy 1 tape to DVD after many -LRB- 40 + / - -RRB- played DVD 's , it hung up , now wo n't play ANY dvd or CD ! Unknown Disc ! GoVideo computer -LRB- Customer support -RRB- hung up on me 3 times . Nothing in manual about `` Unknown Disc '' at all . Strange we ALL have the same problem and GoVideo has NOTHING on it any where ! Methinks something stinks here ! -LRB- But my air purifier is on and it 's obviously covering it up ! -RRB-
 At first I could burn DVDs OK . Then I started losing one in 5 -LRB- freeze on recording file , on finalization , etc. -RRB- . Then 1 in 3 . then it stopped recognizing DVDs altogether -- blank DVDs , recorded DVDs , commercial DVDs , whatever . Only CD and VCR functions still work . Since I bought it to transfer VHS to DVD , it 's useless to me . GoVideo Customer Service strung me along just long enough for the warranty to expire . BAD PRODUCT ; BAD COMPANY .
 I bought a `` Refurbished '' unit from U-Bid at a great price -LRB- I thought -RRB- . It was $ 65 plus $ 20 shipping . Unfortunately the DVD recorder only worked one day so now I have an $ 85 VHS which is not a good price . After playing a couple of movies I started recording my first DVD . It hung up the recorder while trying to finish the recording . Had to unplug the unit after about an hour . Now it wo n't recognize any DVD , even movies I had played previously . Get an `` unknown disk '' message . It has a 90 day warranty and I 'm waiting to hear from U-Bid to see what my options are . Do n't be fooled by a low price , this unit is not worth two cents !
 I have had 3 Go Video DVD Combos in a little over a year . I paid for one and got 2 replacements free . None worked more than a few months . The first was a VR1940 and it lasted 2 months . It was replaced with one that lasted 5 months . The company then replaced the VR1940 with a VR3840 telling me it was a `` upgrade . '' In fact that unit is a downgrade costing about $ 100 less . It lasted 5 months . I just threw it in the trash.The products are great for the perspective of features but they wo n't last more than a few of months . The only positive review you will read is by someone who just bought the product and that 's only if it worked initially which is a very big IF .
 We have a Panasonic LCD TV -LRB- different model -RRB- . It has a beautiful picture , that is , when it is working . The lamp burns out every 13 months or so . We have had 3 lamps go out and have had to replace each one at $ 300 per lamp . An obvious defect with the design , however Panasonic refuses to provide the replacement part . Turns out to be an expensive TV when you have to pay $ 300 a year just to keep it running !
 Beautiful , breathtaking even , picture . Easy to use remote . Clean , non-glitzy exterior.On day 8 , set began to emit an irritating squawk in sync with low tones -LRB- voices/sounds -RRB- . We 're not hard of hearing and volume is never above 7-11 range.Our first new TV in 15 years . Sick-to-my-stomach with disappointment!Bought at walk-in store . Wanted to exchange as it 's probably a unit speaker issue , but it ca n't be done due to lack of stock.Glad we did n't buy on-line .
 The trim rings were all much bigger than a typical DIN opening . If you 're planning to replace the trim ring on a DIN sized deck , these will NOT work . In retrospect , I should have bit the bullet and just paid for an OEM replacement ring .
 This works well , but the keyring breaks . If you ca n't take the thing with you because you are afraid it will fall off , it sorts of defeats the purpose , do n't you think ? Get another USB drive with the keyring built into the drive end , so if the cap slips off -- which it can do -- you have n't lost the drive , just the cap . I ca n't imagine why Memorex would design it this way.Still the drive works fine . It just has to serve as a local transport from a laptop to a desktop . Bummer .
 This drive is so not worth it . It is slow , compared to the Lexar Jump drive or the sandisk products . It is cheaply made . Looks like something you would get at a Toy Vending machine . . Save your money and buy something else
 The keyring loop broke after only having the thing for two days . Luckily I was inside when it dropped off my keyring instead of in the parking lot where I might not have noticed . It did seem to work well the one time I actally had reason to use it .
 Just a warning to other potential purchasers - this product is NOT water-proof . I went swimming with my Flash Drive and to my surprise , it shorted out - now I ca n't get it to work !
 I use this type of flash drive for my research and more than half the time I can never view the images on the computer or get the flash drive to work ... not worth buying
 I bought this drive only a few hours ago , saved very important documents to it , and all of a sudden , it does n't want to open on me . It states that the drive needs to be reformatted , doing this would cause me to lose all of my data . Terrible , I warn you not to buy this product , not worth it !
 The ergonomics are good - nice rubber grip , small , keychain ring . It 's all downhill after that . I use You Synchronize to keep files current between my laptop at school and my G5 desktop at home . After using the Memorex I bought the SanDisk Cruzer Titanium 512MB , advertised as 3x faster than most thumb drives . Here are my results timing the read time on the same synch with the same files on my desktop with both : Memorex = 2minutes 4 secondsSD Titanium = 9.3 secondsI guess I 'm stuck with the Memorex , as it is n't the seller 's fault it 's a pig , but my advice is DO N'T BUY IT unless speed is NO concern to you . If you do n't absolutely have to have 1GB , get the Titanium .
 I have to agree with some of the previous reviews , Cheap outer case and it is slower than SanDisk . But the real kicker is that Memorex does not back up it 's so called 1 year warranty . I had a bad USB port fry my flash drive . Sent it to Memorex via instructions emailed to me . Almost 4 months later and a half dozen warranty inquiries , still no replaced Flash Drive . My recommendation , buy a SanDisk .
 I purchased this drive in March of 2005 . It worked ok but only occasionally . I consistently had to reformat the drive and it frequently lost data.Finally after 6 months of owning , it died outright and was not recognizable by any O/S . I sent the product back to Memorex for replacement and am still waiting . Their response has been horrible . Wont return emails , phone calls or ultimately send me a replacement product which they promised to do promptly.I understand that things go bad and mistakes are made but what defines a company is their respnses to these situtations . For this reason I heartily recommend you stay away from any Memorex product regardless of the deal . Its just not worth it .
 I purchased this 7-8 months back and am happy with it for most part . Did n't have any formatting problems as some of the others , but the key hole is fragile and broke off . You can probably buy this thing , but be extra nice and careful with the cap.And be careful if you have Memorex rebates . They ate away a $ 20 mail-in-rebate which was offered with the purchase . I called the customer service multiple times and each time , they made it harder to get the rebate - I ultimately gave up and feel cheated .
 This is definitely a good product , the video quality is good but the low light has made shooting at nights a little less worthy . But that 's not what I 'm going to share today.I 've purchase this on 2nd April , 2007 . Today its August 12th and this camera is already spoilt . Yes SPOILT . The screen is black , only able to see slight silloette , and the power shuts down abruptly.This started yesterday and when I did not open the screen fully , the color was still alright.I believe its the connection between the flap which is causing this problem , but this should n't happen . Especially when you 've purchase this in USA and stationed abroad.I 'm not too pleased with the after support either . I 'm very dissapointed with the outcome . Maybe mine was a bad apple in the batch . This product is clear of any falls or external influnced such as heat etc but Sony failed.But it still breaks down . That my friend , is not worth the hassle . Sony 's products has always been up to standard until now .
 The still images the camera takes look very nice , but I have problems with the movies it records . I finally got past the mpeg2 problem by buying the mpeg 2 quicktime plugin from Apple -LRB- $ 20 -RRB- although iMovie 08 could import them too . No matter what I do the image quality of the movies is very grainy when run at full screen . I thought it was the conversion that imoview was doing so thats why i bought the quicktime plugin . Now there is no conversion at all , i can play the movies directly in quicktime . when i play the movie at a size suitable for web pages they look great , but if i play them at full screen , they look horrible.SAVE YOUR MONEY AND BUY A minDV recorder ! the image quality on those recorders is SO MUCH BETTER .
 I just got this and returned it the next day . Main reason is that the battery sticks out like soar thumb . The video and still picture quality is great however I could not get over the look and feel of the camcorder .
 I bought this Camcorder from Amazon 2 months back and I am not happy with my purchase . Sony should make camcorders with Good video quality , they should understand camcorders are for shooting videos and not still picture . Sony added lot of good features with this camcorder but the video/picture quality is the worst . Daylight out door videos has come out with average quality . The indoor low light videos are very grainy . You ca n't do much with the software which comes with the camcorder . The one touch burn will work only for once for a specific video clip.I had taken this to India during my vacation otherwise I would have returned it . I strongly advice every one not to buy this product . It is not worth paying around 800 $ for this camcorder . I have used old mini DV camcorders 5 years back with better picture quality and with time sony should improve its technology to offer camcorders with better video quality especially the low light performance .
 I 'm giving one star for this product because it was doing very well until it 's LCD screan broke with only two years , and with not that much of a usage.I got very disappointed with this product because when I bought a Camera it was to use it for about five years . The LCD screan stopped working in a sudden while I was downloading videos to my computer . I tried to call the customer support and they told me the only thing they can do is to fix it with the cost of 175 dollars plus shipping . I guess I might as well buy another one from a different brand , because I wo n't be risking another disappontment .
 Pros
 Do not waste your money with this Sony product . I have had several problems with this unit and have only had it 3Yrs . I 'm writing this review mainly because Sony will not back-up their poorly designed products . I told the Sony customer relations rep today that I would post a review about my past experience with their unreliable product because I feel others should know about it before buying a Sony product , his response was , that 's your decision , but I do n't think he realized , what if it was everyone 's decision ... In this economy that was not a healthy comment to make . Whatever happened to the days when consumers came first ... The bottom line is they will not back anything up past 1yr , so be careful because this camera is not reliable . Unless you want to throw your money away and buy a new one in a few years . This product being only 3Yrs old and well taken care of has had nothing but problems . The first problem was the badly designed flex circuit which many have experienced with this camera with respect to controlling the video signal on the pop out screen , it cracks easy and results in no video on the pop out screen . This was over $ 200 to get fixed only being a little over a year old . The next problem was serious with the vertical stabilizer failing causing the picture to shake resulting in blurred video . This problem will cost over $ 500 to get fixed which will not happen since you can buy another for that . My point is , if you want to waste your money then buy this Sony product and with it you can receive terrible customer relation support , but for me , I 'm going somewhere else next time for my video needs . Shame on you Sony for a terrible product at a high cost that you will not back-up .
 We bought the camcorder 2 years ago . It worked excellently for 2 years and after that suddenly the screen went black . The battery is fine because if I put the battery on a different camcorder , it shows that it has 152 mins worth of recording time left . Searching the internet I found that lot of people had similar issues of LCD screen going black after 2 years of using the camera.If I connect the camcorder directly to an electrical outlet it works for couple of minutes and then goes black again . I am unable to copy the images and videos because the camcorder should be turned on to copy the media.In conclusion I am happy with the product but that only lasted for 2 years , I should have bought a 5 year warranty .
 Dell-1700 cartridges - just opened the box . Both toner cartridges are bad . Tried to print and getting gray background . not printing clean . Will never order from Inkers again .
 The price is good . The delivery was fast . However , the quality is not up to par . It leaves toner on the edge of the paper -LRB- leakage -RRB- . I would not purchase this product again .
 We initially bought 1 of these cartridges for the Dell 1700n printer in our store . It worked fine . Based on that experience we bought four more . Every one of them is defective . We even tried them in a second printer to make sure that it was n't a printer problem . I 'm not sure what the cause is , but once we bought an OEM Dell cartridge the printer works again just fine . We had them on our supply shelf and did n't find out they were defective until after the Amazon return period had expired . So , we 're out $ 100 . Save yourself the grief and do n't buy these .
 Does not fit the 2008 Hyundai Accent with XM radio . Do n't believe the packaging or the SCOSCHE website . This will not fit the 2008 Accent with factory installed XM . Had to order a different connector .
 This harness does not fit all 06 and up Hyundai Accents . I ordered it for my 2010 and it is no where close to the style that I need . I also have gotten the run around on returns , and it would probably cost more in restocking and postage than the piece originally cost . Very Very poor advertisment and description of parts . I would not order from this site again .
 3 weeks ago I purchased a product of a different brand for installing radio . I t did not work.This time I order a different brand for the same purpose and it came without any instructions.You need to provide better and more comprehensive information about your products.These failure are time consuming expensive . I have over $ 25 in 2 products th have zero value .
 The product I bought , with less than a month the cover that holds the batteries broke loose at the bottom , thus , the only safe lock up . Other than that I really liked the product .
 I have not ideas how to charge those two Opteka batteries when I used up the power . it does not fit Nikon charger at all.anyone know how to charge them ?
 i had this for under two year . use it alot . i got this instead of getting the nikon mb80 because of the price and the extra battery . well i love it . about six month later . i realized that the camera does n't reconized the battery or unit . maybe both i do n't realy know . i had two battery and one nikon battery . sometime it worked realy well other time it does n't even recognize the nikon battery . everything works quite well without the grip . one other thing is that when i put the opteka on a tripod if i turn the quick release to tight the battery pop out inside the holder . if i do n't turn it tight then it be wo n't be very steady on the tripod . anyway , most of my shotting are done without a tripod . it 's working ok right now . very figitty . i 'm now willing to spend more for mb80 . however , i 'm going to keep the battery . the reseason i 'm giving it two star is that does work sometime .
 Back holder not hold battery inside . Battery 40 % useful.I ` m very-very upset . Because battery cover dos n`t hold battery inside.And battery REALLY in 40 % useful .
 The 2 Opteka EL-EL3s batteries was n't included and it holds 6 AA batteries not 4 . Technical Details * 2 Opteka EL-EL3e 2000 mAh Batteries included * Holds 4 AA Batteries or 2 EL-EL3 batteries
 I got the grip and before I even put it on the camera it did n't fit in my hand . I would not recommend this grip
 These earbuds had pretty decent sound but I had two big problems with them .1 / They did n't fit quite right . Especially my left ear was irritated by these buds .2 / The padding wore out quite quickly around the edges leaving a hard plastic to irritate my ears .
 The foam comfort tips were way to big for my ears -LRB- I normally use the middle sized set of tips for ear buds -RRB- and would always pop out , even when I was sitting still . Even if I squeezed them down enough to get them in my ears the little hole in the middle of the foam would be squeezed shut and the sound would be muffled , If I could hear it at all . Soon after trying to use the product , the foam tips tore around the area where the the foam is glued to the hard plastic . I ended up throwing them away . This is a big surprise coming from Altec Lansing . I 've had much better luck with their other products .
 I was looking forward to these , as traditional earbuds fall out of my ears with the slightest jostle or bump . I could n't figure out how something this big is supposed to fit into a space the size of an ear opening . They are 1 `` x3/4 '' big . I passed this around at work and nobody else could figure out how to make them fit , either.Maybe that 's why the only picture of them actually IN an ear is a drawn one .
 The price was right , the delivery was great and on time as promised , if not before . the problem is I let the part sit for a while before I installed it.The frame was good , the left side plate was good , the other left side plate was good . Wait , two left side plates ? But I needed a right and a left panel to make this thing work.The storal to the morry is , check yer parts when you get em . Do n't let them sit on the shelf .
 Its total crap.They sent me two left brackets and no right brackets.Of course , my truck was torn apart when I discovered this .
 This Scosche double DIN fit kit did not fit the Pioneer 2300DVD unit . The kit was too large for a nice , flush , tight fit around the unit face . I purchased a Scosche fit kit from Walmart that had a couple different fit kits , a pocket if you were going to install a single DIN unit , and a rear brace to attach to the back of the deck . I selected the pieces that worked and was able to have a great install ... Only a few more dollars too !
 I did n't want to give it one star because it DOES work , and it seems like one star should be reserved for something that 's completely useless ... but it 's not much better than that.The weird 3 piece design was difficult to install -LRB- takes about 4 hands -RRB- , having to break off extra plastic tabs is just sad , but the worst is it just fits poorly . The face angle is wrong , so the bottom edge is flush to the dash , but the top is recessed about 1/4 '' . Then there 's a 1/8 '' gap between the faceplate and the dash all the way around , and the same 1/8 '' all the way around the inside between it and the stereo . I can actually see the mounting screws through the gap.can ' t recommend this product at all . I 'm going to remove it and throw it away once the replacement arrives .
 These `` kits '' are becoming so cheaply made . The plastic parts are fragile and the opening was too tight to accommodate my Pioneer AVH-P3300BT which I also bought from Amazon . Seems like these companies woul put a bit more emphasis on quality and design . DO NOT BUY SCOSCHE PRODUCTS FOR DOUBLE DIN .
 I attempted to install my new DVD player this weekend . All was going well until I opened up this kit . I knew from previous reviews that it woul n't quite fit my head unit -LRB- trimming required -RRB- . But this adapter does n't even properly fit the dash - leaves big gaps around it.BUT ... much worse than that is the design . The original unit is supported in the front by thick , metal brackets and the rear is supported by a rubber-wrapped metal plug that fits into a slot . This unit expects to support the whole head unit by a couple of thin , plastic tabs on the front only . Even if it had fit properly , I would n't have used it . The first bump or off-road trip would have snapped the thing right off .
 bought this for a 06 F150 to install a double 7 '' Radio . it did not fit . the face plate is too small . Others say cut the opening to allow room . But , that 's why you are buying the kit in the first place , to limit fabrications . Looking for another brand .
 I blindly ordered one of these for my 2006 F-150 Lariat to mount a Pioneer AVH-3200BT . The gap around this bezel and the factory cover plate was too large . I wound up ordering a ` Metra 95-5812 Double DIN Installation Kit for Select 2004-2006 Ford Vehicles -LRB- Black -RRB- ' instead . The end result is a factory installed appearance . Close Scosche , but no cigar .
 If installing a double din stereo in a 2006 Ford Focus , do n't use this mounting kit . I tried this one first , then bought the Metra 95-5812 and it worked much better . This one stuck about 1/2 '' out of my dash whereas the Metra one fits flush . Also , on this mounting kit , you have to break off various plastic tabs to get it to work and , as hard as I tried , I could n't get it centered in my dash . The Metra one worked so much better .
 There are three configuration for this product depending on your vehicle , which is nice , for the manufacture , not the customer.You 'll have to break off either the front tabs or the rear tabs , and you 'll likely not need two of the pieces shipped with it.I 've got a 2005 F150 , and it all fits in the truck perfectly . For my new stereo however , I would recommend trying something else . I have the AVH-P3400BH So anything AVH by Pioneer probably wo n't fit right . Maybe the higher end ones that are full touchscreen , but probably not those either . I bought this because it was a recommended fit for my truck and stereo from sonicelectronix , amazon had it cheaper though.I gave it a poor review because the whole thing is in three or more pieces , and It 's just difficult to get the side pieces where you screw into the dash to stay on the faceplate without a third hand . The two brackets should clip onto the faceplate somehow , but instead you just have to pin them in place while you screw the sides to the head unit .
 I tried these as a cheaper alternative to Memorex printable CD-R 's that I had used before . The HP discs are n't nearly as nice as the Memorex . The HP discs have a surface texture , almost rough , that feels like an adhesive paper label has already been applied . The Memorex brand has a smooth , slick surface that 's much nicer .
 so , this is the best alternative for my hp photosmartD5160 printer -LRB- or so hp says -RRB- . it allows my hp printer to print solid colors only on their cds . for whatever reason , maybe proprietary disc sales , my hp printer may print many lighter color lines through large blocks of solid color if it uses any other inkjet cd . the hp disc itself has a grainy nature to its printed out cds.hp has poor print quality on their cds . if i could go back , i 'd buy a different printer that allows better quality prints on ANY inkjet cd . this is so frustrating . hp is making their consumer buy their product that will only print using their cds which gives crappy results . i used to like hp inkjets .
 As someone who uses a PC several hours a day , and most of this use is mouse and keyboard intensive , I 've had my fair share of problems with my wrists.since even before hearing of this mouse I sometime held mine awkwardly for a minute every hour or so to have some relief . When I saw the evoluent vertical design I knew immediately this idea had potential.I bought the evoluent2 and , after 10 days of using it , I 'm thinking of abbandoning it.on one hand it 's true that the position is much more relaxing , but it comes with a whole lot of problems that sort of make you think why only this unknown cheap brand with only one product in their catalogue `` ever thought of such a simple design shift '' - your hand will touch the pad most of the time with the outer side , lots of skin left on the surface and too much friction that will double the strain on some muscles of your arm on the long term.You simply have to put your weight down somewhere , with a normal mouse it 's all good , with this one ... well you ca n't put it anywhere except laying your hand on the pad and dragging it around.-for the above mentioned reason you tend to move the mouse a lot more , at least on the small movments , with the wrist only , the results are that the stress on your wrist only changes in quality not in intensity.-the build is INCREDIBLY cheap , much worse then some $ 4 logitech clones I 've seen-the buttons have horrible feedback and you will often find yourself clicking them by mistake.-while for my work -LRB- that requires 3 mouse buttons in most applications -RRB- I quite appreciate the 3 buttons , this shifted the wheel in an uncomfortable position , if you use it a lot you will find yourself playing the piano all the time.-the pad coming with it is absolutely useless , small and weirdly shaped , with a gelpad that is both too thick -LRB- possibly because the different holding of the mouse required it in some engineer 's mind -RRB- and too hard.-the thumb button is in a position that makes it not obtrusive during normal use -LRB- again because of the different holding -RRB- but also everytime you 'll need it it will be a weird movment for your fingers to click it.-when the hand needs to go from the mouse to the keyboard for any proper 2 hand typing you loose a lot of time and the movment feels awkward . it can seem stupid , but if yoy do a lot of programming and/or 3D DCC you will find it ever so slightly irritating . . even after 10 days of practice with the vertical rat.basically I found a whole lot of problems I would never have expected , surprisingly enough though I did n't find the one I expected the most
 I bought the Evoluent vertical mouse 2 last year . I still have wrist problems but I also use the computer at least a couple hours everyday . BUT my problem now is it 's not working half the time . While I 'm using it it just shuts off . No batteries to replace and I ca n't reach anyone at the company -LRB- they are not in this country -RRB- to give me any advice . I certainly do n't want to buy another one , this one was very expensive .
 amazing ... they shipped a defective product to me - a patently defective product ... one of the clasps was not attached - obviously missing . These things do n't just fall off or break off . It was completely missing - the entire clasp/bracket on the right hand side . Very poor quality control at production and a careless packer who shipped a patently defective product.sad ... very lamePelican cases are better quality and you do n't have this defective , missing , weak or easily broken clasp issue which crops up quite often with Otter boxes.bottom line
 product quality is very low - gave it as a gift and later when asked , it was dumped as the screen and voice quality is poor
 An affordable product but the hardware seems a bit flimsy and one is not encouraged to use it very often if at all .
 The screen is fragile . It cracked easily just being carried in a fanny pack.The volume is totally inadequate ; it 's hard to hear the music.The controls are not intuitive and are cumbersome.My recommendation
 MachSpeed is a piece of junk . Operation is very clunky . Buy a SanDisk instead . This product is extremely over priced .
 Screen display not working :-LRB- even after the full charge . I can see why it 's discounted
 Neither one worked I sent them back to tiger direct , Now they'er saying that they did n't recieve them . My sons were really looking forward to them.I 'm a single parent , and that is all my son 's got for christmas.So now you may as well say that they didn , t get anything for Christmas.Thanks to tiger direct .
 bought 2 for Christmas presents and hate both of them . Way to complicated to use ... my daughter hates it also which makes it just great since it was a gift ... by the time she gets to the music she downloaded she is so aggravated she does n't want to play with it .
 Just bought this from Fry 's 6 hours ago and have already returned it!Played one song , then crashed . Would n't play after that.Oh , and this is to be expected
 when you buy 1gb memory u espect at least listen the 1gb with 1 battery charge but not with this one because only work 4 hours wih 1 charge ... so good product but the price and features but really bad with time battery
 This armband is for anorexics . My arms are by no means over-sized and I had to pay someone to do an extension .
 I bought this armband to use at the gym . Its well designed as far as being able to access the Ipod controls and ports . There are two major flaws however that make this product pretty much useless .1 -RRB- The armband does n't stretch . Once you tighten the armband to where it will stay on comfortably there is no way for the band to stretch if your muscles expand during a workout . This might not be an issue for someone jogging but if you are lifting weights it makes things really uncomfortable as it constricts you arm . It also puts a lot of stress on the band causing it to rip .2 -RRB- The material it is made out of tears easily . I bought this band a month ago or so and it is absolutely shredded . I do work out pretty hard but its ridiculous how ripped up this band has become . I have one or two workouts left until my Ipod flies out of the band .
 I bought this item because after reading the reviews I figured it was the biggest Ipod armband I could get . I was sadly mistaken . When I recieved it the first time I put it on the flap that held the buckle on ripped because it was too tight . I never actually got a chance to use the product . My arms are slightly larger than average -LRB- 17 '' -RRB- . I am sure it would be good for those whose arm are medium sized .
 I 've had this item for less than a year , and already it has problems reading some brand new bought CD 's as well as most burned CD-R 's . The same CD 's and CD-R 's work fine on my computer and in other players . After having the problem , I tried a cleaning disk but that did n't make any difference , and I 'm really doubtful that is the issue.It seems more likely that this is just a poor product and I got gipped.Further , I was very disappointed that although it `` claims '' to be a Super VHS player , it does n't support SVideo output for the VCR -LRB- nor composite -RRB- . Unlike another reviewer , I am able to get the RCA video out to work with the VCR function .
 I could tell that this was junk right out of the box . I had purchased a samsung combo -LRB- DVD-V1000 -RRB- in 2001 which served me very well for 4 + years so I thought I woudl replace it with another Samsung . But this machine did not live up to expectations . It did not play DVDs I created myself or MP3 cds , etc. . Another thing that ticked me off is that my SAMSUNG TV remote would not control this thing ! I would expect that if it 's the same manufacturer , the remotes would be compatable . No such luck . Then it would sometimes not recognize regular movie DVDs at all , and eventually would not play any movie . It just stuck at the `` Loading '' screen . Stay away from this DVD player and Samsung DVD players in general . I do love my Samsung DLP TV though .
 This thing 's DVD player quit on me in the first few weeks . I returned it for repairs , had to pay the shipping . Came back and worked OK for 3 more months and the DVD player quit again . VCR seemed to work fine . The DVD player quality is not good even with component video cables . I recommend not buying this trash . Right now a rental DVD is stuck in this player and i am trying to get it out .
 Worked OK for a while . Shortly after warranty expired the hdmi input stopped working . Ran it using audio/video cables which provides poorer quality picture . Then a few months later the dvd stopped working altogether .
 After about 8 months this unit simply refused to play any DVDs although it will still play audio CDs and VCR tapes . The customer support at Samsung , once I found the right phone number , was very polite and helpful and with the 1 year warranty we 're able to send the unit in for repair ... although labor and shipping is not covered under the warranty and will end up costing us over 1/3 the product price to get it repaired . Aside from the premature failure the unit did perform acceptably and remote control was easy to program and use with our television from a different manufacturer . However , considering the failure and the cost of repair I do n't see us purchasing anything from Samsung in the near future .
 This unit was a piece of junk . The DVD player quit reading DVDs only a couple months after purchase . I contacted Samsung and they said all you have to do is pay for shipping of the unit to SASCOA , E. Providence R.I. -LRB- my nearest repair center -RRB- and they will repair the unit and ship it back . There the unit sits . They do n't pay for return shipping - you do -LRB- they did n't even tell me it was repaired - but they did tell me when I called that `` Wow , I 'm surprised they have n't sold it on you , they 're authorized to do that if it sits for more than two weeks '' . Samsung did n't care who told me that I only had to pay for one way shipping , SASCOA is very unprofessional and they pretty much told me they do n't care about the consumer , they work for Samsung . I will never buy a Samsung product again , no matter what the reviews . Customer service is poor at best . They only want your money , not your return for more products .
 The VCR side works fine but I rarely need to use it . The DVD player stinks . Half of my movies are n't recognized by the player , some of them wo n't go past the menu screen , often it freezes and skips -LRB- not fun in the middle of a TaeBo workout LOL -RRB- and it wo n't play any of my DVDs made on the computer . All of these things work perfectly in other players . As soon as I convince my husband that the player is defective and it 's not the DVDs as he thinks , we will return it and get a different brand .
 I thought my unit was broken when I firsthooked it up , because switched to VCR it stillshowed the `` blue greeter '' screen for DVD . Iheard somebody else had this experience withthe S-Video , so I tried Composite Video -LRB- yellow RCA -RRB- - same story . Only when Ihooked up the RF-out jack -LRB- yuck ! -RRB- could Isee the VCR video . Oddly , I could hearthe audio on Line-Out , I just could n't useeither of the Video jacks for Line-Out . Ithought my unit might be broken , so Icalled their customer support.After hanging up on me several times , theyeventually said you can only view the VCRon RF-out . Since I have Tivo , I do n't needto hook up my Cable to the VCR - I just wantto watch tapes . So my cable is alreadyhooked up to my TV/Tivo . I could hook upthe RF-out to a 2nd RF-in on my TV , but whowants to switch back and forth betweenRF-in jacks on my TV , and maybe leave itin the wrong state and mess up a Tivorecording ? Time to send it back . Note theUser manual mentions nothing of this . Itmakes it sound like S-Video should work foreverything.I 'm still not certain my unit is n't simply broken ormisconfigured . Why would Line Out switch the Audioif it ca n't supply the video?But their Tech Support wo n't listen or help , and tells me thisis how it 's supposed to work . Sheesh.If somebody has a different experience , please share it , becauseif it actually * worked * I 'd give this unit 5 stars .
 I purchased three of these several months ago . Two of them work fine . They 're inexpensive units , & reasonably easy to use . They 're no frills machines , but worth the money . The third unit has stopped recognizing many major studio released DVDs that the other two units play . With the third unit , I have to load & reload , jiggle the DVD in the holder , & turn the power off & on , to get it to sometimes work . After 15 minutes of fiddling with it , I usually give up & move on to something else . I 'll soon be getting rid of the third unit because it 's aggravating & wasting my time . The two units that work get a rating of 3 * from me , & the other one gets a 1 * rating . My next DVD/VCR combo will probably be a Panasonic .
 I bought a EX-Z750 a year ago , and I was quite satisfied with the performance . However , an unfortunate drop -LRB- it was n't even a very hard fall -RRB- rendered the camera non-functional . Being a satisfied Casio customer , I went out and bought the latest model
 The camera has a smaller sensor than previous Casio models and sets the aperture to the largest available for any light setting when using the `` general '' best shot setting . So pictures tend to be fuzzy.You can not set the aperture or the shutter speed manually . The Best Shot feature is convenient for camera-dummies , but a pain for the rest of us . Searching for the correct aperture/shutter speed combination by selecting one icon out of 40 takes a long time and is very hit-and-miss . There is no explanation of what are the aperture/shutter settings - you just have to try them all out . You have usually missed the shot by then . I scanned a few websites to see if other people are having the same problems as I
 Casio really missed the boat here . In pushing the resolution up to 10.1 megapixels , they lost far too much from the better 8 megapixel EX-Z850 . I tried two examples , after taking the first one back . The second one proved the first was n't defective.This thing is a red-eye machine that puts out pictures that are noisy at best , and overprocessed at worst . It has lost the manual exposure controls , the optical viewfinder and the sharpness of the EX-Z850 , as well as falling behind comparably priced competitors.The oversized -LRB- but not class leading -RRB- 2.8 '' LCD adjusts its brightness in response to ambient light conditions . What is disconcerting , especially in light of the missing optical viewfinder , is the screen abruptly changes brightness levels after you 've framed your shot . This makes for difficult judgments on exposure.This camera does offer good manual focus adjustments , as well as 34 presets , including several for ID photos . I am uncertain how useful that would be for the average user , but if you ever need to take passport photos , I guess this camera might have an advantage for you.The video function took a step back , producing 25fps , instead of 30fps . I do n't quite understand this , since the shutter if fairly quick , crisp and responsive . Even so , this camera falls short on time between shots , with a long recovery time . Turn up the resolution or turn down the lights and this thing can take an abysmal 6 seconds between shots . For this , I blame the camera 's slow and insufficient onboard cache - something you can not replace or add to.With those lights down and the camera running at ISO 400 , pictures come out with very indistinct details and quite a bit of graininess . Compression artifacts and ghosts increas as the light goes down , too.The camera takes decent images in bright light , but since you 're forced to rely on the LCD viewfinder , bright light photos are often difficult to frame . In low light , much of the performance is subpar , rendering images that are often unusable.The fact this camera is packed full of features and has simple controls will draw many lookers . It is a clean design , although to my eyes , not as stylish as some offerings from Panasonic , Sony or Canon . Regardless , the features and clean design do n't matter if the camera does n't take good photos and this camera really misses the mark . There are HP cameras costing less than half as much that take better pictures.Anyone who does n't relegate this thing to expensive paperweight status does n't know what a decent camera can do . The Casio EX-Z1000 just does n't make a decent grade .
 I purchased this camera after my son broke my Casio Exilim 7.2 . Unfortunately , most of the stores do n't carry the 7.2 models anymore . I bought the latest model EX-Z1000 instead assuming that it 'll be just as good , if not , better.I was disappointed to find out that when I took pictures , it had these vertical lines on the LCD screens . Looks defective , but I 'm not sure if that is normal with this model . I just returned it anyways . Another thing was that the fact that it 's higher in resolution , it fills up my memory card so much quicker . But I do n't notice it being any more clearer than my older one . The more I use this , the more my I miss my old camera .
 Casio Exilim Zoom EX-Z1000I purchased and paid for a Casio Exilim Zoom EX-Z1000 . The third day after it was received , it failed . I sent the camera back to Casio and after about three weeks they returned it to me . Having called several times , I was unable to locate the camera . It seemed that the employees were too lazy or too inefficient to check about this camera . But for the fact that I had a proof of delivery from United States Post Office the camera may have been lost by the incompetence of the Casio repair system . After multiple calls of an almost prayerful nature I finally found out the order number of the camera and was told it would be a few weeks until the part could be obtained . About a month after I purchased and paid for the camera it was returned by Casio . It was dropped at the doorstep without any requirement for a signature.I opened the box couple of days after I received it and attempt to take photographs . The alleged repair did not cause the camera to work properly as is promised in the advertising and their manual that comes with the camera.I sent it back to Casio again . I was told that this camera would be replaced with a new camera within seven to 10 business days.The camera was purchased and paid for July 12 , 2006 . Casio says they will return a new camera to me after September 18 , 2006 . The reason they gave is that they do not have a replacement camera and they have to wait for new one to come from Japan . The date of this writing is September 7 , 2006 . I intend to file a suit against Casio for fraud -LSB- the intentional misrepresentation of a material fact to cause the customer to act to his/her detriment -RSB- along with a request for punitive damages.I would advise no one purchase a Casio camera because their warranty service is nearly worthless . I called Casio about 10 times and never received a single reply . On the 10th time , I was told by the representative that she had called me . I told her there was no such call on any log . She said she did not leave a message . Then she said someone answered the phone and hung up . Then she said she called my Florida telephone number . I check my Florida telephone number and no such call was of received . She then gave me a phone number in New Mexico . I checked the telephone log on that telephone number and there was no such call . A feeble excuse was then made saying it sounded as if someone answered the phone and hung up . I retorted , if I wanted to convey information and the telephone did not operate properly I would call again . She never would answer why she did not leave a message.To make Casio and better corporate citizen and to cause them to produce a better and more reliable product and raise their awareness of the importance of customers , PLEASE DO NOT BUY CASIO !
 I purchased this camera last week at the local Ritz Camera . I put it to the test against my friends Canon 400 and my 5 year old Kodak 4 MP . Both other cameras took much brighter and clearer photos . Additionally the performance in low light was abysmal . The digital zoom is not very good and pictures with even a little optical zoom seemed blurry . This camera also has the problems of its predecessors in that in order to charge the camera or to connect to a computer , you must use the cradle . It is not very convenient if you plan to travel with this camera.As a positive the user interface is actually pretty good , and the screen is very large and bright . The battery life is also supposed to be about 2-3x better then competitive cameras . Other then that the camera is betting on marketing 10MP rather than performance.I have already returned the camera already and bought a Canon SD630 . I 'd stay away from this unless you think it is impressive to have 10MP . As a positive the user interface is actually pretty good , and the screen is very large and bright . The battery life is also supposed to be about 2-3x better then competitive cameras . Other then that the camera is betting on marketing 10MP rather than performance.I have already returned the camera already and bought a Canon SD630 . I 'd stay away from this unless you think it is impressive to have 10MP .
 I had the old 3.2 mpeg Exilim for years and recently upgraded to this one.It was not obvious when I did the research to buy this , but the external battery charger turned out to not be a good idea . Unless you have 2 batteries to switch around.The problem1 . you take battery out to recharge2 . say you leave the battery in the charger for a few days3 . put battery back into camera , everything resets and the camera asks you to enter date/time again . urgh ... annoying ... I still like the Exilim , but just wished I did n't get one with external battery .
 I have had the camera since Febuary and while it does take great pictures , I opened the case yesterday to find the LCD cracked . To replace this would be $ 150.00 minimum which is half the price I paid . I did not drop it , it was in the case in my purse . Apparently after speaking with Casio you are not supposed to put it in a purse or in a suitcase . Well this will not work for me and I have never heard of such . I have to have something more durable . I am basically out 276.00 which is what I paid in Febuary . Its too bad because it did take great pictures and was very compact , just too fragile .
 This camera takes blurry pictures straight out of the box . One mistake I made was to not take my own SD card to the camera shop and look at the output . I thought the blurry image I was seeing at the camera store was because of the low resolution screen but it really is the camera . I 've missed too many pictures of my kids and am in the process of buying a new camera a short 2 months after buying this.Casio support was responsive and tried to help but nothing appears to work . And point and shoot is definately not an option . I thought it would be nice to take quick pictures of the kids but none of them are worth keeping . I 've taken over 200 pictures and I will not print any of them .
 I was looking forward to the newest Exilim camera , -LRB- I have five of them -RRB- but when I recieved my EX-Z1000 I was very disappointed with the quality of the pictures . Having owned Exilim zoom cameras since the 3.2 mp I have always liked the ease of use along with the small size of the Exilim cameras -LRB- I always carry one of my Exilim with me -RRB- . When I get a new one I always compare the real world use of the new camera with my previous one . When I first shot the EX-Z1000 I was impressed with the new wide screen display and the new control bar , but when I put the pictures on my screen I was very disappointed they looked very grainy so I then did a comparison between my Exilim 7.2 , 8.2 , and the EX-Z1000 the clear winner is the EX-Z750 followed by the Ex-Z850 and in the rear of the pack the EX-Z1000 . At this time I will continue to use my 7.2 and 8.2 mp Exilims and I will be giving my EX-Z1000 as a Xmas gift to someone , due to the fact I ca n't return the camera without a restocking fee ... My final review is , skip the EX-Z1000 get the EX-Z750 its the best value , takes great pix , and the best video movies for a camera of it 's size ... Until the next new Casio Exilim ... Have a Great Day ! PCMD
 I own several great digital cameras . It seems like I get one for each use - one with good zoom , another camera for its good flash use in lowlight and others . This one I wanted for the high MP in a small compact size that I can put into my pocket . The first few photos were great , taken outdoors in my sunny patio . Then every picture I took after that -LRB- same settings - fine , HQ , poster 10m etc. . . and vertical lines started showing on the LCD screen and the pictures were all washed out . When I download them on the computer , they look exactly that way too - with the lines and almost all white . I 've played around with the settings -LRB- and I do know how to work them -RRB- but still it does the same.So time to return to find a better one . That 's too bad since I read some good reviews and wanted to have it .
 I give the Casio Exilim Z1000 poor marks only after much thought about what a drag it is to give a negative review for such a sweet-looking camera . I researched the Z1000 before buying it . I read the few reviewers who complained about the graininess of the photos at lighting conditions that were less than very , very bright , but they were over-shadowed by many more glowing reviews.I previously owned the Casio Exilim EX-Z110 6MP and the photos it took were never grainy , even in low light . When I saw that the Z1000 had four more million pixels , I thought that it would give me 2/3rds more resolution , but that , sadly is not the case . The grainy pixelation is so pronounced that it looks like a PhotoShop grainy filter.The flash , as it states in the documentation , is only effective at 8 feet or less . More that that produces lots of indistinct images with lots of grain.On the positive side , if the Auto ISO default is turned off and ISO 50 or 100 is used , and if you shoot all of your subjects in the very brightest light , the images do come out looking pretty crisp .
 I 've just returned this camera for poor facial image quality after using it extensively for months . My regular camera is a Fuji Finepix S602z which is large and bulky , but , takes superb facial shots . I tried the Casio due to needing something small to carry in my purse for special events and I 'm heartbroken at the incredible photo opps I 've had that resulted in poor facial quality . Do n't buy this camera if you care about what everyone looks like.I 've just ordered the PowerShot SD1000 because of the facial detection feature on it . Hopefully , it is better since I do n't want to have to carry my bulky Fuji to get great facial photos . I 'll review the Cannon once I 've had it for a few months .
 As a long time Casio digital camera user , I was looking forward to using my new EX-Z1000 . Unfortunately , it arrived with a non-functional digital zoom . No , not user error , I assure you . It 's just plain not working . -LRB- The Casio Tech Services rep I spoke to , while helpful , appeared to know less about the operation of this camera than I did . -RRB- While I did n't expect a full printed manual in the box , I was surprised that even a pdf version is currently -LRB- July ' 06 -RRB- not available anywhere , here or the U.K. web sites.Here 's the U.S. number to get a printed manual for this camera , when Casio finally gets its act together
 the pictures are blurr . they doesnt seem like 10 MP pictures . and with this bad quality they are over sized . One picture is of 3-4 MB .
 I bought a Casio Exilim 3 years ago . Since that time , the viewer cracked and the cost of the repair was 90 % of the camera 's price . Then the software began to malfunction , intermittently , by that time out of warranty . I find Casio has great features on paper but after the sale service not at all satisfactory . So , what to do ? I bought a very simple 5MP Kodak Easyshare . It is interesting in the end , after weeks of research , I would choose Kodak . My brother in law had one , it was very reliable , everyone in the house could use it , and it was reasonably priced . And judging from user reviews , Kodak will turn around a broken camera in 48 hours . I 'll take that over a bunch of bells and whistles anyday .
 I am a little confused by S.L. 's review , `` I had a moment of angst while attaching this strap
 Not sure if it is my cpu processor or graphics card ... but the new 7900 Nivida did not work . It caused lines and other distortions . Put my old card back in .
 Forget this card with Vista Ultimate , especially for DreamScape , Areo . Scrambles and freezes , especially with Media Center . Great with XP , very poor Vista product , even with latest drivers .
 Looked like a nice docking station but is not compatablewith Windows Vista 64 bit
 The basics work fine ; keyboard , mouse , speakersBut I have not been able to get the dock to support my monitor . I installed the new drivers from the Kensington web site which seem to work termporarily . However , upon reboot my Dell XPS laptop -LRB- running Vista -RRB- does not recognize the VGA driver.I called Kensington for support on this issue . I got the worse support I have received in my life . Support did nothing to diagnos the problem . They claimed it was a Microsoft or Dell issue and that I should call them .
 I tried this docking station because my Gateway laptop with Vista does not come with a docking station as an accessory . As many other reviewers have noted , this product , as well as a similar item from Targus I also tried , will not support Vista properly . For one thing it disabled the Aero feature . I downloaded the Vista drivers but no help there . Ended up returning it.I think a generic docking station will not support Vista properly . Probably because all the data has to transmit via the USB connection . Buyer beware , before you order any of them , call the manufacturer first and check .
 I spent several hours attempting to get the video form my new Toshiba Laptop - new HP display along with the normal geek stuff - i.e. PDA phone , HP printer , Scanner , sound system - mouse and key board . In the end tossed the Expansion Dock in the heap of older out dated computer stuff - in the end used a powered seven USB hub and ended up with -LRB- 4 -RRB- plugs to laptop - 1 . Power , 2 . Video 3 . Sound cable to HP display and 4 . The USB Hub.I feel the conflicts are a result of the Expansion Dock attempting to work with the new VISTA operating System . Just a paint to get the things to play together upon shut down to re - boot.In the end a Toshiba laptop owner might have to wait for Toshiba to get its Tower Port System a little better engineered - from most reviews it has a way to go - I have not tried it - wasted far too much on hardware and some degree software that does not work as stated .
 terrible . not very compatible with a new lenovo thinkpad . sound constantly cuts out , video freezes -LRB- windows media player , netflix instant , etc. -RRB- , and itunes and other music programs constantly crash as well . a waste of 100 bucks .
 I ordered this dock in order to connect a second monitor , photo printer , external drive , etc. to my HP Pavilion dv5000 . The first dock was damaged and the second dock did not work . The sellers -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- were very quick to respond to my request to exchange and then request to return . No problem at all with the seller , but I would n't buy this product from any vendor .
 If there was more detail from Amazon , I would have never bought this item . To me , the whole point of buying a docking station is so I do n't have to lug around the power pack in and out of my laptop case . This docking station did n't come with a power pack !!! A USB port hub will almost be as good as this docking station - with the exception of a place to hook the monitor . I tried to go generic - but at the end of the day , but a docking station that is made for your specific laptop by your laptop manufacturer . You will be much happier in the long run .
 Product came DOA - software would n't load . Called technical support who 3 times said they would email the download , but their English was n't good enough to get my email address correct - even after spelling several times.Called Kensington Corporate in California and spoke to Customer Service Manager who said someone would call me shortly . Called Customer Service Manager back 24 hours later and he noted it was n't his fault no one contacted me , as he passed on the information.I 'm returning this after investing hours unsuccessfully trying to overcome the Kensington Customer Service Prevention Department .
 The protector I got was n't the right size for my Zune . The seller refunded my money w/o having to send the item back , so I have neutral feelings .
 I do believe that $ 300.00 is a little expensive for a measley 2.2 gigs of space .
 This product looks great on the desk and has a great price compared to the other models . I work for a mid-size corporation and we had purchased two of these for two offices . Within one month both of them started to flicker and fade to red . We had both replaced -LRB- easy to get them replaced , that 's one good thing -RRB- and all seemed fine until another two months down the line when one of the replacements started to do the same thing . Just a fair warning !
 Contacted ANTonline 3 days after receiving this product because the monitor was the wrong type for my security project . Contacted ANTonline to return item but was told we had to go online to obtain a RMA number . This number gives the authorization and address to make the return . After several emails to this company , we were told the product could not be returned . Again , we contacted them stating that the product was never used . This time we were told that the return information would be sent within 48 hours -LRB- 5 March 2008 -RRB- . We have contacted this company over 8 times requesting the return address but no one is responding . It has been over 30 days and I have contacted the Better Business Bureau for assistance .
 This is a comfortable and cool looking headset , but what they do not tell you is that after spending $ 44 , this will not work in your xbox . You still need to buy a xbox live communicator -LRB- sold separately -RRB- in order for this to actually work . I bought this for my son for Chanukah and it was a big disappointment . I have been to several local stores looking for this communicator and have been unable to find it . I have also not been able to find it on the Amazon website .
 this doesnt come with the communicator part that goes in the controller , this is just the headset ... and it sucks ... you 'd be better off buying one of the cheap ones , with the headset that wraps around your head , this one always falls out of my ear ... in my opinion , a waste of 25 bucks...-Chris -
 It 's got it 's good and bad 's defintly jacked up in price though . It is like they say a very nice and light headset , but i had major issues keeping it in my ear , it does come with 4 different kinds of attachments to fit your ear , but i still could n't find the right one to fit right perfectly in my ear and actually stay without having to adjust it every few minutes . Overall not very happy with the product , and i 'm probably going to go just purchase another headset that is actually not over priced
 The question on everyone 's mind is , `` Is it worth the money ? '' and the simple and only answer is no . Even if price was not a factor , I would never buy this again for even 5 dollars.Does it sound good ? Yes , it sounds okay , but not even as good as the Microsoft Xbox live headset that they give you . Honestly , can you expect good sound from a tiny micro-tweeter -LRB- literally about 3 by 3 millimeters wide -RRB- compared to a 1 inch speaker ? Tinny is the best descriptive word to describe playing halo 2 on it.Does it fit ? For me , no . They give you 4 included earpieces that are supposed to fit . But basically , there 's a set of 2 foam and 2 rubber earpieces that are large and small . I have an average size head , and very average ears . I use the typical hands-free set used in cell phones without any problem . The Plantronics device did n't fit well . It sort of hurt my ear canal . The larger one did n't even stay in my ear canal well , while the smaller one went way too deep . Since the whole device is balanced by the earpiece alone , it puts some strain on your ear canal itself . Imagine a putting a cork in your ear . I think that the smaller sized ear pieces are meant for kids , and the larger size earpieces are meant for people with BIG ASS EARS . For the rest of us , it wo n't feel unnoticed.If you want something smaller that fits in your ear , try a regular hands-free set that comes with any cell phone . You 'll notice that the 2.5 mm jack is the exact same as the one on the Xbox live module . Good luck .
 This unit came with Streets & Trips 2009 and failed in less than 60 days . Pharos is replacing it with a new one under warranty but will only give a 30 day warranty on the replacement GPS . The original had a 1 year warranty . Proceed with caution .
 I purchased this scale new and it worked well for 5 months . All of a sudden , the only function that now works is the on/off switch . Now this scale will not register any weight , it remains at 0.00 pounds.The scale has been well cared for and placed in a permanent place , it has n't been moved or located near anything with a radio frequency ... cell phone , etc. . I know that these instruments can be delicate , and that is why I placed it carefully and where it would n't be disturbed.The function buttons are crooked and sometimes require two pushes to get them to engage because they often stick -LRB- this was when my scale was working ! -RRB- . The window that shows the weight is small -LRB- for eyes over 40 !! -RRB- and needs a backlight to help illuminate this area better.The scale does come with an adapter -LRB- which I always used -RRB- and can also run on a 9V battery . The flip up top is handy for larger envelopes or tubes . Based upon my limited personal use together with the fact that this scale worked well for only 5 months , I would not recommend it for a business environment . In fact , I have difficulty recommending it at all.I am an occasional seller on eBay and used this scale about twice a week . I have since purchased a My Weigh Ultra-Ship 35 lb . scale and am hoping for better luck -- so far , I 've been most impressed by that scale 's accuracy and sensitivity . I 'll be even more impressed if it lasts ! I miss the flip top of the DigiWeigh , it 's convenient and you do n't have to worry about storing extra attachments for weighing larger envelopes & tubes like you do with the UltraShip .
 Scale worked for less than one dozen weighs . Displays ` LO ' when turned on then automatically turns off . AC or DC does n't matter . In addition , the jack in the scale for the AC adapter has broken loose . Go to the company website for troubleshooting and these are common problems of which the company is n't real good about responding to . I also purchased another Digiweigh 330 # floor scale that was DOA . Go see what digitalscale dot com has to say about this outfit . I suspect they wo n't be around long .
 The scale worked for several months , but now flickers from 0 - to-2 ounces with nothing on it . When a weight is actually on it , without any vibration , the weight flips back and forth over a 4 oz . range .
 I purchased the radio/cd model . It will not get through an entire CD without the batteries going dead . I contacted Salon-Maxim customer service and was told this was `` completely normal '' , `` CD player uses a lot of power '' , `` use rechargeable batteries '' , and `` sorry ... nothing I can do for you '' . He also suggested I use an ac/dc adapter -LRB- IN THE SHOWER -RRB- !! I do not recommend this product .
 I attended a Cancer relay and one of the gifts given to Cancer Survivors was a `` Salton Wet Tunes '' shower radio . Turning on the radio took a good 1-2 minutes and if you were not careful , it would turn off . After one week , it would not turn on at all . I know the batteries are good , because the clock works . When , and I use that word very sparingly , it worked the reception was so poor I could hardly hear with the volumn up high . I was extremely dissapointed in the product . I 'm happy I did n't purchase the product . Having said that , I 'm sure the group that put together the relay will not request that paticuliar product again . One would think a manufacture would donate a product that is workable because , what better `` free '' advertisment could one get ? This advertisment for `` Wet Tunes '' , went south . This product , `` Salton Wet Tunes '' is in the trash.I hope no one else purchases one .
 This horrible product delivers distorted sound and needs batteries much too often . I 'm looking for a better one and will throw this in the garbage which is where it belongs . DO N'T BUY IT !!!
 I bought this shower radio last year . It did not play CDs , but the batteries died after only a few uses . I do n't know if it was defective or if the constantly running clock caused the battery death . I was very disappointed and returned it . Another shower radio that was much cheaper and did n't have a clock runs forever on batteries .
 Every time I turned it on , I had to turn the sound all the way up , which was n't so bad , but the batteries ran out like every 2 weeks ! And I was n't using a CD , just radio ! And I do n't take long showers either . I just got sick of it !
 This is a total steal , it 's made of cheap plastic , and it does n't really diffuse a lot of light , when shooting portraits you ca n't tell the difference unless you are shooting close-ups and even then it 's a harsh light . Probably a price of 9.99 would be fine , but it 's like 7 times that price . You are better off not using anything to diffuse , bouncing or a DIY softbox . I 've had it for over 6 months and does n't get much use -LRB- i just use it because it was too expensive to just throw it away -RRB- . It is not worth getting it .
 This power strip does not have a cord ! Be Warned ... If you buy this you 'll need to buY a separate power cord and buy a receptacle and then break out a metal piece and spend time trying to put it together .2 separate people at our company ordered these ... BIG MISTAKE ...
 This product stopped working about a week after I got it . I contacted the seller and they sent another . Now , It no longer works . I will be contacting the seller for a full refund . Do n't buy this thing . It is not name brand and will not work .
 This box used the old technology -LRB- would have to connect by phone modem but I wanted to connect through ethernet . -RRB- It was impossible to get a phone number to reach the company to discuss it and even more impossible to return the item because they would not respond to emails . End result - I returned it but between postage and `` restocking fee '' lost about 50 % of the original amount paid .
 Contact Sony ere you buy . This gizmo is the best thing since the invention of the cirgarette lighter . Oh yeah ; - It is not operable . New receivers are no longer supported by Sony.Nor is the Microsoft version supported by Microsoft . * If you purchase this wonder , you may connect it , admire it - worship it if you care to , but it has been rendered obsolete . Think of the new Web ready TV Sets , which sell for a couple of thousand dollars , think of the cable companies , who might have been loosing revenue because of these wonders , and then ask why it is still being sold , although it will not work . Oh yeah ; Purchase it and then try to get rid of it on Ebay . You may be able to seil it for . * Microsoft says that it continues to support the devices IN USE PRIOR to discontinuance . Perhaps Sony does the same
 this bulb did not work . it was the correct size etc. but was broken when it arrived . i also paid a restocking fee -LSB- i think -RSB- when i returned it . it was in an old looking box too . what was that about . ?? i was offered a replacement but i 'd already gotten a new bulb locally . i could ` nt wait for more shipping time . in general i was pretty dissapointed in the entire experience .
 Besides the Alarm and Time functions being difficult to use , -LRB- I had to try the alarm function 4 times before I got it right -RRB- , The time display on this is too bright , and can only be seen head on ... not from an angle . Very disapointing for such a handsome looking clock . I wish electronic 's manufacturer 's would hire better designers to marry function with modern sleek design , is it too much to ask ?
 Purchased from Amazon on sale for $ 40.00 . I own two Tivoli Model Ones and a Bose Waveradio II and a Grundig S350DL -LRB- an Eton -RRB- . The sound and reception on this radio is not comparable to any of the above radios . The Tivoli Model One is close to the same form factor but is miles better in terms of sound and the radio . Of course you lose the remote / presets / clock function.Pros
 Got the Silver one on a Friday Deal . It looks good . I turn it on and the volume refuses to stay at one level . It goes up or down sporadically . I set it up at work which is on the far end of the city so i ca n't receive most of the stations .
 My initial reaction was not helped by my receiving a very obviously used or repaired repackaged unit from Amazon when I supposedly bought a new one . This is becoming too common with my online purchases.I am a fan of some of eton 's portables , which I have found to be serious radios , but I am at a loss to understand how a unit with this discontinued non-docking Sound 100 's manifest poverty of features could command a $ 150 MSRP , which seems to me to be at least three times too high by any objective standard . The five memory presets per band are inadequate , as is the lack of indicators -LRB- even for MUTE -RRB- on the bright but unevenly-illuminated readout , the difficulty in manual tuning or the complete absence of tone/EQ adjustment in a radio with such exaggerated bass.The sound and tuner performance are adequate , but nothing exceptional . -LSB- I 've since discovered that changing stations with the remote frequently resets the current station 's memory number to that of the desired station 's ; if you try to switch from station E with memory setting 5 to station D with memory setting 4 , Station E will remain on and have both memory settings 5 AND 4 . VERY annoying ! Not only is the memory function on this radio minimal to begin with , it does n't even work reliably . This item goes back today ! -RSB- Later
 This radio failed my first basic requirement for any electronic purchase
 The Sound 100 is the latest in Eton 's product family . As a stand-alone radio this device is average . The model with the iPod dock is a cut above and more worth consideration for only $ 30 to $ 50 more.Eton Sound 100 iPod Dock , WhiteEt&oacute;n Sound 100 iPod Dock , BlackThe speaker is monaural , but optimized to prevent distortion . At the highest volume the sound gets tinny but does n't hiss . If you like modern design , the Eton is one of the best looking . It is sleek , COMPACT and light.But there are shortcomings . The internal AM antenna is below average . You can use an external one , and most users will need to.There are only 10 programmable station presets . The RDS broadcast data is only 8 characters at a time . The screen is hard to read ; you have to be right in front of it . There are no external RCA , speaker or subwoofer jacks , only line out . There is no EQ , treble or bass control and no way to adjust the backlight.Why only 10 presets ? Why no speaker or subwoofer jacks ? Why did n't they add Short Wave or HD capability?If you only need an alarm clock radio , there are other options . This unit is above average on FM but below average on AM . Products by Sangean , BA and others have higher ratings at this price.Sangean WR-2 Digital AM/FM Tabletop Radio , BlackSangean WR-3 AM/FM Digital Table Top RadioBoston Acoustics Receptor Clock Radio -LRB- Platinum -RRB- If you are VERY picky about sound and want a nice compact radio alarm clock , this unit will mostly appeal to Eton purists who prefer this design . Definitely compare before you buy . Enjoy!Pros + Very nice iPod serial interface for optional Dock + Line-in and auxiliary jacks for MP3 players and other devices + Good speaker sound with surprising bass + Shielding protects the radio from interference + Battery backup possible for power outages + Nice alarm clock function + Nice looking design in a small and LIGHT form factorCons - No equalizer ; no treble or bass control - Requires external antennae for good radio reception - No RCA jacks or stereo connections for external speakers - No Subwoofer connector - only standard stereo line out - RDS only displays 8 characters at a time - Backlight is not adjustable ; you must be close to it to read it
 It 's not a bad table radio ; it sounds pretty good and AM/FM reception is good . I like that it has an external FM antenna -LRB- but it lacks any connections for an external antenna -RRB- . The bad things are the cost , the backlighting , and the difficulty in setting the time.I got mine for around $ 135 with shipping . The Sangean WR-2 which is a much better radio sells for about the same amount if you do a bit of shopping . I paid considerably less for my WR-2 than the list price on the Eton 100 . The backlighting is not adjustable ! And at night it 's BRIGHT like you can see across the room in the dark bright . If you need to sleep in a dark room this not the radio for you.The clock settings revert away from set mode so quickly that it 's hard to set by the tone of a time service.If you 're looking for a really good table radio I suggest the Sangean WR-2 . The backlighting is adjustable -LRB- you can also turn it off -RRB- . It sounds better and the treble and bass are adjustable -LRB- the piano finish wooden cabinet in white or black is especially nice.While I 'm not sending it back -- if I had bought this radio retail , I 'd probably take it back to the store and order another Sangean WR-2 .
 I compared this unit to a Sangean WR-2 and felt the Sangean was a better buy , having more features and better value . The WR-2 also looked much more attractive , and the wood cabinet certainly seemed much nicer than the ordinary plastic used for the Eton.As far as features , the Sangean has RDS reception , bass and treble control , a knob tuner for the digital radio frequency -LRB- easier to select a station quickly -RRB- , and a dimmer with variable intensity . The Eton is a tad easier to use as an alarm clock , and has a theoretically superior extendable metal antenna versus the rather cheap Sangean wire tuning cable.In terms of sound , both radios sound rather good , considering they have a 3 '' mono driver in the 5-7 Watt range . Good sound , clear enough . `` Room-filling '' ? Not likely , but also not needed . Both units use a bass port but IMO the Sangean 's wooden cabinet gives it somewhat better bass extension . The audio adjustments on the Sangean are useful , to trim or add bass and treble as needed depending on broadcast nature.Sensitivity
 While this unit looks nice , it sounds awful . The bass is pumped way up and there is no way to turn it down . The result is that I can not understand voices on the radio and music sounds AWFUL . While I do not expect much from what is really just a clock radio , this is worst I have ever heard in a radio.In addition , instead of having the power cord connect direct to this radio , they use an external `` wall wart '' , which is so large it covers both of the AC outlets when it is connected.I am returning this it is so bad . If you do try to buy this , do not pay over the $ 30 to $ 40 that it gets put on sale for .
 When was the last time you had a digital clock which could n't keep time ? Here 's your chance to get one ! It loses several minutes a month.The display can only be read if you are looking head-on -LRB- e.g. no off angle visibility -RRB- . This is probably ok as a radio , but not suitable for use as a clock or clock radio.Sound is OK .
 The AM reception was awful.I was replacing an old Sony Dream Machine , but the old Sony handled AM much better.So I must give it one star.Also , the backlight was glaringly bright .
 This radio alarm clock is decidedly second rate . It is had to program , cheap feeling and even lacks a dimming feature for the LED , a feature that is essential for a clock radio that has an alarm feature . Stay away , there are much better options available for less money and from better names .
 Not much to say here other than you can do much better with much less . I am a radio collector and right now you can do much better with a Sangean WR-1 or WR-2 . This radio feels cheap and has an external power supply . Sound is about the same as a $ 25 no name unit you can buy at any department store .
 I wish I had read reviews of this product before I shelled out $ 150 for it . After about 6 months , it has stopped working . The clock sometimes appears hours ahead or behind , the controls suddenly stop working , either by remote or on the unit , including the manual volume knob -LRB- which apparently is n't manual -RRB- . Sometimes I ca n't even turn the machine OFF . So I unplug it for about 4 hours , then plug it back in and it works for about a day . THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE BIGGEST JOKE ON THE AMERICAN CONSUMER . I feel like an idiot ! And the worst part about it is that I bought it after I saw it advertised on the NPR website ... a place I used to trust implicitly .
 The design is decent although the display is barely readable . Reception is satisfying . The deal breaker is the dull sound which can not be adjusted . How dumb to save a couple of bugs , Eton ! No comparison to Model One from Kloss ! The $ 10 radio-clock of my father sounds better than this unit .
 i could n't sleep with this thing in my room ... display was too bright and could not be adjusted ... also , why would they not put bass/treble buttons on this radio ... and its way too bass heavy -LRB- and i love bass ! -RRB- ... i often listen to talk radio in the morning ... could n't understand what was being said through this radio ... just a low rumble that resembled a voiceit is definitely a nice looking radio ; unfortunately the plastic housing and buttons feel really cheapi ended up returning this for the boston acoustics horizon solo ... this radio is exactly what i had hoped the eaton would be ... i highly recommend !
 This review concerns HP and this computer ; NOT the seller , with whom I have no disagreement.Update . HP seems to have gone to these worthless `` software modems '' . As I mentioned further in this somewhat objectionable review -LRB- I do n't like getting ripped off , sorry -RRB- , I also purchased an HP Pavillion dv9500T . The Motorola SM56 modem on that dog was so bad it NEVER would connect at more than 28.8 K -LRB- this computer is a Compaq Presario R4010T which gets 36-44K , generally 38.8 K on the IDENTICAL line -RRB- . If you only have dialup , do n't buy either of these computers ! -LRB- My experience is that the HP soft modem is SUBSTANTIALLY -LRB- relatively speaking -RRB- than the Motorola SM56 soft modem which should be avoided under all conditions . -RRB- I purchased the NW9440 so I could run MatLab . It does that quite well . In that sense it is perfectly acceptable . -LRB- It has WUXGA 1920x1200 or whatever which is easier on the eyes as I have very poor vision . The text is too small at WUXGA so I change the screen resolution to a WXGA or whatever . This sounds stupid , but the text is larger and it is rendered very , very clearly . It you look with a magnifier at a character the text has many , many pixels -RRB- As I said , the dv9500T had Vista on it . I had so many seizures that I could n't use it . I tried to install XP and it would n't allow me to -LRB- XP could n't find a hard disk , etc -RRB- . HP -LRB- like Sony -RRB- apparently requires that you use their proprietary installation disk . I am serious about these seizures . I am not making this up . I finally took the Pavillon and threw it out the door and smashed it into pieces as I could just could not have any more seizures and I felt that it was better not to be tempted to try to get this dog to be accessible . Vista is a total writeoff if you have trouble with animations , etc. -LRB- I ca n't even use a digital camera right now as I am so sensitive . I am afraid to have any more seizures . I may try to take a picture of the Pavillion and put it up on my photosensitive epilepsy website so people may understand how serious this accessibility problem is to people like me and so that they realize that I am not fabricating this . -RRB- Despite the modem problems with the nw9440 -LRB- as I said , I have one -RRB- , I will probably purchase a second one to replace the recently demised $ 1800 Pavillion as at least it has XP on it . It is unlikely that I will ever be able to ever buy another notebook again as they are now coming more with -LRB- totally inaccessible -RRB- Vista . As it was , I had to uninstall the HP Recovery program on the nw9440 so that I could use it . -LRB- The reason is is that when you restart the computer from hibernation , there is a blinking underscore in the upper left corner of the screen . This was sending me through the ceiling and I could not disable it . By uninstalling the recovery program , there is only a single blink , now.I received this unit last week or so and everything went fine until I went to connect it to the internet . Normally I get 36-40 and up 44K connection speeds . Since this was a brand new model , I expected 40-44K . Nope . 28 into 30 's and sometimes high 30 's . All over the place -LRB- sequential connections should be similar in speed -RRB- . I was not happy to say the least.I also purchased a loaded HP Pavillon dv9500T . That just came with Windows Vista Business . I had so many seizures from all of the unnecessary animations and blinkings thanks be to bill gates -LRB- I have epilepsy -RRB- that I almost committed suicide as a consequence to all the problems I was having.The modem just would NOT connect about 28.8 K -LRB- Should be up towards 40K -RRB- . Completely reinstalled Vista from the recovery partion and went all but suicidely insane from another round of bad microsoft generated seizures . Updated the drive , restarted the computer . Still only 28.8 K.I finally did some checking and it turns out that HP -LRB- may both Hew and Pack burn in ghehenna for eternity for what they have done to us -RRB- does n't even use real modems in these two notebooks ; instead they use `` softmodems '' . A real modem has a DSP in it and all sorts of signal processing ; a softmodem is basically a tin can open to the telephone liine on one end and with wires connecting to a bus where the processing software interfaces . -LRB- No real modem -RRB- . Yes , REAL JUNK.This is as CHEAP as you can get and you get equally CHEAP performance . I have two brand new notebooks worth almost $ 4,800.00 and they are worth 2cts with these scrap bin modems . They ca n't perform and they never will perform.They are not up to snuff , as the cowboys say.Don ' t waste your money buying either of these two dogs as you will lose it and do n't invest any time in them as they will never be up to stuff.HP has gone as low as they can go . california compost quality -LRB- No more HP computers for me after getting ripped of this badly -RRB-
 I ca n't tell you how this product performs , because I ca n't even get it to power up . When I plug it in , I get no response from the unit whatsoever . I initially thought it was a power cord issue , but I tried two other cords I had and neither worked . I am extremely disappointed . I ordered the Jwin Electronics I552BLK to replace it .
 Not only did this stereo not work , it started smoking when I had it plugged in for less than 5 minutes . Then when I had to send it back , I HAD TO PAY THE POSTAGE BACK which was almost $ 20 . I still have not received a refund on the product , and when I brought it to my UPS store , they told me the address was a bad/unknown address , but that they would send it anyway and hope for the best . I am waiting for it to come back so that this company does n't have to refund my money , and I will be stuck paying $ 18 for a package that could n't even get sent correctly.I am absolutely disgusted with Amazon for the way that they have handled this . You really want your review this badly , you send me emails all the time , but I still have n't gotten my account credited for the refund on this extremely dangerous product that you told me came from an excellent seller.I had a $ 50 Amazon gift card that I used to purchase this product , and I am pretty sure I will let the remainder go to waste . This has been a waste of my time and energy , and I am absolutely sick of solicitations from Amazon when they have n't even dealt with the original problem.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT !!!! AND MAKE SURE AMAZON IS HELD ACCOUNTABLE FOR ANY FAULTY PRODUCTS THEY ENDORSE OR PROMOTE FROM THE SUPPLIER .
 Well it 's xmas morning and my nephew opened up his new docking station , plugged it in , and the whole unit began to smoke and burn . This crappy item is going back , and now my nephew has nothing to play is ipod on for xmas.A hunk of junk.James -LRB- Hodgy -RRB- Hodgins
 I recently purchased this stereo and was very disappointed . When I plugged it in for the very first time smoke started coming out of the back of the stereo . I quickly unplugged the stereo and returned it .
 This product was okay when it arrived - we wanted a battery operated device to take to the pool / beach . The sound quality was average , as was the build quality . Anyway it died a couple of months after I bought it -LRB- despite pool / beach use we 'd been extra careful with it -RRB- and by the time I 'd got around to checking the warranty I realized it had expired . Even if it had n't the documentation was so poor I would n't have known how to get the unit fixed ! Steer clear .
 I ca n't recommend this stereo to anyone . I first purchased the iTone E600Bk . I got it to use at work and it has great sound , but it 's not a portable unit . There is no handle , and the dock sticks out on the front and I was afraid I might damage it taking it to and from work . So I bought the iP550 as a replacement . It does n't even come close to the 600 . The sound is shallow and flat and there are no adjustments . What a waste . The only good points about the 550 are it 's light weight and it has a handle . Save your money and if you want good sound and do n't have to have a portable unit , get the iP600 .
 Well after reading the first two reviews , I purchased these 2-way radios at Best Buy . I tested them out after getting home and found I lost contact around 1/2 mile !! Yes it says UP TO 10 miles under optimum / perfect conditions , so you figure under not so perfect condition , at least get 5 miles or so . My 1/2 mile was in your typical town / suburb type setting . Both people testing this radio was outside too . Some houses , trees . . etc around . Nothing of any major concern for interuption.I figured ok , well at least give me a few miles , but NO ! 1/2 mile was my maximum distance . The weather was clear , calm and cool , and I had fresh new batteries.I will be returning these in the morning !
 The first thing I did when I took the radios out of the box was to insert them into the charger . Charge them for 12 hours for the first time the instructions said . So then I left and went to work . When I came back , one of the radios was ON Vibrate Alert mode . The radio was turned off and sitting in the charging pod . It got even louder when I took it out of the charger and it would not stop till I finally took out the battery . These walkie-talkies are junk . Lousy range too .
 These radios are not compatible with the Motorola radios being used by my crews . They are not receiving a good signal from even 2 feet away much lest a mile or more . I would not recommend them to anyone for purchase or use .
 I bought a pair from buy.com 2 years ago because it claims 10 miles effective distance . When we went to Vermont on two cars , we tested it on MA highway where no hills or other obstacles between us . The actual working distance is about 1.5 mile for the most . When it gets beyond that limit , the other end ca n't get out messages although they are visually in sight.Plus , this item is pretty bulky to carry.The only regret is there is no `` 0 '' star rank here .
 was not able to try it out since we can not get it to turn on . We are requesting a return/replacement .
 Its impossible to read the time on the clock face . The light is too dim . I could n't figure out how to set the clock - nothing worked . Only works on batteries - the plug was useless . Basically just a useless plastic box .
 This is one of the worst examples of design and quality that I have ever encountered in an electronic device . .
 Very Very hard to set up . Myself , husband or teenage computer nerd had hard time figuring out . When finally got it then the alarm was not reliable . One time late for work was all it took . Sent it back .
 I purchased this product for a Christmas gift . it showed up on time and in good condition . when I oppened the package the item felt as though it should cost a third of what it did . It is small ! Not even close to the size I pictured it to be . most standard alarm clock radio 's are twice its size and weight . It just felt cheap and flimsy . And the screen is tiny . my digital camera has a bigger screen so it wont matter if the picture is of poor quality because you wont be able to tell ! as far as the operation I was generaly satisfied except I was under the impression that this item had acsending alarm volume . -LRB- main reason for purchase -RRB- and it does not . I would not purchase another one . I regret it
 I purchased this product based on the two reviews listed . I guess we all have different expectations of what quality sound is . Virtually no bass and at times gets tinny . I bought it for my wife for Valentine 's Day to replace her older Phillips CD boom box in the bathroom . The sound does not compare . The old Phillips sounds much better . If you buy this expecting `` big sound '' out of a small package , you will be disappointed . If you just want something to hook your iPod up to , it works .
 The Emerson i-tone that was shipped to us through Amazon was defective . When we plugged in the A/C adapter it hummed and buzzed and sounded like the end of the AM radio dial .
 I got this drive from Staples few monthes ago . Burned several DVDs , success and failure mixed , not sure why . Anyways , one morning , the door failed to open , tried reboot pc , did not work . Used pinhole to open it , it refuse to open after the pc is powered on . I am contacting the tech support about this product , hopefully I can get a replacement . Worse come to worse , I can have a paperclip standby to help me open this thing up . What a doll .
 I ordered this product with high hopes . It 's cheaply made . I was not impressed with the mechanics of this item . To engage the record player you have to unhook the `` arm '' manually and then move all the way to the right to turn it on . To turn off , you have to be careful and pick the needle up off the record and pull the `` arm '' all the way to the left until you hear a click . The CD player opened just fine when the open/close button was pushed , but would not close until you pushed the slider . Sound quality was pretty good . It would n't take much to break any part of this record player . If you are looking for something that will last I do n't believe this will be the record player for you .
 BEWARE If i could give these radios a lower score than 1 i would don , t be fooled by the up to 12 miles if they reach out to a mile you will be lucky the vibrate feature only works some times other times it rings or does nothing the vox feature is nice but way too sensitive even in the lowest setting if never could get the weather radio to work i would not trust these radios in the woods hunting they will be going back
 I tried to use this for my dell 1600n I get a flashing light that keep saying no Cartridge not sure if its defected or not ... either way im just gon na order the Dell Toner to avoid this frustration ...
 This company 's toner cartridges are so bad that they actually killed two office printers . The cartridge was so badly constructed that it leaked toner all over the inside of the printers resulting in paper jams that not only made a mess of the office but ultimately resulted in a piece of paper wrapping entirely around an inaccessible roller . The printers are useless now and have to be replaced . Saving a few dollars on the cartridge has cost me several hundred dollars replacing two dell printers!Do not buy these products !
 Inserted this new toner cartridge into my printer , attempted to print a project and it promptly dumped its toner guts everywhere . Needless to say I am not impressed . I did n't have time to send it back so I extracted the toner and yield counter chip and refurbished my old cartridge . So it was n't a total loss , but cost me a good bit of time in cleanup and labor moving the toner and chip .
 I bought the desktop charger along with the 2-way radios -- it never charged properly -- either did n't charge the batteries or overcharged -- I finally just went out and bought some rechargable batteries , and a charger at my local drug store -- much less hassle overall --
 The traffic kit for my Magellan Roadmate 800 has not worked properly from day one , even after much time spent with `` tech '' support -LRB- from India -RRB- . It 's very frustrating to get a product from a company headquarted less than 30 minutes from your home and not be able to talk to anyone at the company -LRB- Magellan -RRB- about why the product is not performing properly . The problem -LRB- in this case -RRB- is that I was using a newly-purchased product -LRB- the Traffic Kit -RRB- with an older GPS -LRB- long out of warranty -RRB- so whose to say where the trouble lay -- in the Traffic Kit or the GPS unit ? I could have sent both products in and done without even the basic GPS for a few weeks but there was no guarantee that Magellan would n't charge me extra if the problem was with the GPS unit itself.Very dissappointed with Magellan 's tech support and , really , the lack of any substantial help they could offer . I am living with the GPS alone -LRB- without the Traffic Kit -RRB- , using the free Google Maps application in my cell phone/PDA for realtime traffic updates , and simply counting the cost of the Traffic Kit as a loss . When the time comes to upgrade/replace the GPS , Magellan will not even be considered as an option -- they have lost a customer for life due to their out-sourced `` help '' desk .
 I totally concur with OR Murray ! I would never have thought Oregon Scientific would have had something as cheap as this ! It says the AC adapter is included . . it 's not ... why would I want a projection clock if I ca n't get it to project all the time ? It keeps me from having to sit up in bed ... look over the lump who is my dear husband and try to see the clock ! It 's not rocket science ... but getting the clock to the correct time zone is !! Make the clock EASY ! I am computer literate and my family considers me the person to do all things like this ... but when companies do like this it makes that job harder ! The instructions were horrible ! I will definitely think again before I will spend the extra money on an OS product .
 Only projects when you hit the snooze button , which is impossible to find in the dark , so what is the point ? It says you can have continuous projection with an AC adapter , but try finding one . And then , I tried plugging in the AC adapter from my bedside Oregon Scientific clock , which seemed to fit but ... no continuous projection still , and I ca n't find a manual anywhere . It 's a compact and stylish travel clock if you do n't need to read the time in the dark .
 I was very excited to get this clock , but it just does not live up to its description . The projected time is very hard or impossible to see unless the room is pitch black . It also only projects continuously if you buy a separate power cord to plug it in . In my case , the cord jack connection appears to be weak , so the projection still blinks out . The front display is also hard to read . The black-on-grey color scheme does not provide enough contrast . It can show the time via back-light , but again you have to press a button for this function , and then it is on for a minute.My husband also had a difficult time getting it to detect the time , and we are in the eastern US time zone.Don ' t bother with this product . It 's a waste of money .
 I bought mine about a year ago for the projected time on the ceiling however it does not project without an ac adapter which was not included . Since I already had it and could n't wait for a replacement I tried to make the most of it and went to Radio Shack to see if I could get an ac adapter for it there . They tried everything and could not get it work with any ac adapter . So mine does not project unless I hit the snooze which is not the way I intended to use the projection.Another problem that I have had is setting the time , which I need to do every time I travel and I travel a lot . It is very , very complicated . The instructions were very difficult to read so I downloaded it from the manufacturers website . This was easily done but the instructions are very poor . I finally gave up on the instructions and just wing it each time . I no longer use it for traveling because I do n't need the headaches of setting a simple travel alarm clock when I travel.I also noticed that it takes a long time for the clock to sync with the atomic clock in Boulder CO but it eventually does . I think it usually takes a few weeks -LRB- therefore it was never synced when I traveled -RRB- . I live in a very big city in South Florida so I was surprised as I have had other clocks that synced much quicker.If you travel or want something that projects the time or need to be be synced with the atomic clock immediately , then this is NOT the clock for you.As for using it on other continents , I have not taken it out of North America to verify it would actually sync with one of the atomic clocks across the globe.Hope this was helpful .
 I actually bought a camera on E-Bay in December 2006 and this charger came with it . It does n't work and the batteries wo n't charge . I can see how you can use for AA and AAA , but I had similar difficulty as others noted above regarding customer service . Apparently customer service has ` special ' hours because they never answer the phone . When they do , you end up in a loop where a recording says you ca n't leave a message . Nice touch !
 Hi , This battery charger does not charge AAA battery 's and is hard to charge the enclosed AA battery 's due to the load design . All battery 's must be loaded from the front . The battery 's themselves are somewhat OK and for what Amazon is selling this for it 's ok to buy it just for the battery 's and throw the charger away . Please also note that the battery 's seem a bit wider then normal and you may have a problem with some devices . I guess I would have to say ... stay away .
 No indicator to tell you when the batteries are done charging . They give you a chart and you have to figure out how many hours to keep it plugged in based on a value printed on the batteries.Batteries where slightly bigger in diameter than a standard battery . I have a cordless screw driver that is a tight fit for batteries . These batteries would n't fit in it at all .
 Third time using it , I thought the house was burning down - acrid smell of burning electronics brought moments of sheer terror trying to locate the source ... it was this cheap little recharger , melting in the outlet . I 'm not going to even bother trying to get a refund - not worth the trouble . Spend a little more money to get something reliable - and not dangerous !
 The battery only goods for approx . 1 year , after that it wo n't hold charge anymore . I do n't recommend to buy this product , add a few more buck to buy a brand name like duracell or sanyo .
 I bought 2 of these at once . Neither one worked right out of the box.The batteries only give 1.3 volts at a full charge . Not enough in most applications . Plus , I thought I would charge them a little more and see what happens ... 24 hours and the bats . are HOT ! HOT ! Bad product . No tele # for service . Charger is model v-80 . Product is made in China . Imagine that . More hassle to return them so I 'm keeping 1 as a reminder . NEVER AGAIN .
 There 's no automatic shutoff . The batteries can be dramatically overcharged and may well explode . They were too hot to touch when I unplugged the charger ... After that the charger was thrown away .
 This is absolutely worthless !!! It takes forever -LRB- at least a week -RRB- to charge batteries and you have to watch so it does n't overheat . I watch it like a hawk and leave it plugged in when I am home and unplug it when I leave for work . I 've done that for about 2 weeks trying to charge the batteries and I still have n't gotten the `` green lights '' . I would not waste your money . This is one of those `` you get what you pay for '' items . It is inexpensive to buy but a piece of garbage that does n't work and you have to watch . Honestly , I would n't even give this a one star rating .
 batteries only charged once . dont waste your money on these buy a more well known name brand instead .
 Charger may come with new house , the ad says they do not have an auto shut off thats not bad for the price but the ad also claims overnight charging but the instructions show 18 to 20 hours . Who knows where you will be in 20 hours ? who would buy them if they knew it would take 20 hours as that is not over night.Perhaps over night is Alaska . i think that I will stop buying electronics online as the ads can be deceptive . This too bad because amazon is a great company .
 Save your money . Batteries dead after 3 mos . I only gave it one star because amazon does not allow 0 for amount of stars
 This one of the scariest things I have ever plugged in an outlet in my house . There is no auto shut-off and it runs pretty hot . A charger should at least shut off when complete . Also if you look at the charge time chart it takes forever -LRB- 20hrs -RRB- to charge 2500mah batteries . What about when you just need to top them off , you have no idea .
 This was my experience with Sakar and their Digital Concepts CH-1800 Battery Charger :1 . After opening the package and reading the instructions I charged the set of batteries . A few days later the batteries were dead so I set them in the charger and plugged it in -- but it would n't work . I reread the instructions and tried troubleshooting , but eventually realized the charger was broken . I 've owned 2 or 3 Sakar products before and have never had problems with them , so I figured I 'd just contact them and request a replacement instead of returning it and buying a different charger .2 . It took 3 phone calls to Sakar customer service to get them to send me a new one . -LRB- The average `` hold time '' for their 800 number was about 15 minutes , and I was put on hold a half dozen times -- so the process took a good 2 hours . All of the reps that I spoke with were unpleasant and lacked any kind of customer empathy . -RRB- They told me that I 'd need to mail the defective item to them and then they 'd send me a new one . Oh , and that I was responsible for the shipping costs .3 . A month and a half later , the replacement charger arrived . After verifying the instructions with Sakar I repeated the same set up and charging process -- and after only one use , the replacement charger broke as well . At this point I decided to just get a refund and buy a different charger , so I contacted Sakar . They refused to give me a refund and said my only option was to ship the -LRB- 2nd -RRB- defective charger back to them and wait for them to send out another one . When I pushed back a bit , the rep actually said to me `` This is our most economical model , so -- you get what you pay for . `` At that point I hung up , drove to Walmart , bought an Energizer charger for a few bucks more , came home , and then threw out / recycled everything in the house that had Sakar 's name on it . ------------------- * UPDATE -LRB- NOV 2012 -RRB- * Although the Sakar charger has received a few positive reviews , it looks like others have experienced the same problems that I had . I doubt that all of these units are defective , but is it worth the risk ? -LRB- PS
 Got this 2 days ago and instructions say 18-20 hrs for charging but they fail to tell you that it 's not an automatic shut off . . I forgot that I had plugged it in and I was lucky the batteries did n't explode ... They were so hot that I could hardly hold them ... Not sure about the quality of the batteries but the charger is going in the trash ; I have others .
 I have asked Amazon to no avail to correct the claim that this unit charges both AA and AAA batteries . There is no way to fit AAA batteries in this unit and no mention inside the package of the ability to charge AAA batteries . Amazon just got it wrong , so I returned mine .
 The included instruction sheet lists the charging time for these 2,500 mah NiMH batteries at * 18-20 HOURS * . The charger does n't even have a voltage shut-off , so it keeps `` charging '' them even after they 're fully charged . So , you do n't know when they 're fully-charged , just wait 18-20 hours . Of course , continually overcharging NiMH cells will shorten their operational life span -LRB- unlike Li-Ion or NiCad -RRB- . I also have to note that the cells are too wide . I tried to put them in my XBOX 360 controller , and they would barely even fit . I had to push so hard to get them in that the plastic coating is scratched . I 've never experienced this problem with batteries before . I measured the diameter of a Duracell AA cell at 14.0 mm , while the diameter of these cells is 14.3 mm.Between the oversized batteries , the outrageous charging time , and a charger that does n't indicate completion , do n't buy these . They suck .
 Input voltage range should be upto 220V which is not in case of this Rechargeable Battery charger .
 One of these units started shocking us on our hands when in use!We had to junk them , because that just is n't acceptable .
 I have the Motorola Talkabout 250 and the Motorola T6310 and wanted to get a radio with a greater range so I brought the Midland GXT400 . It was advertised as a radio with a range of over ten miles , however , I think it was a misprint and they really meant one mile . I read a few reviews where the reviewers said that they got reception of over ten miles . I wonder who wrote those reviews ? HHHHUMMMMM ! If you are looking for a handheld two way radio with extended range , do not get the Midland GXT-400 ! I was definitely no more than one mile from my house when I lost reception with my wife . I tried a different route and still same result . I do not live in a canyon or in an area surrounded by skyscrapers . I live in an area where the houses are no more than two stories high and I could not get reception once I was more than ten blocks from my house . I am going back to my Motorla t-250 's . Easy to use , lighter and same range !!
 purchased radios and charger . charged batteries as directed for 24hr first charge . light on charger never turned green and radios read half power on battery meter . replaced with regular AA batteries still meter read half power so radios do not work properly ! one of the radios lcd missing several digits making it impossible to see functions properly.conclusion there is little or no quality control , radios appear to be built very cheaply , not good as a toy or proffessionaly.KYLE THOMPSON
 I cant believe that Amazon requested a review from me on this product.They sent the wrong model -LRB- no floppy drive -RRB- to me twice and then said they did n't have the right one.If you order from them you should check out what you recieve very carefully.The 1 star rateing is for Amazon not for SIIG !
 I must admit , I 'm a fairly tolerent person , but these cables moved me to write in order to warn others and ease my frustration . These cables will absolutely not stay connected to my disk drives ! A breeze from the cooling fans , nay , a stray thought , and these puppies pop out -LRB- the power connectors are fine -RRB- . An absolute and total waste of money . I gave these one star , only because I could n't figure out how to give them zero . DO NOT BUY THESE .
 I ordered this cable set along with a new hard drive for a new Windows 7 installation . The system experienced odd , intermittent problems that led to several months of troubleshooting the drive and the operating system . But it was actually a bad cable all along . I eventually had eliminated all potential drive or software issues , and was left only with the possibility of a bad cable . I put a new cable set of a different brand in , and have not had a problem since . I threw this bad cable set away .
 I bought this four months ago , to replace a PS2-based KVM when I upgraded my keyboard . It is the most unreliable KVM I 've ever used , and comes complete with absolutely ZERO customer service.The KVM operates only by hotkey switching ; you press a certain combination of keys to switch between systems . Unfortunately , the hotkey system is flakey at best ; the port-ID command has never worked for me , and the other commands work about twenty percent of the time - the rest of the time just results in you turning numlock on and off a whole lot , and filling your screen with ' - ' , ` t ' and ` a ' . As my keyboard does n't have a scroll-lock key -LRB- the default switch - you have a choice between that , or your control key - no custom keys . -RRB- I have to set the KVM to use the alternate toggle - but it `` forgets '' this setting once every week or so , forcing me to set it again -LRB- and see above re
 In the last couple of years , I have purchased four of these units . The attenuator works very well until the cord wears out right where it comes out of the base . The motion of normal use causes the cord to pull away from its connection inside , and one channel can not be heard . It is quite disappointing .
 Bought this to use with Blackberry as the lowest volume setting on there was too loud . It worked well for 8 months then stopped functioning . I was expecting better quality from Shure . If you just want to use it with a headphone , you may be better off by getting one with in-line volume control . I have an in-ear headphone from Sony with in-line volume control and it 's working great right now .
 I thought that I was purchasing a volume controller . This item only works on airplanes . The information on the item was not clear ,
 We received these switches in a timely manner but the power cord is not for the United States !! It is a foreign plug and does us no good without a plug we can use in OUR country !!
 I -LRB- as I 'm sure several others -RRB- bought this with the mindset that my days of shelling out cash on a consistent basis for keyboard air-clearners were soon numbered . Sadly , it appears that I was a tad too hasty in my assumptions . For one , let me just start off by stating that the features the Connectland USB Mini Vacuum harness are fairly neat for the most part . It contains a retractable USB cablewheel , retractable brush , led-light mechanic -LRB- to help easier locate dust on the keyboard/notebook -RRB- and turbo mode switch -LRB- for higher vacuum efficiency -RRB- . The problem here is that all of these gadgets are pretty much wasted on a useless vacuum -LRB- the core for using the entire thing -RRB- . The vacuum hardly picks up any dust at all . Even in turbo-mode -LRB- which you must have it 's button pressed down the entire time during use -RRB- the vacuum appeared to excrete more air than it should have absorbed dust . I actually experimented the vacuum on a tiny strand of hair -LRB- on a flat surface -RRB- and it could hardly even pick it up . When the retractable brush is doing a more robust job of removing dust from the keyboard than the actual vacuum itself , then you know there are definitely some issues.In summation , the Connectland USB Mini Vacuum could have been an instant recommendation at it 's price -LRB- with it 's nifty features -RRB- . However , since it 's vacuum hardly picks up any dust at all , I 'd suggest skipping over this one and simply invest in a keyboard air-cleaner instead -LRB- or continue searching for a better mini vacuum -RRB- . Since this just did n't cut it .
 I had a different kind of computer vacuum that worked well . I loan it out and it was never returned , so I wanted to buy another and this one looked great and so I ordered it . Unfortunately it does n't work at all when we connected to the USB port and unfortunately it does n't take any batteries like my old one . What a waste of money ! Was it tested at all before leaving the factory ? Probably not !
 Total thumbs-down on this product . Sound quality was terrible , which surprised me , because other reviewers had had nice things to say about it . The straw that broke the camel 's back was the adapter that was supposed to fit the iPod Nano . It simply did not work . The only way we could connect the Nano was without any adapter , and that did n't look or feel right , too fragile . I spent a little more on the Altec Lansing iM600 , which sounds fantastic , although that product 's clock/alarm clock , supposedly integrated to the iPod 's , is bad engineering . for one , you set the alarm and you have to leave the unit on and there 's a hum you have to listemn to all night . We 're keeping the iM600 for the sound , but using a little clock radio for the alarm clock . Too bad we could n't find a unit that did everything for the $ 100 we spent .
 Although this unit was advertised as having `` docking and charging for all Ipods '' , my iPod Touch 8G did not charge with this unit . It 's difficult to control the iPod when the `` docking cradle '' is in place because it obstructs the touch screen . The sound quality is just OK .
 The cords are fine , work fine , but do n't have the ferrite cores on the ends . Just plain not there . For less than a buck each , they work fine . But I wanted the cores , and it seems I 'm doing without . Any suggestions appreciated .
 I got these on sale and had hoped they would power a 1080p computer monitor but when I connected the cord and PC up I got a cable error on my monitor . It was then that I swapped out this cable for a higher end cable capable of high bandwidth and was able to get a display . These were really cheap but could not do the job for me . I am sure if you have a plain 720p tv it will work just fine though .
 I received one of these and it was faulty . The image on the screen cut in and out and had `` static '' on it . Amazon is accepting the return . Unfortunately , there is no replacement -LRB- only a refund -RRB- with this item . So , it looks like I 'll be trying a different HDMI cable next time .
 You have to either shout or put the microphone in your mouth to record some audible audio . Waste of money .
 I charged it and the battery went dead within 8 hours . the batt only had 2stars rating . I got what I paid fore .
 I left it to charge over night and the battery ran out within minutes . I put it back on charge , but it does n't work . The camera says low battery and shuts off .
 Very disappointed . Next I will buy the cheap Chinese no-name brand battery . It ca n't be any worse ! Not worth the money .
 I put the battery in the camera and it appeared to charge for a couple seconds but it never did . It wo n't work . A total waste of my money !!!
 Received two replacement batteries for my Nikon Coolpix camera . I charged the battery before use as per instructions , placed it in the camera and within two weeks , the battery was &#34; exhausted &#34; ! I put in the second battery that I purchased two days ago and am waiting to see if that one becomes &#34; exhausted &#34; too . I am very disappointed in this product ordered through Amazon.com . Not likely to order anything else .
 i recieved a working battery , but i was only able to use it one time . after that one time use it has never worked again . . when i tried to contact the seller . seller never replied back to give me another working battery or to refund my money for a dead battery .
 The battery does not even last a year had it for 3 MONTH very bad battery now am going to have to buy other battery
 Replaced the 2 year old battery in my Nikon Coolpix with what was advertised as replacement from Nikon . I received it in new packaging - but there was NO expiration date anywhere on the packaging . When it arrived I charged it for 24 hours to take pictures for Christmas . One week later when I wanted to take pictures for New Years , the BATTERY WAS DEAD !!! A NEW battery should have lasted many weeks before it needed recharging . I knew my OLD battery needed to be replaced when it only lasted a week on a full charge.Only conclusion -- it was a new battery that was past it 's expiration date ! Hey , Amazon , how does that happen ?
 I purchased 2 of these for my daughter 's trip to Belgium . Upon arrival and fully charging both batteries , she noticed neither battery lasted very long and her camera was dead within a couple hours of use -LRB- lasted days on a full charge with original battery -RRB- . Now , whenever we `` charge '' the battery , one only charges to 1/2 full and the other states it 's already `` battery exhausted '' . She did n't exhaust the original battery until after 1 full year 's use . I 'm very disappointed and luckily my daughter 's companion in Belgium was able to take pictures on his iPhone so she could have some memories from her trip .
 This battery worked for 1 WEEK then just gave out . Nothing different was done and I 've checked the camera with another battery . No explanation .
 I ordered this for a back-up battery , Big Mistake!It was suppose to be new but I really do n't think it was.I received it and charged it . The charge ran out in a shorter timeframe than my original battery.Well the problem is `` IT WILL NOT CHARGE AGAIN '' . All the money I paid for it was a waste . Next time I will buy from a big box store.Was on vacation and the time frame for return has expired by Amazon . I am SOL .
 I 've had this replacement battery for 6 months . Never held a charge for more than a few days . The origonal was good for weeks . Do n't know what to do !
 It says it 's a spare battery for the coolpix S series camera , but yet it does not seem to fit into my coolpix S52C . I should 've waited until I got the camera and read the manual as to which are the compatible accessories . Be sure you do n't make the same mistake !
 Your picture shows Nikon brand . The one I received is a Targus brand.I charged once and already is peeling off the black cover.This is not what I paid for.Please send me the original Nikon brand shown in this picture.Thanks .
 We recieved the wrong battery sent it back with an explaination with what was wrong . Two and a half weeks later we recieved another battery whitch was the same battery as the first . So now i am out of the money and the proper battery . This time i will not send it back i will just eat the loss .
 I bought two batteries , one for the camera Casio and one for my Nikon . The battery for my Nikon came dead , will not charge . I 'm very disappointed .
 battery appears to match my old one-wont hold charge for more than a few days . works ok to get by .
 It does n't keep your cup of tea or coffee any warmer than if you left it on a coaster on your desk . I replaced it with a Mr. Coffee unit which works great in keeping my cup for hours as I work at my computer .
 I purchased this warmer to hopefully serve a dual function as a mug and candle warmer . It does neither . The heated surface area is n't quite large enough to hold a standard-size coffee mug , and the metal plate never gets very warm . When I tried to warm a small candle in a metal tin , it never got warm enough to even throw off a scent .
 I have purchased two E2c earphones and each time received the covers which were soft and comfortable . These are hard and do not have the same flexibility and comfort in the ear . The do not provide the same noise canceling effect because they do not expand like the softer ones do .
 These things are awful ! They do n't fit tightly on the shure headphones so then end up sticking in your ear canal when you take off the headphones . It 's a mess , and it feels like it would be easy to get them completely jammed in your ear . Horrendous design ! It never happened with the original shure foam earphones that came with the E3c 's .
 These foams are really good both in terms of providing music quality and comfort for your ears , but they do n't last long ! First of all , they get dirty very quickly , just from being handled -LRB- and from your ear canal , no matter now clean it is -RRB- . I had read somewhere that you can wash them , so I did , but that washed off the coating which gives them shape memory -LRB- allows them to stay squeezed when you 're inserting them in your ear and expand afterwards -RRB- . After the washing they 'd just expand right after being squeezed , like regular foam does , and hence it was impossible to insert them into my ears anymore . Even if you do n't wash them and put up with the dirty look , that coating wears off after a couple of weeks just from handling , which pretty much kills the ear bud.Avoid the frustration and get triple flange sleeves instead . Nothing of the sort can happen to those , plus , you can wash them as much as you want .
 The system -LRB- as of 9 Sept 2006 -RRB- is incorrectly listed as a `` Samsung DVD-L25 Portable DVD Player with 3 '' Screen `` This discription is wrong : The unit does not have a 3 '' screen , it has a 2.5 '' screen . This can be verified on samsungs web site which states : `` Samsung offers this new ultra portable DVD player which plays Mini-DVDs and displays images on a bright 2.5 '' TFT LCD `` Also this `` DVD Player '' will not play standard size DVDs . It is technicaly a `` Mini DVD player '' and will only play the special 3 '' mini DVDs used in DVD video cameras.Getting beyond Amazon 's deceptive advertising practices the unit has several issues : Battery life is horrible . It is advertised at 2.5 hours but I am getting considerably less . While the batteries are rechargeable it is a hassle as they have to be removed from the unit.While blank media abounds publishers have abandoned the mini-DVD format , anything you play on the unit you will have to `` burn '' yourself.For a portable unit it is VERY sensitive to any vibration . For best viewing place on a table or other stationary surface.It looks toylike but this is not for younger children . There are too many buttons , no `` hold '' mode -LRB- the buttons are always active -RRB- , the main control is a finicky joystick and a nasty `` put an eye out '' warning if you lift the lid to look at the laser .
 I did not realize that this item could only play mini-dvd 's and that the selections are minimal .
 `` This is among the tiniest DVD format players available '' it states in the last line of the product description , yet its product dimensions state that it weighs 6 pounds ... more than a bag of sugar ... I do not think so , would Samsung design something that heavy for kids to lug around & watch a video ??? Top that off with 13 pounds for a shipping weight from Amazon 's listing and you get retailers charging $ 19.66 / $ 13.79 / $ 14.59 for shipping costs ??? Does this player come with its own pet brick to comfort it during the trip to its new home ??? I am amazed that Amazon is forcing us to beware of such tactics while visiting your site ... do n't you want us to feel comfortable with the information/pricing given at each products ' site ??? Do other shoppers out there not look at shipping costs before you press `` Add to Shopping Cart '' or hit `` 1-Click ordering '' ??? C'mon Amazon ... get your act together ... I love shopping here !!!
 It is a good item , but you ca n't find any movies to play on it . So it defeated its purpose in my book .
 I bought this as a possible travel DVD player , and misread the features
 I am disappointed with my last purchase and have tried to contact the seller because no where on the adverisement did it say this was a mini dvd player . It said portable and I was expecting a portable not a mini player which I can do nothing with . Was this false advertisement or was it a mistake ? I really do n't know the answer to this question because I am not able to reach Ace digital by phone . At times I feel like I was gotten . No matter what time I call this company the recording say that they are closed during the hours of operation that are give . So , at this time I again am very sadden . I do not have the product I thought I was buying .
 If you notice the date from the sellers who wrote these revies , they are at least 2 years old . I have ordered at least four of these ` supposed ' portable mini dvd players -LRB- I say ` supposed ' because not one of them has arrived -RRB- , over the past year and a half , and have yet to recieve one . This is the biggest scam online I have ever seen , if you have the opportunity to buy one of these players do not buy them on amazon . And definetly do not buy from the seller , ` book1998 ' , or ` J&R music and computer world ' . As it states in the title of the review , ` SAVE YOUR MONEY ! '
 THE MOVIES ARE HARD TO FIND FOR THIS MINI DVD . THE BATTERY LEAKED AFTER A YEAR . SO I HAVE IT USED IT FOR ABOUT A YEAR NOW .
 this would be ok but I will not pay 18.35 for shipping , they are trying to say this weighs 13 pounds give me a break
 I 've used this enclosure with several Seagate and Western Digital SATA2 drives , and it use to work well , but within about a year , it started having trouble initiating the drives . I may try re-flowing the solder to see if a bad connection from wear and tear on the connectors is at fault.I do n't believe this is limited to me , as a friend of mine bought the same enclosure slightly before me , and recommended it , only to have it die before mine . He reported similar behavior.I 'm giving a dock a try this time , since my usage was more towards multiple drives than leaving one in there.The light on the front can be a bit much , but they were nice enough to make it optional . Just unplug the LED dongle and it 's fine .
 unfortunately I could not give a 0 star rating.After waiting forever for this thing to finally be delivered I soldered it on screwed it back up and went to finally plug it in the port to find that it only goes about 3/4 of the way making it useless for the entire purpose intended.I thought this one may have been faulty but I ordered 2 so i tried to plug the second one in and sure enough it was the same thing.If you plan on buying this to replace a faulty headphone jack or any other similar component using 3.5 mm stereo connector save your self the trouble and chose another brand!All an all i 'm a very unsatisfied customer !
 not sure what size this headphone jack is but it is slightly larger than 3.5 mm as it does not fit in my computer or iPod jack . i confirm the previous reviewers review just wish i had seen it before buying .
 The Connector worked fine and soldered nicely but 1 plug the tip stayed inside my pc and its hard to get out and the connector broken . Buy the metal ones they 're better
 I purchased these as replacements for the foam covers that came with my Shure E2c . First of all , there is no way to tell which size you need , since there is nothing to tell you whether the original set was small , medium or large.Still , I thought if I compress the foam enough , any size will probably work.Guess again . The core of these foams , which fits over the plastic rod on the earbud , is too big . Regardless of how the foams fit in your ears , they will not stay attached to your earbud.The item is n't expensive enough to bother returning , and I suppose I 'll have to take a chance on the medium-sized replacement foams now . Very frustrating and very poor customer service on Shure 's part .
 A nice piece of hardware but that all.There is absolutely no functionality other than capturing the MPG file to the MAC.For those who are not aware mpg2 is virtually not supported on the Mac.The I-life suite offers no mpg editing nor does the Final cut express.For this hardware to claim to be for the Mac one would assume that it would export into I-Movie or offer some sort of mpg editing software.To be fair what it does it does well , but without even the most basic editing functions I had to return my unit . And certainly would warn others off .
 This dongle does n't work with Vista . Included CD has driver version 1.4 . Current version is 6.x . The driver costs $ 30 now to buy . The trial ver workedfine but , only 2MB of data-about 1 min of Skype talk time.This got 2-stars -LRB- not 1 -RRB- because it is what you expect for $ 3 ; a way tolearn a lesson and learn a little about Bluetooth .
 No matter how hard I tried , the drivers -LRB- included on a minidisc -RRB- would not install . So , the product is worthless for me . I know my way around Windows pretty well , but this just stumped me .
 The product does not work with Vista . Asked for a driver from SYBA tech support and they told me they do n't have one for Vista .
 Recently bought this item , the volume is poor and would n't workwhen I used it in the car , just 4-5 minutes into playing the DVDit would stop running , I 've tried different DVD 's , and the samething happens every time , it just stops playing even if the battery is fully charged , so I decided to return it .
 I recently bought this player and suffice it to say I am returning it after 1 use . The player skips and then shuts off on slight bumps or movements . The sound quality is poor as well . We maxed out the volume and it was barely audible .
 Nowhere in the description did it mention that this was refurbished . When the box arrived , `` refurbished '' was stamped on the box .
 I purchased the Samsung DVD-L75 at Best Buy , along with a 2 year extended warranty -LRB- always a good idea with portable DVD players . -RRB- We purchased it for use on long car trips and the first time we used it , the player stopped and restarted itself from the beginning of the movie . My children complained after the 2nd or 3rd time it did this but I assumed it was due to my son jostling it or even from it getting overheated since he held it on his lap . A month later on our next car trip , it did it again . This time we tested it on a stable surface at home and it did it again . I took it back to Best Buy and they sent it off to be serviced -LRB- it was after the 30 day return period -RRB- , but of course found nothing wrong with it after having it for 4 weeks . We took it out to the parking lot to test it and 5 minutes into the movie , it stopped and restarted itself . I took it back into the store and since they did n't actually see it happen , they refused to do anything about it . I will try again tomorrow to take it back and get some sort of resolution but my advice is DO NOT BUY THIS DVD PLAYER ! I wish I had read these reviews first.We just bought a cheapie Target brand DVD player -LRB- TruTech -RRB- and it works great - it may not look as cool or have the brand name but hey , it works and that 's what counts ! At the price of the TruTech -LRB- $ 99 -RRB- , we can buy two for the same price as the Samsung . And Target has a 90 day return policy -LRB- keep original packaging -RRB- which is far better than Best Buy 's 30 day policy.Moral of the story - I am through with Samsung and with Best Buy .
 I bought the newer DVD-L75 at Best Buy for use on airplanes -LRB- I travel a lot -RRB- . I took it with me on a trip to Kansas City but could hardly ear the audio when in flight , even through my amplified , noise-cancelling headphones . With the volume control turned all the way up , the sound level through headphones is acceptable in a quiet room , but not in a moving car or airplane.Even in a crowded airport terminal the sound is too low to hear and understand voices reliably . I tried several different headphones , all had similar results.The picture quality is great , even though no contrast or brightness controls are provided , and I 'd keep the player if only I could hear it ! Samsung really missed the boat on this product -- it 's simply unacceptable for use while traveling .
 Works fine on a stable , non moving surface . In the car it stops unpredictably . Very , very unsatisfied with the product . I would not recommend this . Told that this can not be fixed .
 These comments refer to the L75 , which is similar to the L70 . I bought the L75 from another retailer because of a good rebate and long battery time . The next day I returned it and purchased a Toshiba SD-P1600 , of which I like very much.As many reviewers have said , the worst part of this player is the low volume with both the speakers and headphones . I did n't care much about the speakers , but the volume with the headphones is still much too low to overcome ambient noise such as in an airplane . In my quiet house , with the volume up all the way , it was about the right volume with the headphones . But not nearly enough for locations with background noise . Although I generally like Samsung products , I 'm truly amazed this one ever reached production due to the volume issue.The player felt cheaply made and fragile . After pressing the stop button several times it did n't always work unless I pressed it just right . The remote was a cheap credit card style.There is no video input , so you ca n't connect a camera or videocamera to the player . Most players will do both in and out.There is no dolby or dtx passthrough , which means if you connect this player to your home theater , your audio will suffer with 2 channel low grade audio.The picture quality was good . The big draw with this player is the advertised 4 + hours of battery time . I did n't test the battery time so I do n't know if it lives up to the spec . Some have said the player skips easily , but when I bumped it side to side or up and down I did n't notice any skipping . I did n't bother testing it in a car.If you 're looking for a portable DVD player , look at the the Toshiba unit I mentioned earlier . It has the features that I mentioned above that the Samsung did n't have , and it 's well built . Its battery time is about 3 hours . Picture quality is very good . With the very same DVD and headphones , I lowered the volume about 25 % from maximum to hear it well . This level corresponded to maximum volume with the Samsung .
 This is our second portable DVD player . We purchased a `` cheap '' one first and had problems you 'd expect from a cheap one so we then exchanged it for this model on the salesperson 's suggestion.At first all seemed great , but as we used it for the second and third times , issues others have mentioned - the audio is very poor and if it even gets slightly jarred the playback stops - started manifesting themselves.Not only that , but the laser is so sensitive that if there is even the smallest scratch on the disc , the whole thing locks up and you have to power down and try to find your scene again.We bought this machine to enterain my son on car trips and it has completely and utterly failed us in this objective . If we ca n't play any of his DVDs because even if the DVD is completely free of even the tiniest scratch , and we were able to have a completely smooth car ride , and even then , if it ca n't then be heard , what 's the use of it ? It 's an expensive door stop .
 I bought this unit specifically to use on airplanes as I travel a lot . I agree with what everyone else says . Volume -LRB- even with headphones -RRB- is not audible . Also the machine shut off after about an hour . I am very disappointed with this product and am returning it . Display is clear and unit is quiet but virtually useless anyplace there is noise .
 Taking the product out of the box is the best feature of this item . It looks sleek and really very nice . playing a DVD is a whole other story . The battery did not even last for an entire movie . The screen was hazy and bacame difficult to look at after a few minutes . BEWARE !
 Positives
 I bought the Samsung L70 player from Fry 's , I think it was about $ 180 , much pricier than other 7 '' players at the time . But ... the clerk talked us into it , claiming that the resolution was better than others . I now have a feeling that he just wanted a higher commission.It worked a few times , then kept resetting when moved . I agree with the other review titled `` Portable unless you move it '' -- essentially that 's the truth . By the time I went back to Fry 's it was outside of the exchange period ; I called Samsung , but neglected to ship it back before the warranty expired . Did I already mention that the player was gently used a few times -LRB- maybe 4 ? -RRB- . I guess I should have learned my lesson the previous year , when a Samsung 8mm video camera broke after three months . No more Samsung products for my family .
 I placed the order for Samsung Dvd-L70 in Amazon.com with Tigerdirect.com . At the time of placing order it was not mentioned as refurbished and even the product is not even detecting the disc . At last I returned the product .
 I purchased the DVD-L75 from BestBuy to entertain my young children on long automobile and airplane trips . But from the moment I first powered it up , I noticed a major flaw
 Buyer Beware ! This portable DVD player was purchased as a present with the purpose of using it while flying on long trips , unfortunately you can not hear it even with good headphones over the plane noise . I took it to Best Buy today to see if there is something wrong with the unit . The salesman in the tv/dvd department was not surprised by my complaint . He said the Samsungs have a low audio output compared to other models . He suggested I ask the Geek Squad in the front of the store to get their opinion . The person I spoke with was very helpful and said this appears to be a problem with the Samsung portable DVD players from information he had found on the internet . I ended up buying a booster for $ 34.00 . When I got home , I called Samsung and that was a waste of time . Samsung tried to tell me all the manufacturers are having this problem with the portable DVD players and basically they do not care and will do nothing to insure customer satisfaction . I asked him if Samsung would reimburse me the $ 34.00 I spent on a booster since their system 's sound is inadequate . I was told not to waste my time . So much for customer service . I will never purchase a Samsung product ever again and advise other consumers to do the same .
 Sound output is terrible , you ca n't hear it in a car or airplane -LRB- with high quality , noise cancelling earphones -RRB- . When I called customer service they told me it was not intended for use in a car or airplane . Picture is very good , but I have heard better sound from much cheaper players . Do n't waste your money .
 This charger did not fit my camera , even though it is included in the slew of camera codes listed . My camera is Panasonic DMC-TZ5 and it does n't even come close to fitting . I am going to try to get refund . Wish me luck with that attempt ...
 I ordered this and it did n't work at all . It was even more disappointing because I ordered it rush delivery so I 'd have it for a trip , only to not have it work and leave me no time to search for a new charger . The only positive point is that it was inexpensive , so I 'm not out that much for a worthless hunk of plastic .
 I purchased these CERTRON -LRB- NOT Maxwell -RRB- micro cassettes because no one seems to have any Maxwell brand micro cassettes in stock these days . This Certron brand is supposed to be comparable but they are not . They are absolutely terrible . As an Administrator who does a lot of transcribing , these tapes are less than adequate for my purposes . They do not last more than a week or two . You can not use them over & over like other micro cassettes used for dictation . The tape becomes muted , choppy and/or the ribbon gets tangled up within the cassette.I will not be purchasing these again .
 The first two tapes we tried became detached from the spool and could n't be rewound or played back ... we are returning this item .
 Ordered 3 sets of 9 NEW microcassets . They arrived with a rubberband around 9 loose tapes and the other 18 were loose -LRB- their rubber bands had come off -RRB- in a bubble envelope with a rip big enough for them to fall out . Not to mention that 4 tapes had come out of the plastic case and the cases had to be put back together . To advertise as new with a picture showing them in a manufacturers package seems a little deceiving .
 I purchase this product for my Sony TRV33 handycam camcorder , yes the tiny and lower weight video camera in the market , and guess what happens ? I use the bag as its name says `` WAIST PACK '' but it took only four times of use and the waist straps get rid of the main body of the bag . YES this is not a waist pack , it 's a WASTE PACK . So dont buy it , unless you want to use on your shoulder .
 It arrived in a timely matter but was nothing like the photo or discription . I was extremely disappointed and would hesitate ever buying from then again .
 who would want to get poop stains on their ipod ? this just turns your ipod into a germ transporter .
 This is for old iPods , it does n't fit the new ones .
 If you dont use this battery often , it will be junk in about 10-12 months . Charge last half as long as OEM . Unfortunately we use ours on holiday or trips so it might go 3-6 months without use . You can put it away fully charged only to pull it out 2 months later with 10 minutes or less left till dead . For the price its OK as long as you know this . Its just 1 more thing to put on your maintenance list if you want to get some life out of it .
 I brought this product and it worked only for 2 or 3 times . Now with full recharge , it can not hold charge only for 10 mins or so . I can not really use my camcorder with just 10 mins of battery . It 's a waste of money . Thinking to buy a new battery again but this time probabely from a different place .
 I suppose the batteries do develop a memory . I used the batteries for about three months and suddenly found I had to charge them every single time I wanted to use the camera . There are better aftermarket units available . Do the research .
 Purchase was made for the picture showed below -LRB- Battery -RRB- . However , camcorder hand-bag was sent . I need to cancel my order and need my money back .
 This product is really good for the first week , then boom , no more , i loose the image , and guess what ? they 're stupid site is down and i cant find any site to explain me whats going on with my DVD Koss KS3161 , if u wana save money , just dont buy this -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I purchased a Koss KS2503 and it lasted about a year . It is a lemon and the company appears to be out of business . There is an electrical problem with this home theater system . I do not understand how this product has not been recalled by the consumer product safety commission . I called customer support and I was told that Koss is going through changes and they could not help me . The only customer service and company number available for Koss Electronics no longer helps its customers . I do n't know why there has n't been a recall . Please stay away from Koss products .
 This cheap imitation of an HP power supply functions just fine . Just do n't try to watch TV using an indoor antenna within 50 ' of it while it 's plugged in . The adapter is apparently not properly shielded & puts out impressive amounts of RF interference . It does n't have a right angle plug like the picture shows , either . Spend the extra money & get a real HP .
 This `` boom box '' player for iPODs has the worst sound imaginable ! Two tin cans with a string attached has higher fidelity . The iPOD doc is flimsy and has no adapter to make the smaller ones not flop around while docked with it . Dont ' waste your money on this item . We 'll be attempting to dump it on someone else at our next garage sale , but I doubt anyone will spend a buck for it !
 I too am experiencing the problems of the original post . I purchased the 48x TDK 50 disc spindle . I was sent a 52x 50-pack spindle . So far , no matter the speed about 5 of 25 have successfully burned . Using Nero . I use the much less lauded Verbatims I have that are over two years old , no problems . I do not know what to make of it . Previous to this purchase , I had nothing but glowing reviews for TDK CD-R media .
 Burned Probley thousands of cds . all brands never have a problem . surprisingly enough this pack of tdk has had about 50 junk disk out of 100 so far . Never had problem with TDK Before .
 Has anyone else experienced the following ?
 I have about 200 live concerts that I burned onto TDK discs about 3 years ago . None of them are playable now . Going forward , I will only use Mitsui Gold cds .
 Blank CD-R companies always seem to be a hit or miss . Some have good durabilty , and some have good burning , some -LRB- only a few -RRB- have both , and some -LRB- once again only a few -RRB- neither . TDK is the company that has good durability of their CD-Rs , but almost half are errors.The packaging states `` 48x '' , so I burned at 48x on a Buslink drive -LRB- 52x24x52 -RRB- . It choked , and took 10 minutes for Nero to say `` Burn error had failed at 48x '' . So , I went lower at 32x . Same thing . Then I went to 24x and the thing finally worked . If a package says `` 48x '' , I 'm expecting 48x , not 24x . Even at times 24x would choke and not burn correctly.Yes , I do have a few TDK CD-Rs that are 2-3 years old and look almost new compared to the 2-3 month old Sony , but with all these errors , will I ever get to experience that ? Try looking at Maxell , Philips , and Samsung .
 I have been very disappointed with this product . I have burned CD 's for years with great success but have found that this CD is causing imperfection after imperfection . I give it 2 stars for its reasonable price and because they do n't all generate problems -LRB- about 25-30 % -RRB- .
 This product was recommended to me to be purchase with my Hitachi camrecorder , but it does n't fit the product . Not please at all .
 I needed a small form factor Null Modem and a Gender Changer , this item promised to be be both in one package . Upon installation in my setup -LRB- GPS to position enabled radio -RRB- the GPS unit was not communicating with the radio . Checking the GPS , I found it to be functioning fine , checking the cables , I found them to be working . I then checked the individual pin-outs on this device and found all pins to be a straight through . 1 - > 1 , 2 - > 2 , 3 - > 3 , etc. . This is NOT a null modem but it makes a fine gender changer if you happen to need one . If you need a Null Modem , buy something else .
 I needed a null modem , saw this , and was attracted to the small form-factor . Received the product , and it 's clearly labeled `` NULL MODEM '' . However , upon a failure to communicate between my two serial devices , I did some research and discovered that this adapter is wired straight through.It 's just a plain old gender changer , nothing more.This is a rip-off . *** DO NO ORDER ***
 DO NOT ORDER , This is not a null modem the picture and description says it is but they ship you a gender changer in a bag labeled null modem . Did n't take the time to read all the negative reviews before and I paid the price as now I have to return . Save your time and do n't order from Cablemass , Inc. . Hopefully amazon stops letting them sell on here
 It was offered in a package and is not compatible . This item was offered with the scanner and garmin as a package other people ordered .
 According to the Uniden web site a whole other cable assy is needed , and NOT this gender changer . The cable is not available on Amazon . I had to go to Uniden 's web site and order via Scanner Master
 These are NOT null modem adapters . The label says they are but they are wired as straight through gender changers.I wasted my time trying to figure out why I could n't connect to my GPS device because this was labeled wrong .
 BEWARE , MISLEADING !!! This is only a male to male adapter . It is NOT a Null Modem . Only and adapter . I bought this for my HP1 SCANNER and it required a Null modem for Gps hook up . I ended up buying a real Null Modem from Rsdio Shack for 4 bucks and that one works like a charm . The adapter I warn you about is now in the woods behind my house were it will stay till I refind it and pulverise it . This company should be more clear about there crappy useless item .
 This item is a mini gender changer ONLY . it is not cross wired to act as a null modem and does not function for that purpose . The distributor admits this fact , offered to refund my 13 cent purchase but has not removed the item for sale or modified the description , which makes me believe that this was advertised incorrectly on purpose to generate sales.Incidentally , the shipping on a 13 cent item is $ 2.98 .
 I should have read the reviews before I ordered.These are NOT null modem.They are wired straight through despite being labeled as NULL MODEM .
 It looks just like the old Crosleys but the sound quality is n't good and various features stopped working over the course of its first year . Maybe mine was a lemon ? I 'm not going to buy another to find out .
 This player stopped working after 4 months -LRB- one month over warranty -RRB- . The changer threw all the CD 's out and jammed the unit . The door would n't open . It was a total disaster .
 It was a shame that I had to return this player , I really liked it , but it had a glitch playing DVDs with seamless branching . The playback stuttered with 2 different copies of Terminator 2
 Unpacked this player , hooked it up , loaded a DVD , and immediately received a `` Disc Error '' message on the display . No matter what kind of disk I loaded , CD-R , music CD , DVD , got the same message . Also , the carousel would spin endlessly once I ejected the disks . Talked to Toshiba customer service , and they were of no help , just suggested I bring it in to an authorized service center . I 've found that to be their standard answer for everything , unfortunately.This is my second bad experience with a Toshiba DVD player . A single disk player I bought stopped working at 13 months -LRB- 1 month out of warranty -RRB- which is why I bought this one . I was going to chalk it up to an isolated case , but with the performance of this new one , I 'm thinking it is not that isolated . Will be buying another brand now .
 If you check the large picture the drive says 2.1 GB . Makes sense because I do n't think the bios supports 20 GB
 Totally worthless.The set screws will not stay in place , using 10 gauge or higher wire , I doubt they 'd even grip 12 gauge.For the record I 'm using this speaker wire : Pyramid RSW12100 12-Gauge 100-Foot Spool of High-Quality Speaker Zip WireThese banana plugs work fine : Sewell Silverback Banana Plugs , Dual Screw Lock , 6 Pair -LRB- 12 Pieces -RRB- Its just a poorly made product .
 Tired with an older Bose speaker system & could not make it work . Tiny tiny screws are very tough to deal with . If they hit the floor they are very hard to find . Not for me.Would not buy again . No knock on the seller ... just not a great product .
 Smaller components , such as the headphone jack , IEEE1394 jack , etc will fail on you and repairs will cost you hundreds of dollars . I purchased one of these cameras in august of 2009 only to have both the headphone jack and IEEE 1394 port fail - only days out of the one-year warranty expiration period.Do NOT buy this camera because for what your paying -LRB- an extremely expensive $ 3,000 + price tag -RRB- you would expect a much more quality product . ** These various ports and jacks failing are a known issue with these cameras . See the panasonic forums and other websites **
 I used the 15 '' 3 times when 1/4 of the pixels went out . I contacted the company to no avail . No help , no response , no resolution . I will never buy a Samsung product EVER again and will tell everyone I know . WORST CUSTOMER SERVICE - NO - NO CUSTOMER SERVICE !!! I had to give it one star . 0 was not an option .
 when I received this filter , it had tiny dust particles all over it and a small scratch that did not remove with a soft cloth . I did n't want to go through the hassle of returning it because I had a shoot the next week that I wanted to use it for . I was shooting a 30 second exposure and getting decent shots . When the light was low enough to maintain the 30 second exposure without this ND filter , I took it off and compared the difference . The difference was unbelievable . When I took the filter off , all of the sudden the saturation and clarity of my photos increased dramatically . I 'm now not sure if I need to find an even higher quality filter or just accept this low level of performance .
 The filter looks fine , except for the fact that the seller shipped a 0.6 OD -LRB- 2 stop -RRB- filter when i had ordered for a 0.9 -LRB- 3 stop -RRB- filter . I got it shipped to my temporary US address , and somebody carried it back to India for me . Saw it today and was shocked ! Guess there is no point in spending postage money to send back a $ 12 wrong item to the US . Will have to live with it . The seller was Digital Darkroom & Photography Inc -LRB- K&M Camera -RRB- . Be careful with the seller in the future . The packet says it is a 0.9 OD filter , while on the filter it says it is a 0.6 OD filter . I think you will agree that i should believe the filter reading . What a waste of time and money ! For the first time i have had such a bad experience at Amazon !
 I think I just had bad luck , but my filter arrived with very loose glass that rattled when you shook it . It was close to falling out so I had to return it . Sounds like this is not common from the other reviews , however .
 THEY SENT A UV FILTER AND PUT A ND 0.9 STICKER ON IT THAT 'S UNACCEPTABLE . I ca n't believe this I thought this was a professional program the package was clearly labeled &#34; UV FILTER &#34; there is NO DAMN EXCUSE !
 The product does not work the way it is mentioned . There is always a gray color on the image no matter what time of the day you shoot . Even at F36 , ISO100 in the evening , i wont get .5 seconds or more exposure time . So I do n't recommend this buying at all . If you are shooting a sun set at ocean , i was thinking red colors on the sun with blurry ocean waves . . to get that u need atleast .5 seconds and you wont get that with this filter .
 this product is not even worth a star , first it 's not a 9 stop like they said , it is a big huge lie . DO NOT BUY EVEN IF IT FOR $ 1
 This thing was a disaster ! It printed all of two pages before malfunctioning . First , it pulled two sheets of paper through , then it pulled about 10 sheets through , and now it keeps giving a message that the printer cartridge cradle ca n't move because of a paper jam or obstruction . The HP technician walked me through all the trouble-shooting steps before declaring it a hardware problem and offering me a new one at no cost -LRB- but he wanted my credit card number as security until I shipped the defective one back -RRB- . Uh , no . This thing is going back , back , back and I do NOT want another one . This was supposed to replace my problematic Epson ... MMMph . At least the Epson lasted for a few months before it broke . I just bought this one two days ago .
 I bought this printer 14 months ago and used it very little , less than 100 pages printed . Last week I got a `` paper jam '' message but there was no jam . When I turned the printer on and off it would feed the paper but then it would jam . I took it into Best Buy for repairs . The Geek Squad guy said they were getting a lot of these printers back for the false paper jam message . He said they would have to send it in for repairs , estimated cost of $ 60 - $ 100 . He indicated most people just trashed the printer then and bought new rather than throw good money bad . DO NOT BUY THIS PRINTER .
 Bought this printer in April . Probably printed 20 pages on it in 3 months since I have another printer hooked up . When it worked it printed great pictures . Ink cartridges ran run out too quickly though . In July it died . Got a `` paper jam '' error without any paper in it . Contacted HP service , which is overseas in Asia now . Mostly the rep read off what you can find on their web page . Most of the time I could n't understand him anyway . It wasted 1 hr until they agreed to send a remanufactured one to replace the broken printer . 10 days later , the replacement showed up . All was well until the next morning . The color cartridge has some kind of leaked and I needed to run the clean cycle a few time to get it to print in color every time the printer sat for more than 12 hrs . With how little ink is in the HP 95 , this was a problem . So I called them again this time I spoke to a supervisor . They sent another remanufactured printer . 10 days later is showed up . And guess what , it does n't work . The second replacement will not power up . This was after the supervisor said he would make sure QA double checked the printer before it went out ... . Currently I 'm working with a case manager -LRB- one step higher than a supervisor -RRB- , who is not very helpfully . It 's been three days and still no solution . I originally bought a C4150 , and they sent a c4180 . Seems like there are a lot of broken 4180s . If they send back a 4150 , I 'll return it and get my money back and buy a Canon . Its too bad , my old HP printer is 7 yrs old and working great . I wanted an all in one to clear up some space . .
 I 've had this printer for two years . It generally works.It prints black and white . It prints color on full sheets.The scanner usually works , though it can be quirky.One of the reasons I bought it was to print standard 4x6photos . It has a cassette for this purpose . But I couldnever get it to work . HP tech support could n't solve it.They even implied that this is a troublesome feature.Looking around the Web shows that I 'm not the only onewho ca n't print 4x6 . So I have to print 4x6 photos on 8 1/2 x ll sheets andcut them out . It is hard to understand why a companylike HP would release such a mediocre product , why ithas not been tested.I have two of their laser printers and the reliabilityof those influenced me into buying the C4150 and an HPlaptop . Luckily the laptop has run well for two years.But HP 's reputation has suffered with the inkjet experience .
 I agree with the previous reviews . Mine started giving the paper jam message . Checked it completely and no paper jam . It is now on a perpetual paper jam . It wo n't even power off . I wo n't bother to contact HP . I consider this a loss and will probably not buy another HP .
 This printer is horrible I have owned and worked on several printers over the last few years , this is by far the worse one , it is completely useless . Even the ink was poor quality that came with it . I would not recommend this printer to anyone .
 My HP C4150 has had repeated problems since I bought it . Though the printing is fine , the scanner rarely works correctly and the quality is poor . Do yourself a favor and do n't buy HP . This is the second All-in-One HP product I 've had and the first was n't much better .
 I purchased this HP all-in-one , based on my prior good experiences with HP products . It was purchased for my Daughther 's computer so she could print her high school papers . I have owned three HP Printers -LRB- an old Deskjet 512 tank - boy do I miss it , a reliable Deskjet 720 and now a Deskjet 6840 -RRB- and thought I would introduce my daughter to HP products.Unfortunately , after a few months the C4150 showed a false paper jam in its display just like others here have described . Apparently HP personnel cost reduced the unit to a point it resembles a disposable lighter more than a printer . Just like the lighter it did not work for very long and -LRB- due to the jam -RRB- we can not refill it . Time to throw it away and go elsewhere.HP you can kiss your ink sales goodbye ; maybe you should take to making lighters instead.If you feel you must purchase this printer I would like to give you some friendly advice , take half the money you would spend on the C4150 and put it into you pocket . Take the other half of the money and throw it down a sewer , this way you can only be accused of throwing half your money down a sewer rather than all of it if you buy the C4150.I understand others who have consulted HP under warranty were eventually offered a refurbished unit to replace the broken one . Heck , they could not get it right when it was new what makes them think they can get it right with a refurbished unit.HP has lost me as a customer and by association my three kids and the rest of my family who consults me for their computer needs -LRB- goodbye inks sales HP !!! -RRB- . And to think they had the gall to put the word `` Smart '' in the product name !
 The seller packaged the product poorly and it arrived damaged . He is now saying that in order to get my money back , I need to return the product to him , undamaged . This person is living in a fantasy world and I recommend that no one ever do business with him . He refuses to accept his responsibilty in packaging it badly , even though I sent him photos of how it was as I opened the box . Do not buy anything from this person !
 Yes , there are multiple versions of this camera out there . This seems to be a huge problem . The one I purchased does not take stills , does not have the built in LED flash , or the 2gb on board flash memory as described on the web site I purchased it from . This is false advertisement . Buyer beware . As far as how the camcorder operates , read the other threads . I only gave it one star because of false advertisement .
 This camera could be great , small , compact , SD based , has a funky little adapter for weird shots and fun . But for some reason Samsung chose to make the files you record tagged with `` SEDG '' . No I do not know what that means , other than the fact that if you have a mac you 'll do nothing but crash every single video viewing application you can get your hands on . Im in the film field and fairly quick with technology , I 've downloaded and researched for about a week since I got it . You wo n't be able to watch one frame of what you 've shot , let alone edit it . If you have a PC maybe it works , but as of today , July 07 , this product is completely Mac unfriendly . Stay away .
 The card reader comes in retail packaging and totally lacks instructions on how best to put 68 types of cards into 4 slots . It did read an SD card successfully . The micro usb plug on the usb cord broke after 1 use .
 I can get it to read SD cards , but I bought it to read my CF 's and it wo n't read a single one . My experience is in line with others . Go check out similar reviews on newegg.com .
 The pins in the CF slot are very flimsy and get bent out of alignment easily , making it impossible to insert the card -LRB- until you perform delicate surgery on the pins with small tweezers -RRB- . Do not buy this product if you will ever use the CompactFlash slot . It will just lead to frustration .
 Unfortunately , this card reader was dead on arrival and I had to send it back for a refund.I originally bought it to replace my existing Dazzle card reader when I graduated to SDHC cards . When this one showed up dead , I gave up and bought a Sony multi-card reader locally . It is golden.My Sabrent was just a dud , I guess , but in the end I 'm happy with the Sony reader.BTW - I saw the exact same reader as the Sabrent labeled with at least 3 different brand names at Fry 's Electronics , so a lot of people market the same hardware under different names .
 I got this shower cd player as a gift . I took great care of it , even took it out of the shower when i wasnt in it so that my little sister couldnt break it . it makes loud noises like `` boom boom boom '' it has really ... reception , and the cd player doesnt work . i checke the battries , that wasnt it . now the person who got me the gift is sending it back , but i dont want another one . i feel that if you 're goig to buy a $ 100 present , it shouldnt be this shower cd player
 I love to sing in the shower , so my grandparents decided that this would make a good Hanukkah gift for me . Unfortunately , I can only use it once or twice before I have to change the batteries . When you first put in batteries , both the CD player and radio work great . But then , after a shower or two , the radio will play about 30 seconds of a song before decaying into an annoyingly loud `` boom boom boom '' noise . The CD player will either skip or not start at all . The only remedy I 've found to this problem is changing the batteries , which are still practically at full power . Now , I must say that I `` abuse '' this device ... I use it daily , leave it in the shower , and probably expose it to numerous cleaning chemicals , but from reading the other reviews I have determined that my problems might not stem only from this behavior . Bottom line
 I just got one of these on sale . The clock died 1 day after it was placed in the shower . The radio itself works fine . Next time I am going to try and get a digital tuner .
 Bought this player used it twice and now it does n't work . I took great care of it . Every time I put a CD in it it reads no disc . It 's not the batteries . Wish I would have saved the receipt so I could send this hunk of junk back .
 Had this nowhere near direct water , but steam seems to have ruined it just fine . Lasted a few months before dying . Not very water tight at all .
 Unfortunately , being very familiar with serial interfaces , I did not read the reviews of this item . I knew I needed a null modem adapter , Female to Male and I saw this part and ordered without seeing the poor reviews.After moving a test installation -LRB- with a null modem cable with the correct pinout -RRB- to a direct connection with this adapter , I found that nothing worked . Because there were multiple changes from the test environment to the production -LRB- as usual -RRB- I spent time trying to troubleshoot other more complicated possible troubles , rather than thinking , `` Hey , this part is completely wrong ! . '' Null modem adapters and cables have been around since the dawn of the serial port and are a simple item.I confirmed that every adapter I ordered is incorrect . I even went so far as to tear apart -LRB- ie
 waited a week to get my test set running and spent hours troubleshooting until i found that this `` null modem '' is NOT a null modem but a straight through . i then came to the site to leave a review and saw that there are two other complaints about this ... AMAZON are you going to do anything about this ? the vendor must assume that most people , like me , wont bother shipping back a part that only cost $ 3 . not good for Amazon 's business though .
 I needed a null modem adaptor to configure my switches and got excited that I could finally do my job when this came in the mail . But after my laptop would n't recognize the switch I realized the adaptor had the wrong pin out
 I received my mini null modem adapter only to find an impostor in its place . What I received was labeled as `` mini null modem adapter '' but was nothing more than a straight though plug . And unlike in the picture mine had pin 9 intact .
 The item I received was marked as a Null Modem , However the item I received was a simple male to female adapter .
 This is a good sounding system for the price , however it is very unreliable . The first system I got had a problem reading DVD 's , I returned it to Target and exchanged it for another one . The base amplifier then started making noise . It is the fan in the amplifier at the base of the unit . Philips offered to fix it , but wo n't pay for shipping , which is roughly half of what the unit costs , so I lived with it . Now after owning it a year and a half the DVD player is acting up just as the first one did . It will spin a DVD and not recognize it , but it will play CD 's . I do n't think I 'll be buying anymore Philips products . This is obviously an internal problem because it sounds like others have had this problem and there was no recall or notification to anyone .
 The system worked well for about a year but then developed an annoying noise from the cooling fan in the amplifier unit , similar to what other reviewers have described . The noise became progressively worse until the entire amp failed several months later . Of course , it 's a fully integrated system , so nothing can be repaired or salvaged .
 It may look good , but this system is a waste of money . I 've had 2 of these systems and had problems with both . The first system lasted 6 weeks before the dvd player started malfunctioning . I exchanged it for a replancement . Alas , the second system lasted 7 months before it started making an amazingly loud grinding noise in the base unit -LRB- NOT the dvd player -RRB- . Unfortunately my only recourse now is to send it back to Philips who 1 -RRB- wo n't pay the shipping 2 -RRB- can not guaratee that I will get a new product in return 3 -RRB- will not extend the warranty on the 3rd replacement unit . Purchase at your own risk .
 Sounded great , half price for a stronger battery - and I wanted one for those long days away from a charger . But , this one is decidedly subpar . Alas .
 I bought this but although this claims to be 1000mAH , so far , it doesnot even last as long as the original 750mAh , also after a few weeks , even I left in the original charger , it wont last longer than 1 hour when I use my camera , avoid this item !
 This cable produces a very poor quality picture . I verified the cable quality by swapping with another brand . This cable produced a picture that was fuzzy . The other brand produced a crisp picture .
 This laptop case is big enough for my computer and projector but after only 9 months it looks atrocious . The handles are coming apart and the slightest abrasion and it gets all `` furry '' with threads . Cheaply made and I paid way too much for it .
 The product information should indicate that this is a DVI-I adapter . It is not compatible with Apple 's mini displayport to DVI adapter . Very annoying having to buy another adapter !
 This is for a PowerMac G5 , or so the label says . I have n't tried this on older G4 computers so I do n't know if this really needs a driver that 's built in a G5 or something.I got this for the heck of checking what it can do for me . Nothing really .1 . First of you have to know that this adapter connects to the DVI port , not the old ADC port . What this means is that the Aluminum displays for the G5 model use DVI . This being the case , then you have a problem right there to fight over the port . Unless you have the high-end optional nVidia GT card with dual-DVI port , then the stock ATI 9600/9800 cards come with one DVI and one ADC . So I would think people with G5 have or are thinking of upgrading to the Aluminum display then you will be needing an ADC to DVI converter to hold the monitor and TV at the same time . That makes using the two `` monitors '' with respective adaptors . Why ?! Unless Apple envisioned phasing out the ADC port soon , it makes no sense . And if they did envision to phase out the ADC then why release cards with the G5 that still have an ADC port if the new monitors use DVI and this adapter also uses DVI . Are they trying to make money selling adapters ? 2 . I have n't seen a perfect computer to TV interface from major video card manufacturers the same way Matrox has perfected it . What Matrox has done for dual monitors with one using a TV is that it automatically routes the video signal to the TV . If it detects your playing a movie file , it just brings it out to the TV as a full screen . No need to drag your windows into that screen and then making it into full screen . This adapter and the software interface does n't do it . It just makes your TV into another monitor with extremely low resolution , naturally . The point of adding a TV as a monitor is to obviously put make multimedia viewing experience more enjoyable and hassle-free . If you play a QuickTime file or a DVD movie in your computer , you would want it to be played on your TV . Nope , not here . You will have to drag it then make it full screen.But it does n't stop there . Try opening another application and that full screen on the TV monitors automatically switches back into one within a window . Very stupid and annoying . So I believe they should follow the footsteps of Matrox and create a custom software that will allow to do just that . Put a check box if you want your video automatically output on the TV , on a window , in the first monitor , second monitor , etc. 3 . The above suggestion actually works with Final Cut Pro application . But if you 're a video editor , you really wont even need this . You see once you connect your TV via this adapter then you can route your TV as your monitor which is good to check the actual picture quality on a TV screen . It is a cheap solution . However , if you are editing on Final Cut Pro then it would be natural that you have either a video editing card that can output to a TV/monitor while keeping your dual computer monitor active for editing . Or , you have a camcorder with FireWire output or some other similar solution that you can use to route from the computer to camcorder to TV . Using FireWire is actually a better solution that this adapter because it DOES NOT allocate video card memory to the TV via the adapter . By using the adapter to connect to the TV you are eating up video memory between the computer monitor and the TV . So if you have 128MB memory then 64MB goes to each . This slows down the video information and will be evident if you are using big computer screens . By using FireWire the video card does not interfere and allocates full memory to your computer monitor .4 . The OS is n't even perfect with interfacing to the adapter . You connect the adapter and you 'll need to constantly restart the computer whenever you connect/disconnect it . Simply putting the computer to sleep and waking it wo n't work . Your video card still thinks the TV is connected despite having no TV nor adapter -LRB- after waking from sleep -RRB- . Shut down the computer , remove the adapter then start to make sure all video card memory is allocated back to your computer monitor.So unless you have a high end video card that can afford to split the memory and an interface that automatically routes the video signal to your TV , this is pretty useless . It 's just for fun to prove that you can output part of your screen to your TV with hassle and all . Skip until they improve the software .
 Pros : - the ear hangers were exceptionally comfortable , noticed even more during rigorious workouts . Always bounced back with no problems and minimal adjustment if any - the silcone ear caps oppose to the foam cover , very good for those sweaty workouts . Fit in ear was OK , but it not meant to be an ` inner ear ' fit either - custom fit of ear hangers to ear piece and swing out motion . Could swing ear piece out of ear w/o having to remove ear hanger all together - the cord was a very decent length and I loved the braided cloth coating oppose to the thin plastic normally found . - elbow connection to listening device . The elbow seemed to cause minimal strain on what is usually a weak point on most headsets . - slider on cord to keep ear hangers from getting tangled . - travel pouch is the best I ever got with a headset . - very durable , well madeCons : - Sound quality is really , really poor . Even when playing with the equalizer on the MP3 player sound quality was poor . - emission of sound was also poor , I would have to turn my MP3 up to max volume to hear in most outdoor or traveling situations even then I would sometimes have problems hearing the music - when I bought these I was in desperate situation , so I could not research . After researching I found the above 2 items to be a major complaint . - When these did crap out and I bought another brand I definitely knew the problem was with this headset as I have none of these problems with the new headset and I 've only had the new ones for 2 days now - what a BIG difference . New set is only $ 10 more in price too . - volume controller is extremely sensitive . Essentially useless except for those occasions when you need to mute the sound quickly to hear something , like when a tourist asks for directions or the train conductor is making an announcment . The slider very easily moves , so rubbing against it causing the music to cut out.These lasted a very long time for me - about a year . I take public transportation to and from work > 17.5 to 20.5 hours per week and I workout 1-1 .5 hrs per day , approx 6 days a week , so my headphones get used and abused.What caused this set to die ? The wire in the cord became weak . Left ear sound died except if I held the cord just so where the cord meets the top of the volume controller . Soon after the right ear sound started to come in and out . Obviously very common problem , just usually happens where the cord plugs into listening device.I really did like this set , but the poor sound quality and poor emission of sound were enough so that I will not buy another pair or recommend to anyone . I already love my new pair better and does n't have nearly as many pro features as this one does . If Altec Lansing ever improves the sound quality and emission I would definitely buy again .
 I bought these as a replacement headset for my cellphone . Sound is very low and is only heard through one earphone . The headset has a special adaptor stero plug to connect to a cellphone which seems to be the problem . Otherwise , the regular miniplug works fine when plugged into an MP3 player and sound is heard from both earphones.I sent the unit back to Altec Lansing and explained the problem . After a month , I received a new headset . But the new one has the same problem - I can only hear out of 1 earphone when using the cell phone adaptor plug . Very frustrated as I purchased these to use on my cellphone . I should have just returned them to -LSB- ... -RSB- . Now it may be too long a time ?
 You have this camera case listed under accessories for the Panasonic DMC FA20PP Lumix Camera . The camera does not come close to fitting in this case . The camera is 1 1/2 inches wider than the case .
 The manufacturer apparently states this case is compatible with the Panasonic FZ1 -LRB- and by extension the FZ3 which has an identical body -RRB- . I bought it and can report that it is not compatible with the FZ1 . With just the lens cap on you have to jam it into the bag sideways and then wrestle with the camera to get it back out . If you prefer to use the camera with the lens hood adapter on the camera ca n't fit in the bag at all . There 's also no padding to speak of with this case . By comparison my Lowe case for my Canon EOS Elan provides a secure , padded repository and you can put the camera in lens down with the strap on top so the camera can easily be withdrawn again.Targus makes decent laptop cases , but they have a great deal to learn about camera cases apparently.Apparently it does fit some cameras , just not the Panasonic FZs.Considering the product is made in China one should be able to expect a bit more at this price .
 targus says it is compatible with nikon coolpix 5700 , but it is not - case much smaller than the camera
 Item is not suitable for Fuji S5000 - camera will not fit into case
 Sony DSC-F717 does NOT fit . Can not comment on the other aspects of this item as it is going back to Amazon ASAP .
 ... The mouse itself is a big button and there is only one mouse . I love Apple and I am a apple user since many years , this this is weak . When will apple learn that you can work better with 2 buttons and a scrollwheel ? I guess , never . Otherwise the mouse is normal optical mouse standard . I can only recomment to buy this one if you have a complete apple system and do n't want to ruin the good overall looks . Careful
 Click noise is ridiculously loud . Steve Jobs clearly had nothing to do with approving this design . Ca n't believe Apple actually made something this annoying to use .
 This mouse can only click and does not have any ability to scroll so be aware of this when you purchase them . It is cheap for this reason I am sure . thanks
 Apple 's new optical mouse is gorgeous to look at , but for day-to-day use there are better options.First of all , this mouse has a short cord . Unless you have a USB hub sitting right on your desktop , you MUST plug this mouse into a USB port on your keyboard because the cord is n't really long enough to be plugged in anywhere else . If you have an unusual desktop arrangement -- for example , if you are using a lousy dorm room desk whose keyboard tray has no room for a mouse -- it is extremely awkward to use this mouse.The one button was n't really a problem , even though I am a former Windows user who is used to clicking the right mouse button . OS X and well-designed applications can be used comfortably without that second button ; if you need a context menu , you can either click-and-hold or hold down the Control key while clicking.The way in which the one button is implemented , however , is more problematic . While the `` no button '' design is visually appealing , I find that I sometimes click the mouse button if I rest my hand on the mouse the wrong way . Unlike the Apple Optical Pro Mouse , however , this one does not have a sensitivity dial on the underside that can be used to make mouse clicks stiffer.The shape of this mouse also bothered me after several weeks of regular use . In comparison to most desktop mice , the Apple Mouse is fairly flat in the back . When I use this mouse , I find that my palm is usually cupping empty air . Using it this way for a short while is n't much of a problem , but after continuous use it begins to make my palm ache . It is also more difficult to pick up and move because of its flat shape.I did n't have any problems with the mouse 's optical tracking . I do not play computer games or do anything else that requires lightning-fast mouse movements , so I ca n't really comment on its responsiveness in that respect.I might consider buying another Apple mouse if they made a more ergonomically shaped model and lengthened the cord , but for now I 'm sticking with my Logitech optical scroll mouse.If you do like the appearance of this mouse , I recommend getting a used Apple Pro Mouse instead . It looks similar to this mouse , but the bottom also has a dial for adjusting the button sensitivity ; it also comes in a semi-translucent smoky-colored plastic for those who do n't have white Macs or peripherals .
 I am an Apple fan who recommends most of their products to friends and family , but I think they put way too much emphasis on the ascetics for this gorgeous piece of crap.PROS : Totally mod , Innovative , Vogue , Trendsetting , Flashy , Elegant , Sophisticated , Suave.If it were a car , it would be incredibly aerodynamic!CONS : The no-button-pivot-point is easy to accidentally click , especially if you have something on your desk that you might bump it into , e.g. eMac , because bumping even the side of the mouse will click it . It 's basically one big clumpy button . No right click button is a step backwards . Having to click while holding control should not be necessary , and I get a little sad every time I have to do it . Is this 80 's ?! Everyone has been dragging something , when their mouse is nearing an object -LRB- emac , keyboard , ect -RRB- on their desk , well , in the less cool , non-innovative days you could simply hold down your left click button , pick up your mouse , and continue dragging , not losing your spot . This problem is probably pops up the most while using Photoshop and you 're lassoing something and are running out of actual desk space with your mouse and you have to re lasso , which is why you decide to write a review on Amazon . With the new super shiny Apple mouse , there is no button to hold down , you have to squeeze the sides and try to make it THINK that it is still on your desk . And I 'm pretty sure it CAN think , seeing as it 's so cutting edge.This sure was therapeutic!You would be better off buying a USB optical mouse with a left and right click , even though you wo n't be able to hang with the in-crowd .
 They never described it as a mouse without a right or left click or the center slide.Useless for me .
 There 's nothing `` wrong '' with this product , but I do n't like it . I bought it because it stated it is narrow enough to use on planes or buses . The truth is , it 's not . It 's also pretty heavy and I had bought it because I have a bad neck and need something I can roll behind me instead of carrying it . I 've gone back to a carrying bag rather than use this one .
 This rolling bag is the perfect size for the traveling professional . However , the quality is poor . After only one business trip , a rivet holding the wheel assembly to the bag broke . The bag was not over-loaded ; I merely had my laptop and a few folders inside for the trip . I quickly returned the unit to Amazon which they processed quickly and accurately . I purchased a Samsonite rolling laptop bag that is working great .
 My camera only takes a picture when it is hooked up to the computer to charge . Having trouble turning it on after it is charged .
 I purchased this item from Amazon/J . R. Music last November 2002 when it cost $ 100 more than now . With minimal and careful use , the unit stopped working this September . Warranty was for parts and labor to six months and parts up to a year . Trusting the JVC name and my great relationship with Amazon , I had no hesitations in purchasing this item at full price . However , less than a year and it reads `` no disc '' when inserting the disc . After a tedious investigation on how to have the unit replaced or repaired I found out that I would have to mail it to the nearest JVC authorized service dealer -LRB- $ 25 minimum postage -RRB- who will charge $ 70.00 just to look at the unit , with labor on top of that to repair it , then pay return shipping . So it would cost probably more than I paid for it to repair it . The service rep told me that the unit was most likely defective ... . oh well ... take your chances on this one . It is now collecting dust in my entertainment center . Happy Holidays to one and all .
 I ordered 3 of these - 1 does n't work ; causes the PC to re-boot .
 I had great expectations for this arm . It 's specs said it could handle a monitor up to 20 lbs , my Samsung 21 '' weighs approximately 15-16 lbs without it 's stand . Perfect I thought.The installation was easy enough , and yes , the arm does support my monitor 's weight . However , the monitor 's weight makes it tilt down towards the desk , making it impossible to view the screen properly . There are no tension adjustments for the swivel that controls the tilt , so the only way to keep the monitor from tilting down because of it 's weight is to put an object on the desk under it . Kind of defeating for a monitor arm that is supposed to add freedom of motion.I suggest looking for a monitor arm that allows you to adjust the tenstion of the swivel . There are a few such as Humanscale 's M7 monitor arm that have a balljoint instead , that can be adjusted -LRB- screws on the VESA mount -RRB- so as not to have this problem.Kensington themselves have been less than helpful in trying to come up with a solution for this problem . They suggested that since my monitor is not on their `` compatible monitors list '' which is just outdated in my opinion , it 's not their problem . Yet on their list are monitor models that weigh 3-6 lbs MORE than mine.I guess a heavier monitor that they add to their list defies the general laws of physics as well.All in all stay away from this .
 This keyboard is a triumph of style over substance . It looks fantastic -- the white and clear plastic really blend together nicely -LRB- at least until gunk starts to fall into the keyboard , as gunk is wont to do -RRB- . Unfortunately , the keys are mushy , with little tactile feedback , appear to be sized for a child 's hands and are angled in an aesthetically pleasing but difficult to use fashion.I type 110 + words per minute and a good keyboard is critical to my livelihood -- using this keyboard is tantamount to cutting off several of my fingers , between the slow response and higher typo rate.The only things I can say in its favor are that the USB ports are very handy and it 's at least better than the even more style-over-utility Mighty Mouse from Apple.Fortunately , there are oodles of high quality third party keyboards out there . I 'm using a Saitek Eclipse at home now , and am close to sucking it up and bringing one into the office to use instead of this Apple monstrosity.How did the designers that gave us the iPod give us an almost unusable keyboard and mouse ?
 Thank you for the refund for the defective keyboard . I appreciate your effort to settle this transaction . It is a pleasure to do business , knowing that you back up every order .
 Received a lightly used non USA keyboard of the later white design that used USB ports in the rear and no height adjustment . This did not match the accompanying image . At $ 72.95 I was expecting USA and new .
 All of the reviews below are accurate in their evaluation of the style and function of this keyboard , but no one mentioned its unparalleled allergy to spills.As a computer professional and enthusiast I 've spilled many liquids in many keyboards over the last twenty years . In all cases , I 've been able to dry them off , or in the worst-case scenario , disassemble and clean the membranes . Not so with Apple keyboards . Liquid damage to the membrane is fatal . It 's almost as if they used water-soluble switches!So third time 's a charm , Apple , or a curse -- last night my third and final Apple keyboard fell victim to literally a few drops of water I spilled from my glass . I shall not buy another one . They 're either intentionally designed to be susceptible to damage to force you to replace them , or Apple is so interested in the bottom line as to not care about the durability of their products .
 I 'm about to return my second keyboard . Thee first quit responding to any input at all after a couple of weeks . I tried connecting it to my pc and same thing . My replacement 's ` X ' key mysteriously reponds only in large case . It 's a cool looking keyboard but I ca n't recommend one given my eXperience .
 I do n't own one of these , thank goodness . But after having freelanced at several places that use this keyboard , I noticed that they do not age well . For starters , certain keys become slightly misaligned with repeated use , and can not be depressed swiftly . This problem is particularly apparent with the left Command key . Anyone who uses key shortcuts will be frustrated when the Command fails to work -LRB- e.g. instead of selecting all the copy in a text box , an ` a ' will have been inserted -RRB- . There is also no covering over the areas between the sets of keys so any dust or debris that falls over the keyboard is 100 % guaranteed to fall to the bottom , where it will collect and display clearly through the transparent edges . After a few months , what you get is a keyboard that causes inadvertant typos , while looking like it needs a bath.Fortunately , these have been discontinued . Just do n't go buying one now !
 This is a great keyboard , with one minorr caveat . First , the positives . It looks fantastic . It 's simple and stylish . The feel is soft but not mushy . There 's good tactile response there . It has little rubber feet on it that keep it from sliding all arouund the table -- it stays where you put it . Again
 This keyboard has the annoying habit of repeating letters . No matter how much I adjust my auto-repeat this seems to happen . Never had a problem with oother keyboards . Have returned for another same model , same problem . Also the feel is very soft .
 I have a used keyboard given to me by a professor . I 'm not sure if it 's the age of the board , but typing on this thing is a bad experience . The keys give a dull , stuck feeling with no tactile response to tell if the key is fully depressed or not . I mistype constantly , either completely missing characters because the key gets stuck or doubling random characters .
 The biggest problem with this keyboard is that key travel is not smooth . Over time , you will notice more and more friction as you type , resulting in numerous typos as well as untyped letters.I have reverted to a G4 style M7803.Edit
 I like this keyboard , however it is exceptionally sensitive to liquid . Do n't count on it surviving even a small splash or a few drips . It seems designed to channel liquid directly to the sensitive circuit etchings where they immediately corrode and stop fuctioning . Keep this in mind if you have children or if you are not a particularly careful person . Mine lasted about two weeks before getting cut down by a very small splash of tea .
 I ordered one of these keyboards , but had to return it for an exchange . The second keyboard has the same problem as the first
 I thought I was going bonkers and maybe myy fingers suddnenly got extra heavy . Not only has my typo rate gone way up on this keyboard but I get random double letters , which I 've left in this review so you can see . I turned off the keyboard repeat feature altogether and itt still happens . There are a few other complaints about thhis issue here , so I do n't feel alone . I 'm going to return it for another brand , maybe MacAlly or Logitech . Even if I could return it and get one without all the `` bonus '' letters , I find the keyboard very uncomfortable and cramped , which I suppose causes the extra typos .
 I 've been struggling to like this kb for about a year , but I 've finally ordered a MacAlly replacement . It 's a funny kb with a spongy feeling and close-spaced keys . I 'm not that picky about kbs -- I use about 7 regularly , and only this one drives me bats . My old iBook kb and my new MacBook kb are both far more comfortable for me.It 's all personal . This one makes my hands ache . On the bright side it 's clean looking , stylish , and compact . I just wish I liked it!The USB ports are 1.x and wo n't charge anything over 100 mA btw . Still , they 'll work on a mouse just fine .
 This is suppose to be a CLEAN , LIKE NEW ????? Are you kidding me ??? Someone Seriously needs to look up definition of CLEAN - THERE 'S DIRT , CRAP UNDERNEATH THE KEYS , THIS IS SOMEONES OLD KEYBOARD - I AM PISSED !!!!!
 This keyboard comes with an eMac and looks great.A little water from my daughter , numerous disassemblies and cleanings and it still does n't work right . Still , I 'm looking forward to a better keyboard . Read other reviews and you 'll see comments on the mushiness and inaccurate keying of this keyboard . Believe them . How can a reviewer give anything more than 2 stars to a keyboard which facilitates wrong keystrokes . To me you have to get the basics right . Classic drawback of the keyboard is you type a word and one of the letters is missing.So , two stars and I hope to find a much better keyboard than this one .
 Worst purchase I ever made on Amazon . I kid you not . The keyboard I purchased was labeled `` Good '' , however that was a blatant lie . The buttons were broken and some of them did n't work . There was gunk and nasty food crap stuck in-between the buttons , and two buttons came completely dislodged from the keyboard , and it even smelled bad . The moment I opened the box , I was somewhat shocked and really upset . Poor quality , Poor service , Poor everything . I hate this company .
 Notice the typos ? I 've had mushy keyboards and I 've had clicky keyboards so loud they wake the dead , but this is the first keyboard I 've had that makes its own typos by doubling up letters.Apple says `` Hmmm . Should n't do that . '' and they send me a replacement . The replacement also stutters . So , I 've replaced the Apple keyboard with a KeyTronic that I picked up at the local computer shop for ten bucks . No more typos.It 's just not anywhere near the quality of the iMac it came with.Another gotcha - Apple messed up the arrangement of the keys surrounding the number pad . If you actually use the number pad , it will give you fits . The * key has been in its spot for the past 20 + years . Why did they move it ?
 Be advised that the item shown on your web-site is not what I received . If you do not have the item you are advertising please correct picture showing what you really have . Waiting to hear from you .
 I buyed this used keyboard because I believe in his optimal conditions , but I reicived a piece of trash , a dirty keyboard with dust , food prints , dog piles . Is a irresponsability and a ofense sale this articles without maintenance.I ca n't return the keyboard to the seller because I live in Colombia and the keyboard is with me . I had to shop another one in my town .
 It looks good , the leather seems nice , but the buttons are hard to access and I am required to move the leather out of the way a little to get the headphone jack in . Have n't had any problems of obstruction with the connector on the bottom . By far the biggest problem and most annoying , is that the holes cut for the buttons on the front are too small and the leather is too thick , you practically have to dig to press them . Get something else .
 i got these headphones after my $ 150 Bose suffered a broken lead . I had taken such care of my Bose , but slipped one evening and they were GONE . The very thin leads can not be repaired -LRB- the wires are thin as a hair inside -RRB- . So , in disgust , I wanted heavy-duty phones . These are over-the-top . The wires look like industrial cables , and are very long . The headphones are massive . So , not at all suitable for use when walking about in public -LRB- I tried , with the wires all rolled up and in my pocket -RRB- . The jack itself must weigh as much as my iPod . Sound quality is pretty blah , with a shrill sound to my ears . I use them at home , but would not recommend them .
 These are my thoughts after about 24-hours of use.Comfort : These headphones were extremely uncomfortable for me -LRB- my hat size is 7 1/8 '' -RRB- . I usually do n't get headaches , but these managed to give me a headache after 20 minutes , without fail , every time I put them on . Maybe it 's circumaural headphones in general for me because even Sony 's MDR V150 were infinitely more comfortable -LRB- which are universally hated by audiophiles -RRB- . Instead I bought Beyerdynamic 's DT 235 -LRB- http://www.amazon.com/beyerdynamic-DT-235-Headphone-White/dp/B001BAKTFO -RRB- which are not circumaural , but my ears are small enough so that they basically are.Sound : I 'm no audiophile , but the sound quality was excellent to me ; even without an amp.Craftsmanship : Fairly well built , it is made of plastic . The biggest cause of concern for me was the thin cord , but the connector was covered in a metal spring contraption , which made it seem very solid .
 Ya know , . . I didnt think I 'd ever have to write one of these negative type reviews.I have never had a problem with things I bought on Amazon.However , . . these earphones , while sounding incredible , . . dont work well , after just a few weeks.They 're a pain , really . When I got them , they were fine , but after only two weeks of use -LRB- not hard use either -RRB- they go out at the point where the cord meets the plugin.I mean , I dont move them around much , just to put them on and take them off at my PC desk . I have to manipulate the cord until the sound comes back on.I tried to duct tape it so that the cord would stay in the right place , but that isnt working either.So , I have to keep trying and moving the plugin and cord round so that I can find a place that I can hear them.I do love the total depth of sound though.So , I guess I 'll have to look for another set soon , and keep these until then.Damn it.I 've only had these for about 2 1/2 months is all . They really do sound great too . Sad , ... : -LRB-
 After owning a pair of Skullcandy Hesh headphones with poor sound quality , I decided it was time for an upgrade . The M3Os I bought for myself arrivedlast month . . I plugged them into my laptop and listened to them . I was really impressed . The bass is a huge improvement over the Hesh , going for a sharp , full sound instead of just making your cans thump . The sound quality is great . With my old Hesh , I was missing half the song ! The headphones are pretty comfortable , after wearing them for 2 hours straight , I 've experienced no discomfort , despite having a ring in my ear cartilage.After a month of GENTLE use , they stopped working . The wire was intact , everything . These are a scam , do not buy!I 'm so mad because I feel like I 've been scammed ! I spent all my spare money on them ...
 The headphones are very nice and comfortable . However , the sound volume ca n't be turned up high enough . I understand why they might want them toned down a little , but this is just too much . I was disappointed and I would recommend you find another brand . They need to at least have the volume you get on an iTunes iPod .
 Unfortunately I was only able to wear these for about an hour before they became painfully uncomfortable . I adjusted and re-adjusted them with no luck over several days . I 've since ordered another pair that sit around the ear and I 've already worn them for several hours at a time.These also took quite a bit of &#34; fine-tuning &#34; to get a decent to moderate sound out of . I say that because I was very unhappy with the level of distortion , especially if listening to any music with heavy bass.The only reason for 2 stars is that even though they are extremely uncomfortable for me , you can tell that they are well made , and they are very comfortable to wear around your neck due to the foldable cups .
 I would give these 5 stars but for the discomfort I experience while wearing them . They feel fine initially , but after a few minutes the pressure applied by the pads becomes irritating . I take them off when the great music no longer compensates for the intensifying headache .
 I bought these because I had tried several other headphones , one costing $ 1500 and could not find a pair that offered good sound and was comfortable . These were inexpensive and the reviews were decent so I figured , what did I have to lose by trying them . The answer to that question is , shipping to and from Amazon.I can not recommend them , even for $ 45.00 .
 These had great sound but they hurt my head so much ! I could not have them on for longer than 20 min without having to give my cranium a rest . Lots of headaches , so I sent it back . Perhaps its just my low pain tolerance or small head , but thats my personal experience .
 After reading all the reviews I thought that these would be some good headphones for it 's price . Except fit really tight on your head . They give me headaches everytime I use them . I ended up just giving them away after a week , and I 'm using my iPod headphones now.The sound is good for the price you are paying but there was no comfort when I was wearing them , and that was a huge turn off.I would not recommend these if you are very sensitive or particular about comfort .
 I bought these headphones after reading many other reviews . But I think I was misguided by them . The sound quality is not so high , and they are not that comfortable . If the other reviewers had had to pay double the price , would their reviews still be as good as they are ? Probably not . I was looking for quality sound , period . Not quality sound in relation to the pricetag . I compared the sound against my other much simpler and cheaper headphones , and there was hardly a difference.The lack of quality in this item is simply forgiven by the other reviewers because they were not that demanding , because they had n't paid much for it . Oh , and the headphones are hardly sound isolating .
 I was so impressed when I opened this product . It was obvious that high quality products were used all over these headphones , the best and longest plug - in cord ever and then I plugged them in and hit play ... OY!These speakers are low rent big time . The sound quality is so bad and the range so restricted I thought my stereo had malfunctioned ! I hooked up my Farm & Fleet clearance $ 19.95 specials and found the maifunction is in these poor quality speakers.BAD.If they replace the speakers these are first class .
 Got the headphones , plugged them into my phone and they didnt work unless i pushed down on the jack . Not worried about not working on my phone as im only using them for messing around on sound board . Once I was home I put the adapter on and used them on the sound board . Here 's my pro and consPROS-Awesome fit . Very comfortableCONS-SOUND LIKE CRAP ! unless you have a headphone amp they will most likely be useless to you if you like loud music . . No bass response what so ever . . my headphones i got with my phone are better
 I received these headphones today and they are everything that I expected after reading plenty of reviews and hearing only good things . However , after initially being seduced by an attractive price of $ 50.93 , these headphones have cost me around $ 85.00 . This is because I live in Canada , and was forced to pay the overpriced duties and similar fees of shipping company ` DHL EXPRESS ' that is set as default by retailer ` Audiosavings ' . If you live outside of the USA , I suggest you do your research to find the cheapest way of having the product shipped to you , then requesting that Audiosavings choose your preferred method of shipping , or consider another retailer all together .
 The second time I used this product it started breaking and had a short in the wire ! Do n't waste your money !
 they all of a sudden stopped working on me after like one month . the sound quality on them was amazing but all the sudden stopped working and now i cant get my full refund because it is passed the return date . Good headphones when they work . Buy at your own risk
 I have had these for about a year . I also have M35.POOF ! no sound ! I have never had a pair of headphones to go out completely . Some had shorts in the wire . Some fizzled . Never POOF ! No Sound !
 Disappointed in this product . I listened for about 10 minutes and the sound was cutting out - there may be a short in the cable . Totally unacceptable and now I have the hassle of having to return them . Even if the sound did n't cut out I 'm not sure about these . The pads feel cheap and I doubt they would be comfortable or long lasting . I would steer clear of these headphones .
 The sound quality on these headphones is pretty good , but the driver is not very strong . The volume has to be turned up pretty high on any device I use with these headphones.I bought them almost exclusively because of their claims to high sound isolation , and expected to be comparing them to my Etymotic Isolator in-ear phones . The reality is that , isolation-wise , they barely beat out my cheapo , no-name , non-isolating , over-the-ear headphones . I can hear a clock tick a room away when wearing these things , for crying out loud . In short , they filter out practically no noise at all.I did n't find the pressure uncomfortable , as others have , but I also would n't call them comfortable either . The pressure is definitely there , as evidenced by how hard the ear cups clack together if I 'm not careful when taking them off -- hard enough that I fear damage will ensue if it happens enough times.On the other end of the cable , despite a long metal sheath , a metal spring protector , and thick insulation , after thirty-two days of regular use the wire for the left headphone broke at the plug end , so that I had to hold the wire in just the right position to get any sound . Less than twenty-four hours later , the wire for the right headphone broke as well.The final kicker is the price dropped on these by $ 9.13 in the month since I bought them.In all , these have been the most disappointing purchase I 've made of any kind in a very long time . I would not recommend them to anyone.Pros : - Decent sound quality - Plenty of cableCons : - Poor isolation , despite strong claims to the contrary - Tension is so high that if not careful when removing them , the ear cups come together so hard that it will probably lead to damage before long - Despite two forms of cable protection at the plug end , the wires for both speakers broke after thirty-two days of regular use
 Beware of this product . Several reviewers have said that the wires or connections went bad after a few weeks or months . I like the sound on this headphone but after a month and a half of sparing and careful use the tip of the plug that goes into my computer 's phone jack broke off . Not only is the headphone irreparably broken , now the tip of the plug is stuck in my computer , the sound does not work , and my techies at the university where I work tell me that I will have to change the motherboard if I want my sound back . I will get a partial refund on the headphones because `` the window for refund has elapsed '' but will Audio-Technica pay for a new motherboard for my computer ?
 The sounds are loud and clear but these headphones are quite uncomfortable . When I put them on initially they seem quite soft and well fitting but after 10-15 minutes they feel really tight and my neck and ears start to hurt . They might be OK for someone with a smaller head but for someone with wide head like mine they can be really uncomfortable . I cant even wear it through a TV show without taking a break , definitely out of the question for movies . Pretty much out of the question for long periods of continuous listening .
 I received 2 shipments that were not completely sealed in that heavy plastic . The first I received had a slit on the edge , but the back . The second set did not even have the plastic back at all , and still with the rough edges . Even if great , I want a completely sealed product where I do n't think it was previously used . Company/distributor issue ?
 headphones are comfortable and lightweight.but the sound quality is very quiet and low.these do not have noise cancelling at all .
 This junk was awful ! The sound was amazing and it isolated sound , but after 1 week , the cord got loose and stopped working . Do not waste your money on this junk !
 I tried three different headphones : Sennheiser 280 ProSound was very good , especially after some burn-in . But VERY uncomfortable . Way to tight -- really clamp down hard on your head . This produces great isolation , and they 're well built , but this is useless if you ca n't wear them . Note
 While these are clearly quality headphones , they did n't fit my needs . I wanted a pair to serve as everyday studying and lounging headphones as I worked on papers , listened to pandora , etc. . . While they are easily the clearest and crisp headphones I 've ever listened to ... they sound flat and without depth.Though they would be great to listen to spoken word , perhaps in-studio work , and in other completely professional settings , the average song did n't have a dynamic feel . I listen to everything from indie-acoustic to top40 's rap , and though I heard a lot of detail in the songs that I previously not noticed , the lack of smooth bass or fullness of mid 's made me decide to return them.Yes they are light , yes they are comfortable , and yes they would have been without a doubt durable , but I know there are better and more full sounding headphones for around the $ 50 mark.As one last side note , the cans seem almost seem a touch small to fit over and around the ears , but too big for the ` on the ears ' . Perhaps I just was after a more ` standard ' set of full , over the ear cans and I incorrectly assumed that a higher quality company/model of studio phones would fill my need and more . I 'm by no means an audiophile , but I definitely believe you do n't have to sacrifice a full spectrum of sound for perfect clarity .
 I purchased this because of the reviews online . After less than one month , the right side stopped working completely . Even cheaper ones I have worked longer . This is very disappointing .
 This is a pretty bad set of headphones . I used to have the Sony MDR-V150s which had decent sound but were extremely tight and uncomfortable . I bought these to get some high-end sound quality and some comfort . Unfortunately the ATH-M30s could give me neither.Sound quality
 I ordered this headset last week with another Panasonic one for my wife and both supposed to arrive in one package . 4 days ago , it said that package delivered , but Ive keept checking my mailbox and around my house and still nothing ... tried to call carrier but useless :-LRB- just wasting ...
 These things are terrible . They sound terrible , the wire is at least 900 ft long , they 're extremely cheap , I wo n't be buying something from audio-technica again . Do n't waste your money , pay 10 extra dollars for some decent Sony Extra Basses .
 These headphones were horrible . When they came out of the packaging , the connecting wire was already flawed . Sound only played from one side , or the other , depending on how you twisted the jack . I never could get both sides to play at once . The comfort was very bad , made my ears hurt , and was scratchy.For the price , these were a rip-off . I would have sent them back , but I ended up ripping them apart because after a gaming session where I could not hear anything and I simply lost it . Nobody should suffer these on their head .
 Do n't waste your money . I purchased 3 of these . All 3 batteries now last for no more than 5 minutes of talk time before they require a recharge . These are the WORST quality batteries I have ever purchased
 I purchased the MP-1000 about a year ago and it worked great . It still does , as long as I keep a computer with Windows 98 or ME . I realized it DOES NOT work with XP after I upgraded . With most new computers coming with XP , the older operating systems will fade away . This MP3 player will go with them . Audiovox discontinued it and has no plans on making it compatible with XP . Now I have to go buy another player . Save yourself the hassle . This thing is now worthless .
 if you want a mp3 player for a low price dont get this one get a nomad for about the same price but you get a fm tuner , voice recording and your also get more memory 64mb comparing to the 32mb that this one has , so dont get it .
 I purchased 3 Audiovox MP1000 mp3 players as Christmas gifts . I also purchased additional 32MB Sandisk MMC cards . These cards do not work . Audiovox blamed Sandisk for changing their MMC cards , but Sandisk says it is the Audiovox MP3 player . Even Audiovox , no longer has compatible MMC cards since , Sandisk makes the MMC cards for them . Specifically , Sandisk says that `` The Audiovox player does not follow the MMC Multiblock read specifications correctly . '' In the mean time I have contacted Audiovox twice , and have been assured that I will get a return phone call from the customer service supervisor . No return call in over 10 days . I am currently on hold waiting for 1 hour on their 800 customer complaint line , still waiting to speak to the next available representative . I am hoping that Audiovox will stand by their mp3 player and their claim that they can be upgraded with any 32MB MMC card . As it stands now , I have 3 mp3 players that , although they have great sound and are easy to use , they can only hold about 8 songs and can not be upgraded with any currently available MMC card . I am very dissapointed . I 'm sure that I am not alone and that many people purchased these players due to the great reviews we read and the information provided on Audiovox 's website and on their package . We were mislead , and I hope this review helps others , so that they are aware that they are buying a player that at the moment can only play 32MB of music and is not upgradable .
 I recently received this unit as a surprise Christmas gift . Believe you me , If I had known my parents were purchasing one , I would have researched first . Hopefully , I will save someone time and money . First off , the software that it comes with -LRB- the juke box thing -RRB- only offers a 96 kbps , while the player offers up to 256 . Of course , this is only a problem if you try to rip CD songs and convert them to mp3s . It took me all day to decide if I could live with the poorer sound quality of 96 kb/s compared to the 56 , 64 , 128 , or 256 . This is mostly because the software takes forever to do the rip , convert , and save process for each song . I think I maxed 2X total conversion speed despite like a 48X cdrom . I went to zdnet and downloaded some free , but cheapo files that do all of the same stuff real jukebox does , only you can select the 128 or 256 . The 128 and 256 are just about CD quality , but at the expense of massive memory . 256 averages 8 megs a song and 128 is 3 to 4 megs . With only 32 onboard ram to work with , things get a little packed . I finally went with the 96 kbps from realjukebox , which still only holds about half of a full 74 minute CD , and at slightly annoying quality loss . This is when I decided it might be cool to get more memory . No retail store around me sells the Audiovox version , and I hear these scandisk and viking ones wont work for anything over 32 megs . And here I am with a couple of gigs on my hard drive and two very peppy AAA rechargeable batterries . What a waste . My advise is go purchase something like the Ipod , that is if you have a Mac . Wow , 4 gigs . I dont know if that thing supports PCs , would n't that be cool . If only I had the 400 bucks to fork out . I think I 'll just return this thing and call it an informative and wasted day . Oh and one more thing . I personally think that now that Napster is dead , mp3s will soon be extinct . Well thats my 2 bits .
 This mp3 player does not support XP , which I switched to . Do not get this player if you have XP , which you probably do if you have a new computer
 This mp3 player does not support XP , which I switched to . Do not get this player if you have XP , which you probably do if you have a new computer
 Dont bother getting this MP3 player . Its not Win 2000 or Win XP compatible . I can no longer download music to it . Audiovox has no plans on updating their software to allow future use .
 I purchased this product direct from Audiovox a couple of months ago . I had several initial problems with the product . The most frustrating issue I had concerned Audiovox 's lack of customer service . I could n't get my problems resolved through them so I had to do a lot of research to fix my particular problem by myself . Another issue I had was , I tried in vain to purchase the expansion memory card from Audiovox . They could n't seem to get interested in me enough to want to take my money ! It was unbelievable ! After a month and a half of tinkering with the MP-1000 , I finally gave it my 16 year old son and am ordering another product.I liked the sound quality of the MP-1000 , but after a month of trying to figure out how to get the thing to work , I really did n't care about the the sound quality any longer . It comes with 32MB of memory which is good for about 5 cuts off of your favorite CD . Good luck trying to get the 64MB expansion card from Audiovox as well . I never did convince them to actually sell me one !
 If you plan on buying new computers in the future , do not buy this mp3 player . Although the player is good , you must use a 25pin parallel port to download from your pc . Audiovox tech support offers no alternative ! I just bough a VAIO , and , like a mpdern computer company , SONY eschews old fashioned parallel ports for USB inputs . I suppose I could buy a $ 40 adapter to keep my unit from becoming obsolete . BUT WHY SHOULD I ? Audiovox basically told me I was screwed on this one . Thanks for the support . F ' em . I 'm gon na hock my MP1000 and buy a decently designed MP3 player with current electronic technology .
 I liked the mp1000 until I upgraded to Windows XP , and was astonished to discover that the company will not support it . The device is now worth scrap metal . Customer Support responded with a form letter to the effect that they feel my pain , but drop dead anyway . Philip Christopher , the CEO , did not respond to my letter at all -- probably too busy making deals to bother with solidifying his customer base . Do n't waste your hard-earned money on Audiovox products .
 What a waste of money . I will never ever again buy anything from audiosux !!! I fell for all of the upgrade promises that were on the box and suffered because of it .
 Unfortunately , I have to agree with the others - while this is a great MP3 player and it really served me well until I upgraded to Windows XP and found out the hard way that it was not compatible and there is no way around it !
 I purchased a memory card for my MP-1000 only to find out that they do n't work , and that many others have had the same problem . The software/hardware fails to recognize the memory card . Not only that , but Audiovox stopped making this model , so the software is only compatible with Win 95/98 , not Win2000 or WinXP . And it uses an insanely slow serial connection to trasfer files , it takes forever -LRB- no USB support -RRB- . And one other thing , the carrying case is Pleather not leather . In short , do n't waste your money .
 I bought this MP3 players as a Christmas present for my wife . In the 6 months that she has had it , it has been back to Audiovox for repairs twice and now has stopped working again . It is out of warranty and definitely not worth the cost of an out-of warranty repair . I would discourage anyone from wasting money on this player .
 The MP-1000 has become useless since there is not currently and will never be support for Windows XP or 2000 . Audiovox `` understands your frustration ... '' but will no longer be providing support for their MP3 products and will not be providing any further software updates .
 Like an Apple computer , the Audiovox MP1000 MP3 Player is very cute . Unfortunately , that 's about it . Sound quality is very good , packaging is sharp , and the parallel cable is sufficient -LRB- we wish for USB -RRB- . But if you want to record more than 8 - 12 songs , forget it . Audivox offers a 32MB MMC upgrade , but since March it has been delayed a month at a time . For some reason , no other MMCs work in the MP1000 . Not Viking or SanDisk , or any other according to Audiovox ... Audiovox promises a new model that is supposed to be compatible with all MMCs . If you hate being trapped in old technology , do n't buy this item until you are sure that either 32MB -LRB- max . -RRB- is sufficient , or you are assured that you have the `` upgraded '' model . One Star Rating for Zero compatability . -LRB- Technical Support guys at Audiovox are very slow to get answers from . They have offered to replace my MP-1000 with one that works with MMC cards . They have promised that since March , and still `` do n't have the units available '' . -RRB-
 This case appears to be genaric . There is no place for the plug in power supply for my portable sound dock . I must be careful when using the small pockets on the end -LRB- used for the IPOD and remote control -RRB- because they could easily be crushed . On the other hand the price was right .
 The case was advertised as going with the PORTABLE Bose sounddock I purchased when , in fact , it is only for the Bose sounddock . Consequently , it did n't fit and had to be returned . The advertising is wrong on it so look for the PORTABLE Sounddock case if that 's the sounddock you buy .
 I bought this at Staples , and came here to see if anyone else had the problems I 've had with it.I can tighten all the screws except for the one that keeps the camera upright . What good is a tripod when I 'll have to hold the arm to keep it upright at all times?I wish I still had the packaging it came in , I 'd return it toute suite . Do n't even bother with it . Defective defective defective .
 I bought this tripod and after 2 minutes of testing I am returning it right away . There it ought to be consumer agency that should forbid companies to market this products . Kind of an FDA for unfit products . The head wobbles , the side wobbles , everything wobbles . It does n't matter how tight one screws the releases . I feel like I am taking a picture on a boat in open ocean.Don ' t reccomend it at all to anyone for any reason . Do some research an for a similar price you will find something much much better .
 Very poor construction , the legs come off the head very easily as the screw threads are weak and strip easily.Also you can only tilt the camera up and down , not left or right also so its very limited .
 I returned this tripod the day after I bought it . The pad where the camera rests began to wobble badly , and no easy fix was possible . I think a little more attention could 've been paid to the design of the little pad where the camera rests .
 The head on this thing is pathetic . I ca n't believe they collect money for this thing .
 I purchased the item and in my very first use , one of the legs was bent . I called the customer service for warranty but I was told it was my fault not the product . The foreign customer service was rude with poor english . Avoid the product and the hassle of bad customer service . Ben
 This tripod has a really good folded and extended size , pretty big when extended and small when folded . The clicking mechanism is n't that good . It 's hard to fold and extend , and may move a little when you 're using it.Update
 If you want these speakers for the g5 . Time to move on . It is a completely different speaker jack . I 'm returning them .
 Like another person - I got these speakers to use with an older Mac - G3 - only to find out the Mini-Jack did not fit on my Mac . A trip to Radioshack did not solve the problem and neither Apple or Amazon could direct me to an appropriate adapter . They are going back .
 How disappointing -LRB- doubly , since they were a Xmas present -RRB- to receive computer speakers with the wrong cable connection . And after being assured they were manufactured for Apple G4 , which is what they were purchased for . Now I have to take them back from the recipient , go to an electronics store and try to find an adapter , a converter , something to try to make them work . Disappointing , discouraging , and certainly discouraging enough to dissuade me from ever using this method of buying anything again !
 i purchased this battery , thinking i was getting an oem fuji battery . The battery arrived on time , the battery , the box both say fuji , but this is not the same battery as comes with the camera . The oem battery coming with the camera has a hard shell , slides into the camera easy . this battery has a was paper type of cover , taped on the back . The batterY looks like it could fit , but is too wide . I could fit partly into the camera , but then rather than risk never getting it back out , i removed it ... thats not the end , to get it out , i had to use tweezers , pull on the wax paper to pry it out , and it was not even fully in.THIS IS NOT AN OEM REPLACEMENT FOR YOUR FUJI X100 , DO NOT BUY ... LIKELY A BLACK MARKET BATTERY .
 Ho acquistato e pagato il prodotti il 13 agosto , -LRB- NP-95 -RRB- dopo 90 giorni non ho ancora ricevuto il prodotto e neanche la restituzione di 35,36 USD . Quanto devo aspettare per avere la mia batteria o i miei soldi .
 I ordered this item specifically from Amazon thinking I would get an original OEM np-95 battery . This is not the case .1 -RRB- The battery I received does not fit in as smoothly as the original , and has a loose plastic label taped on the body of the battery .2 -RRB- The original np-95 battery has a label in English . The one I received has a label in Japanese .3 -RRB- Search for np-95 on eBay . You will find that they sell those np-95 batteries with Japanese labels for less than $ 10 shipping from Hong Kong.CLEARLY NOT AN ORIGINAL OEM NP-95 BATTERY !!!
 You camera will record audio better WITHOUT this microphone . Luckily I bought it locally and will be returning it .
 Got it for my 5D MKII . Made several tests and in all cases , the result WITHOUT the Sima microphone was better , confirming all other reviews . It 's a true piece of garbage . This company should be ashamed selling this kind of thing ! DO NOT BUY IT .
 For my work , I sometimes have to conduct interviews with people at their offices or in stores . Since this was going on my expense report , I did n't look up reviews and simply bought the mic at Best Buy . I was using it for a Canon mini DV camcorder and I wholeheartedly agree with the reviewer here who said it was unethical for this company -LRB- or any retailer -RRB- to be selling this product.It makes the sound worse , simple as that . I got more static and a hollow noise and everything improved once I took the mic off . So if you think your camcorder 's mic is n't what you 'd like it to be - go ahead and buy this , get used to the horrible sound for a few weeks and then take it off . Your camcorder 's sound will sound amazing!Seriously , do n't buy this . I 'm assuming the company stays in business because they 're the only one that makes such a cheap mic and as long as they have their distribution agreements with companies like Best Buy/amazon/etc . They do n't have to do spend any money on marketing or product development , just have it on the accessories shelves next to the camcorders and watch them fly off the shelves .
 I bought this to shoot a wedding , I was hoping to get better audio of the ceremony than the mic built in my camera -LRB- canon zr40 -RRB- . Fortunately we did some trial runs - turns out the audio quality was FAR BETTER without this microphone ! It turned everything into a tinny and unsatisfactory tone.Switch has two positions - zoom and normal - could n't tell a difference between them . Tried the microphone in many different locations and it just sucked overall ...
 Due to the lack of info on the web about this mic I thought i should comment ... I recently decided to get a DV-CAM to make promos for my bass guitar company . I spent a great deal of time finding a consumer camcorder w / a mic in and settled on a pv-gs300 . The built in mic on the gs300 is ok but recording electric bass with a mic is quite difficult . After several comparision tests between the built-in mic and the sima it became blatantly apparent that the sima was garbage . Huge amounts of hiss and noise and very uneven frequency response ! The built-in mic sounded beautiful in comparison . For the price I figured this mic was marginal but thought it would at least be useable ... it is not . If your looking for the worst possible sound for your videos I 'd highly recommend it!So , the search continued ... I settled on a Rode Videomic which is fantastic!RODE VideoMic Directional Camcorder MicrophoneThey also make a stereo video mic if you need stereoStereo VideoMic . The Rode video mic has extremely low noise , flat frequency response and another really nice feature is a built in attenuation switch -LRB- 0 , -10 , -20 -RRB- for DV-Cams w/o a mic gain control.Anyway . . point is do n't waste your time with the sima mzm1 mic ! There is a very good reason it is the cheapest camcorder specific mic on the market!Cheers
 I bought this to improve the sound on Canon Elura 100 ; even though the camcorder has pretty poor sound qaulity , but it was still FAR better without this MZM-1 microphone . The MZM-1 sound quality has heavy static , and we could not tell the difference between `` normal '' and `` zoom '' .
 SIMA should be sued for misleading advertising , the box reads
 I purchased the mzm 1 for a major interview , but it 's worse than the camera itself . It claims that the rubber stops the motor sound . What 's a flimsy piece of rubber band going to do ? I have to look into other microphones like the canon dm-50 . Please do n't buy it . I know it looks tempting because of its price , but just trust us on this . I did several tests by changing variables such as batteries , wind socks , and zoom/normal , but it just does n't work ! If I could , I would rate it a zero instead of a one . I do n't even understand why it got patented . It 's nothing !
 I have an Elura 100 for shooting home movies . Although the built-in microphone is pretty good , as far as such things go , it still picks up a little bit of motor noise , and is only really good at close range . With that in mind , I thought that an external , directional , microphone would be useful . On a whim , I purchased the Sima MZM1 at my local large electronics store , which , believe it or not , stocked it as its only external microphone on the shelves . I had n't heard of Sima , but figured that even an inexpensive -LRB- actually , I paid more than the Amazon price -RRB- , directional microphone would be better than the built-in microphone . Boy was I wrong.I set the camera up in a quiet room with no wind noise and ran a sound check first with the built-in microphone , and then with the Sima in both normal and `` zoom '' mode . The built-in microphone sounded as good as ever , clear with a slight trace of motor noise . Then , as soon as I plugged in the Sima microphone , the noise level increased dramatically . In normal mode , I not only picked up the motor whir substantially louder , I also picked up a substantial amount of buzz and other hissing/buzzing noise . In zoom mode , the motor whir was gone , but that was possibly because it was drowned out by even louder hissing/buzzing noise.At first I thought that perhaps it was the fact that the Elura 's electronic wind screen is deactivated for external microphones , so I turned it off for the built-in microphone and repeated the test with the same results . At this point I began to think that my mic-in jack was defective , so I eventually secured a real microphone to test with , and discovered that the camera was working just fine , and that all the noise was being generated by the Sima MZM-1 . In short , I spent around $ 40 to buy a microphone that was far inferior to the camera 's built-in microphone , and wasted hours trying to troubleshoot the problem . If you buy this microphone after reading all of the reviews , you have no one to blame but yourself for the misery this product will bring to you.As a final observation , the microphone 's rubber mounting system does not seem to actually dampen any noise , and in fact appears to increase the noise from movement since it allows the microphone to flap around a bit -LRB- not that you 'd hear it over all of the other noise this microphone introduces -RRB- .
 Totally worthless . The built in mike on my JVC camcorder is a million time better than this piece of trash . There was no noticeable difference between the normal and zoom settings . DO NOT BUY THIS ! PLEASE ! Do n't give Sima any money for creating horrible products .
 I am so annoyed by what junk this product is , that I decided to take a moment out of my day to let the world know . DO NOT BUY THIS . I compared the audio quality on the built-in camcorder mic to the Sima and the built-in is far and away better . Hope I saved somebody the trouble of buying this trash .
 It 's unethical to sell such a mediocre product and make such false promises . The sound quality is simply awful , significantly worse than the camera 's original microphone . And switching from `` normal '' to `` zoom '' has no real effect
 I was in a pinch and needed to get something quick and bought one of these locally 2 days ago ... it 's going back today . Wish I would 've read all these reviews before buying , because they are very accurate in their assessment of the product . The built in mic on my camera captures FAR better quality than what this produced . The only promise they keep on the box is that it `` eliminates background noise , '' but it 's not what you 'd expect ... The only thing you 'll hear in your recording is loud voices ... all background noises -LRB- and some quieter voices -RRB- will be impossible to hear over the constant and loud humming and static ... If you are still seriously thinking about ordering one of these ... here 's my advice
 First off , let me say that the idea of this mp3 player is exactly what I was looking for . I wanted a player I could wear with no wires to get in the way while I worked and I also wanted a replaceable battery.Had the player continued to work I would have given it four stars , only because sometimes the way the player presses against the sides of my head can be quite painful . However , after roughly two months of owning this player it stopped turning on . I tried new/different batteries and nothing . It will turn on when plugged into my computer , which makes me suspect a power issue with the cord in the band.The other thing worth mentioning is the fact that I did n't sweat all over it when I did use it , in fact it still looks pretty much like new . Some people have speculated that sweat will kill these and I can imagine that happening , but mine probably died of some other cause.All in all I 'm pretty ticked off since I wo n't likely get a full refund from Amazon since I had it for two months . I may have just gotten a dud , but I 'm not going to buy another to find out . I might get one of the new Sony headset players , but the reviews are kinda ' shaky . For now I 'm going back to using my cheap old thumb drive style 128MB player that looks like it 's been through the storming of Normandy . It may have a cracked display and a missing battery cover , but I 've had it for three years of heavy usage and the thing just keeps working .
 My essential goal was to find headphones with a built in MP3 device , especially for use while running . Seems like a relatively simple concept , look at the size of normal MP3 players and the size of headphones and it should be pretty straightforward right ? Just put the MP3 device inside the headphone , not rocket science , not splitting the atom . I had these headphones for two weeks , took them out while running , worked great . Took them on a longer run for a couple hours and the device completely shorted out . I thought , well its probably got some perspiration in it , I 'll take the battery out let it dry and try it again later . No luck , 24 hours later still not working . After I pretty much give up hope of it springing back to life I open it up to see if I can see something visibly wrong . Keep in mind these are billed as athletic headphones , they say sport on the front and it has a guy on a bike in the picture . There is absolutely no moisture protection for the circuitry , none whatsoever . The headphones themselves actually have holes into the cavity of the device itself , so moisture will just go right in . Honestly I ca n't believe they worked for two weeks while exercising . Its unfortunate because the design itself is actually pretty good , comfortable , sound is n't too bad , decent battery life . If you intend to use these for absolutely non active situations then it might actually work well for you . If you intend to use this device to do an activity that will produce any , and I mean any perspiration these will be completely useless for you . I chose this device because none of the name brand companies seemed to be offering anything that really fit the bill for a wireless in the headphone mp3 device , especially one that is good for active use , unfortunately this product absolutely does not work for this particular need . If you are considering purchasing this and it seems like the best option I would highly recommend you save your money , given the fact the electronics are not protected at all ensures beyond a doubt that these will fail in short order when exposed to any amount of moisture .
 I purchased one of these a few months ago . I loved the wireless aspect - no cords to catch on anything . Sound was acceptable , though certainly less than others I 've had.But , it crapped out on me . Stopped turning on and wo n't open with usb cable . The earpiece with the controls on it is cracking open at the seam . So , not very durable . I 'm not a fan of shoddy goods .
 Worked Great for the first week . Now it will not turn on , it just quit working . It was not dropped , hit , kicked or abused in any way it just broke after 1 week .
 I really liked it at first , but after a few months it started turning itself off.It still works as a two gig disc , but the player is not functional .
 It looks nice but has too many microdot buttons and they 're way too small to fumble with without constantly taking it off your head to know which button to use . The main thing I hate is it only has 2GB of memory . That means I can only put 250 songs -LRB- avg . 4 min . each -RRB- , or about 16 CDs , on it . A headset should have a minimum of 4 GB or at least be able to install a miniSD card in it for more space -LRB- i.e. songs -RRB- . I wish it had FM capability . That would help listening variety.Then the battery goes dead after 24 hrs of continuous use . Come on . . And to top that off , you ca n't put a Sony battery in it because Sony 's are too big . Why make something that wo n't accept what a major battery maker produces ? All/any AAA batteries should fit . Bad design!I personally do n't want to mess with all the bells and whistles . Who cares what -LRB- 7 -RRB- color choices the screen looks like and what -LRB- 6 possible -RRB- styles of music it is
 I was interested in this product until I saw there was no description for the item such as age , condition , model # accessories included or not included , software etc.without a descritption there is little interest in this item .
 I was interested in this product until I saw there was no description for the item such as age , condition , model # accessories included or not included , software etc.without a descritption there is little interest in this item .
 I so regret buying these laminating sheets ! First off it says you get 50 sheets so I thought that meant it would be enough to laminate 50 sheets of paper front/back -LRB- Like most other laminating self adhesive products -RRB- . But you get 50 ONE SIDED sheets - enough to cover 25 sheets front/back . The film is also thin and bends very easy and is not super clear . I guess I just got spoiled by Scotch 's laminating sheets where one sheet covers the front/back of what you are laminating and is very thick , sturdy and clear . Will never buy this again !
 As far as the quality of this product goes , it is excellent , like most Avery products . It works as advertised , is easy to apply , and is far cheaper than a laminating machine.However , the box I ordered did not contain 50 sheets ! Instead it had 49 , and I was left unable to finish my project , which required all 50 sheets be used.Amazon replaced the box easily enough , but the second box also only contained 49 sheets . I decided to open a third box that I had ordered , and it contained only 48 sheets ! This is terrible quality control.I called Avery and they are replacing the third box `` with a box that contains 50 '' sheets , but I 'll be sure to count that box when it arrives too .
 I bought it and it worked for one day . Second day it did not workIf you buy it you will find out it is unreliable piece of junk
 I bought this at Home Depot to go along with my drip irrigation system for my landscaping . It seemed to program relatively easily , and worked relatively well at first . Then I noticed that one day , it had reset and was `` off '' . Nobody had touched it , and the battery was still good . I reprogrammed it , and it worked for a short while again . The idea behind this was that while we were on vacation , we could have our landscaping watered without needing to bother our neighbors with the task . Well , that did n't work out so well . I put a BRAND NEW 9V into it the morning we left . We went on our vacation and came back 3 weeks later . Half our plants looked pretty under-watered . I go to the back , and the device is listing `` low battery '' . I try to get it to turn on or do anything ... no dice . Strange , as when I checked the battery with a tester , it 's still a good battery . I take out another NEW battery and put it into the device , and what do ya know , an hour later , it 's telling me it is `` low battery '' . What junk ... did n't even work 6 months !
 My wife got this for me on sale . Loved the controls , which are simple and logical . Timer worked great for one season , but then started turning on at times not programmed and were erratic turning off , too . Tried changing the battery , but did n't help . Too bad . Seems sturdy and tight and well laid-out . But southern Texas climate mandates dependable watering or everything dies .
 I came to Amazon to look for a replacement and happened upon this site , where I see that I 'm not the only one that has had a problem.I shop on Amazon a lot , and I have never seen so many bad reviews for product failure.The money is n't worth it for me to pursue Melnor for a refund -LRB- which , on further consideration , may explain why it keeps selling a clearly defective product -RRB- . But I guarantee you - I will NEVER buy anything from Melnor again .
 Very hard to program . Ca n't tell if it is on or off . After 3weeks noticed it was n't workong . Battery was dead . Removed battery -LRB- 9 volt -RRB- and terminals were full of corrosion . Unit had leaked water inside and completely corroded away one contact , making device useless . Thank God ! Now I can buy a good one . Hated this thing from day one .
 low battery indicator does not worki put a battery inunit would not manually turn water on/off -LSB- -LSB- did not operate the valve -RSB- -RSB- low battery indicator never came onworks fine with ` different ' batterywtfwhat does ` low battery ' mean?it 's REALLY dead , but by the way there is some mystery state where it doesn ; t work but the battery is n't ` low ' ? i mean the battery indicator should indicate ` it is not going to do what you expect it to do ` wtfwhat ELSE is it going to screw up?also i hate the battery changingscrews are not attached , have to pry the cover off , then the cover isn ; t attached , have to find a screwdriver , hard to see and decode polarity indicators , blahit may go back to the store soonwle
 I was going into the hospital in May and bought 2 of these so my gardens would get watered . They worked great for a couple of months and then turned on and would not turn off . Changed battery and one is back working , the other wo n't even come on again .
 Leaked , and user interface was a bit challenging . Returned and purchased competing product from Orbit -- which does n't leak and has a more intuitive U/I .
 I travel out of town often on work related business . I bought this item to run soaker hoses in my garden while I was out of town . During one trip , I had a multi-hose manifold break and send out a shower of water for several days . The Melnor timer got wet , and even though the battery compartment has a waterproof gasket and the unit looks to be weatherproof , the LCD screen fogged up and stopped working . This could just as easily have been a heavy rain that caused the problem . Beware if you buy this unit . Keep it sheltered from heavy downpours .
 This is my second Melnor 3015 that has failed in two years . The first worked for one season and the valve would not open . I liked the unit other than that and decided to purchase another one for the following season , because I came up with a plan to put it in storage after last season . At the end of last season I removed the unit opened the valve manually and flushed it with air from my air compressor . Then I gave it a few shots of LPS-1 , while cycling it on and off between shots . Put it in a zippy bag and on a shelf till this spring . And I thought I was so cunning . Got It off the shelf 3 weeks ago , Put in a new battery and ` VIOLA ' the valve was frozen again . For what I paid for this unit I expected it to operate for a couple season at least . Yes , I do feel like I was ripped off , but I only used one battery per season .
 I have had several of these . I agree with the others . Do n't waste your money . One time water got into the housing , other times it would n't turn on by itself . I 'll never buy a Melnor again .
 Melnor 6-Cycle Electronic Aqua Timer # 3015I had this device for three weeks when I found it had leaked internally and the battery contacts had rusted completely away . Now who would make a device designed to work near water with corrodible contacts ? Melnor it seems . This device is just not make with any sense of quality . Do not buy it .
 I have gone through 5 of these things over the past 2 years . They do not last . They either crack internally and the electronics get wet or the LCD just stops working . Poor design .
 I had owned a Melnor timer before this model and when the threads broke I bought a new one . This model does n't work ! It does n't turn on for days and when it does go on , it is at the wrong time . Amazon replaced the origional one that I ordered after I complained but the replacement does n't work any better that the first one . Stay away from this product !!!
 I PURCHASED THIS ITEM WHICH WORKED FOR 1/2 A SUMMER THEN WENT SCREWY AND TURNED ON AN OFF AT WILL . THE SECOND ONE WORKED FOR 1 WEEK AND AFTER GETTING SOAKED TRYING TO SHUT IT OFF , I TOSSED IT ALSO . PURCHASED A DIFFERENT MODEL BY SAME MANUFACTURER , SAME GARBAGE . DO N'T WASTE YOUR TIME OR MONEY . -LRB- TRIED TO GIVE NO STARS , BUT IT WOULD N'T LET ME -RRB-
 I purchased this product two weeks ago and was very pleased with the ease of setup and operation . That is until today , when the timer missed it 's 7:00 am wake up call and when I removed the battery cover , I found the compartment and I am assuming the electronic control board completely flooded.Bringing this garbage back where I bought it and hopefully I do n't have to wait until next Summer before they get me another one .
 This Melnor irrigation clock is very easy to understand how to set . However , I prefer their 3 cycle dial-type clock . Unfortunately the old 3 cycle clock broke off where the hose-bib meets . The 6 cycle clock came on at a different time than was set and did n't turn off . It was hard to tell if the indicator meant it is set , or if it means time to set it , or if it means pause , because it was not consistent with the directions . I am in the market for the original dial-type 3 cycle again .
 I bought 2 timers from Home Depot . They both worked for about a week before they filled with water and died . I contacted Melnor and explained the problem . They were apologetic , stating they had a batch -LRB- must have been the Home Depot batch -RRB- with inferior software . They are sending replacements -LRB- with new software -RRB- at no cost . Will update when new timers are put into use .12 / 15/08I 've had the new replacements in use for over a year and am putting them away for the winter . These timers have been flawless . They 're easy to program and they consistently turn on and off at the designated times , provided my batteries are fresh -LRB- changed them once this summer -RRB- . I use mine on a drip system and from time to time notice my drippers are not dripping . The cause is from debris in the screen entering the timer from my well water system . When the screen is clean the water flows.May 11 , 2011It 's been almost 3 years since I received the replacements . I just brought them out after their winter rest and have them installed on my systems . They 're still working perfectly !
 I have 4 of these and two have already broken . I bought them hoping they would be better than Melnor 's previous model -LRB- bigger , rectangular looking green thing -RRB- which all four broke within a year.NOTE , I take very good care of all of my tools . Change batteries , bring in during the winter , etc. . This is a quality problem , not a user problem.I have lost plants and wasted a ton of time messing with these things , changing batteries , looking for receipts , etc.MELNOR , shame on you . This is irresponsible and you should recall and apologize for not doing your job -LRB- testing a product -RRB- . -RRB- .
 out of seven timers i purchased new at home depot four failed within a month . they filled full of water and the function failed and i kept them instead of returning them . anyway i could not recommend these for anyone who relies on performance
 Considering how much landscaping costs , there 's little reason to scrimp on timers . I learned this the hard way , coming home from vacation to find my yard brown and parched . This timer , which was less than a year old had failed , and as a result , so did my grass.I 'm now in the market for a new one that actually works .
 This thing looks like it should be a great timer . The interface is just about perfect for what it does . You just set the current hour , then when you would like it to come on in the day , how many days between each watering , and how long to water each time . Then the device promptly ignores all input and starts turning on and off at random . I love seeing the screen say `` Current Time
 I wish I would have read the reviews here first . Bought a model 3015 at Home Depot today . -LRB- Picked the 2nd one in the display as it was obvious the first had been opened/returned . Should have taken that as a clue . -RRB- Installed it , turned on the water and gave it a slight twist to move the display to the side -LRB- out of the direct sun -RRB- and the top blew off . Water everywhere . Good thing I did n't leave it on and go to work !
 I have owned 2 of these water timers in the past year.The first worked great for about four months , then the entire face of the timer popped off . I heard it from across the yard . I exchanged it for a new one at Home Depot.The second I used in the fall and then retired it for the winter . After a week of use this spring , it stopped functioning . The lights were out so I thought it might be the battery . The battery compartment was filled with water and the contacts had corroded . It was useless.I do not recommend this product .
 When they work they are great . I have just had 3 , yes 3 of these timers that out of the box have not worked in the last three weeks . Massive floods , random on / off cycles , and no help from Melnor . Keep your receipt and buy local . You will probably be taking one back real soon . I have bought about ten of these over the last few years and have returned at least 6 , maybe 7 .
 We really like this timer . It is exactly what we were looking for . It is so easy to program and also change the program when necessary . Plus the price was right . Hope you keep this timer around for a long time for when we need another one .
 Seriously , this thing is worthless . Sometimes it comes on , usually it does n't . No rhyme or reason to how it turns on . It ignores the setup.I 'm on my second one , hoping the first was just an anomaly . No luck . If you depend on this to keep your plants alive , you 'll be making repeat trips to the nursery .
 Bought two of these , one could n't keep time and the other leaked water into the electronics and stopped working the first day ! Please do n't waste your time and money .
 I purchased two of these units from Home Depot a couple of days ago . Considering appearance , features and ease of programming , the unit seemed the ideal choice . After trying for over two hours to get them to work , I was unsuccessful . I finally went online to seek help and discovered that my experience is not unique . Do not waste your time on this product .
 I do not know how this product rated because I sent it back without opening it because it was not what I ordered !!!
 This item worked fine for three months and then broke . Had it replaced and the same thing happened . I abhor products that do not work as they should and do not last.Avoid this item !
 I purchased this timer to keep my pool filled . It worked well for a few months and then decided not to shut off . I tried changing the batteries to no avail . Do yourself a favor and stay away from this timer .
 Simply does not work.Called the manufacturer . Went through the whole protocol.Said I was doing everything correctlyGot a second set of new long lasting batteries . Still did not work.Never would work . Waste of time.This happened with both units I bought.I know it sounds like I am doing something incorrectly.It does not appear that this is the case.You can program it and turn it on with the manual switch but the timer function does not work.Do not ever buy this brand.As another review said , `` Why do they make things that do n't work ? ''
 The Melnor readout is small , and you need an engineering degree to program it -LRB- I exaggerate , but only slightly -RRB- . I lost track of how many times the unit failed to water either because of battery issues or because I failed to program it correctly . After two years rain water got into the battery compartment and the unit failed for good , providing me an opportunity to seek a replacement . I bought an Orbit one-dial timer for about $ 5 more than the Melnor , and the difference between the two units is like night and day . If you 're looking for a reliable , simple to use water timer , the Melnor is not for you .
 I first started out buying 1 of these . It was the older round model 605F . 6 years later it still works great , but they discontinued it and i had to buy 3 of these . They worked fine for about 30 days and two broke . I email the company and they sent me two new one which lasted me the rest of the year . The start of the next year one filled up with water and stopped working and and the other just stopped working . So i mailed them to the company with a letter and they sent me two more and they worked for the rest of the year . The start of this year i just put one on and the entire outer casing blew apart . Do n't have a clue why . I have one that works now and i still have the OLDER model 605F that keeps trucking along . I 'm done with this model or go back to the older model which works .
 I owned three of this things -- but it never last a whole season . low quality , it got flooded in the battery compartment , never get to work right . I ca n't return it anymore , so I need to buy different brand .
 Worked for two seasons then broke . The electronics remained operational but something inside leaked and flooded the battery compartment . The entire innards were under pressure and water was spewing out from cracks in the casing . Needless to say the battery compartment had corroded and I thought cleaning it out and putting in a new battery would be enough . But apparently the reason it corroded was from the internal valve leak .
 This is one of the worst if not the worst timer on the market . This review is not based on owning a single unit but three units that have all failed miserably . The longest one unit worked was one season . The operation is simple and the timing mechanism seems to perform adequately . All units failed internally at a seal , a valve or a hose connection . One flooded internally causing the battery to corrode and fail . The other two would leak water at the faucet side of the connection when the internal valve was closed . This was most likely due to a bad seal or cracked plastic . This unit is cheaply made and I warn all consumers to avoid this timer at all costs ; you will only be disappointed .
 This product deserves no star but that is n't a choice with Amazon 's rating system.I bought two of these Melnor 6-cycle timers `` on sale . '' When I got them home , one would not work , but I could not return it because it was a sale item . The other worked , but not reliably , for one season -LRB- about May through November -RRB- , but did not work when I tried to use it the next year . Even when it worked , I could not trust it to turn on when it was programmed to and therefore had to have a neighbor check on my plants when away from home for a few days.Every place I 've checked with reviews of this gives it a thumbs down . It is a piece of junk that can be found in most garden centers and many garden sections in super-markets . I do n't understand how a company could continue making and selling such a defective product year after year , and why stores would continue selling it . I do n't recommend buying it -- chances are it will be unreliable or not work at all -LRB- turn on and off as programmed -RRB- .
 Bought one of those at H *** D **** . It worked fine for 3 days then the automatic function failed . Wrote customer service and was told to refer to its website for warranty policy , which does not exist . Brought it back all the way from Asia for an exchange and the second one was dead on arrival . Had to chalk this one up as a loss as a result of my own bad judgement - should have just returned it .
 The previous generation of this time worked great . I have 4 older ones which have worked great for about nine years . Purchased a new one last month and it is already broken . It worked for two weeks and then it filled with water and of course it is now worthless . Avoid this timer
 I bought two of these timers last year and they worked great ... for three months . Both will not work this year -LRB- after storing in heated garage for the winter -RRB- . Expensive and not worth the money .
 I bought two of these , and have returned them both . Neither worked as advertised . One did not keep a good seal with the faucet , so water just continued to drip out of the top of the timer . The other filled with water , and even though water conducts electricity , it 's not a good idea to have the battery surrounded in it . At least I think I heard that somewhere.Don ' t buy this unless your life is running short on frustration .
 These timers appear to have one significant flaw . The inlet can easily break off leaving you with a timer that can not connect to the hose bib . If you are lucky enough to get one that does not have the inlet pop off , or if you can glue it back on successfully , then these seem to work pretty well .
 I used this product last summer because it was the only one that my home improvement center had for under $ 50 . Well I went through 3 of them in one summer , because they kept breaking -LRB- the timer stopped working , or the water seals broke -RRB- . All I can say is that I did n't even get what I payed for . Do n't buy this one !!!
 I bought one and the plastic hose attachment broke off as soon as I turned on the water . I returned it the next day and , assuming it was flawed , bought the same one . The exact same thing happened , so I know it was n't a manufacturer defect , it 's just trash .
 I bought two and they broke within a week . Do n't buy this model . They leak and break very easily .
 This timer has very limited settings and those do n't work . A week after installing it I tried to change the settings . The start time went crazy and kept cycling through the hours . And , of course , to take the battery out and force a reset requires dismounting the timer . Spend more on a different brand .
 I have owned 3 of these and each one has failed . This morning , I discovered the water still running 2 hours after the timer had come on . It was supposed to run for 10 minutes ! I use them when I go away for a month at a time , so it 's essential that the timer works properly , but this one is a piece of cr * p.My local Home Depot only sells this brand . Do n't waste your money .
 I have had this timer for only 2 seasons now . All of the sudden , it keeps showing that the battery is bad , when I have already changed the battery . It worked great during the first year , but only lasted for about one year . I will spend the extra money on a better product this time .
 I bought 3 of these timers at Home Depot under the Vigoro brand , but they are the same POS . I installed 2 on parts of my mountain cabin 's drip watering system . 1 failed after a week and stuck open , costing me $ 290.00 in wasted water -LRB- water is expensive there -RRB- . The other failed while I was there and also stuck open . I replaced DIG 90001d timers that died after 5 years with this junk , trying to save money . Big mistake ! At least the DIG timers fail in the closed position .
 Of the three I bought last year one still works but the lcd is unreadable , making them all unusable . Eight of the eight Gilmores are still working .
 Water built up inside the unit till the screen was obscured and then damaged , electronics eventually failed also causing it to cycle on its own . Happened slow enough that warranty expired before it was noticeable . Who builds a watering timer that is n't waterproof ? .
 This timer is just not worth the money . The plastic conntector to the hosepipe breaks easily . It consumes batteries quickly ; one 9v battery does not contain that much eneregy . I came home to a flood because the plastic connector decided to break .
 Worked fine the first season , but now it does n't . I 'd recommend another option , if you can find one .
 I bought four of these timers at the beginning of the 2008 season and two were dead by mid-May . The reason
 The unit is very easy to program , and with all the possible cycles is very flexible and adaptable to most any need . The problem is it only worked for about a month . After that , it tried to kick in as programmed , but immediately shut off -- useless . It 's an aweful lot of money to spend for such a short period of operation .
 This product has a major flaw . It does not keep time . The time of day clock gains about an hour every 12 hours or so . I have to keep changing the time so that I water at the proper time .
 I bought three of these this spring . Two failed by July . Went to my local Ace Hardware to return them , and was told the product has been recalled as defective . They gave me a full refund for all three , even the one that had n't broken yet ! There was a pile of them in the manager 's office that had been returned after breaking !
 I should have read here before buying . I 've had each problem . Blowout of inlet connection -LRB- pressing back together with PVC glue fixed this -RRB- , erratic time keeping , turns on and will not turn off and water in the battery compartment -LRB- added pipe thread sealer to o-ring -RRB- . Very bad unit .
 I purchased one of these , set the time and settings , and hooked it up to my sprinklers . It fired three hours early . Interesting . I noticed the time had drifted by three hours , so I set the current time again . Same deal . It fired three hours early . On one other day , it just picked a time at random.Returned it , as the unit I had was defective.The replacement did the same thing . The time drifted , and it started watering my lawn three hours early.That 's enough of that . These units would be fine , if they worked right , but they do n't . Additionally , the buttons do n't work right , and require repeated presses to make any change . The user interface is actually pretty good , but the unit itself is poorly engineered .
 I thought I was buying the older , round style , Melnor timer , as that model was pictured in the Amazon ad . The round timer could be set in the dark , as it had a different colored , flashing light , for each timer selection -LRB- ie
 I wish I 'd read these reviews before purchasing the Melnor 3015 . I 've returned 2 purchased this week from Home Depot . Neither one would prevent water from moving through the device while out of the programmed `` on '' time . Home Depot is great about taking them back , but what a waste of time and gas . After first fail , I called customer service and operator listened to about 2 sentences and said , `` it 's defective , take it back '' . Based on reviews here , I 'm guessing that they get lots of complaints .
 This is a great timer with a weak plastic female connection on the top . Eventually , it will crack and spew water uncontrollably all over the place until you discover it and replace the timer . The connection can not be replaced by the owner.This flaw is really a shame . If the timer had a metal connection , it would be the perfect garden timer .
 I purchased two of these timers last Spring at Home Depot and both have now died . For the single season that they were working , they worked great . The timer is easy to use and has many options in terms of scheduling , etc. . No leaking at all . I took them in last Fall and stored them in the basement , hoping the would work fine this year , but alas . The first one flooded the first day I used it . I did not bother to take it apart , but the battery compartment was clearly wet and a lot of water ran out of the drain holes on the bottom . So that went in the trash . The second one held up for a month or so and then the female connector cracked and started leaking . The leak got so bad it made the thing inoperable , so I decided to open it up and see if I could fix it . There is not easy way to get this thing apart . The two halves are glued together . I finally cracked it open with a chisel and a hammer . The entire valve with the two connectors is a single piece of molded plastic . There was no way to easily replace the female end . If I had been able to easily replace the female connector , I might given this thing a decent rating . My only advice is to remove one of the two filter screens -LRB- black and green -RRB- on the female end to make more space for the male connector to screw in.Regardless , this is just another example of why I am not buying any hoses or hose accessories with non-brass connectors .
 I installed this timer and it worked great - for all of one day . The second day it started watering at a completely different time and did n't turn off on its own . The third day it did n't turn on automatically at all and had to be manually started . The fourth day it stopped working completely . Replaced the battery - still did n't work . The fifth day we threw it in the trash and bought one from Orbit .
 Only worked for a limited time before reading the battery was low . Replace the battery and it only takes a few minutes before the battery low comes on yet again . Do n't waste your money .
 Is it possible to select less than one star for my rating ?? Bought my first one at Home Depot . It worked like a charm until I connected it to the spigot . So off to Home Depot to foolishly exchange it . Got home and did a quick program and could hear the until switch on , so I figured I was good to go . Wrong ! Put it on the spigot and it did n't do anything . Messed with it for a while longer trying to see if was me that just did n't understand how to program it , but it was n't me . It was this worthless piece of junk . It 's going back to the store tomorrow for a refund . I 'll get something better . Vigoro should be ashamed of making / selling something this bad . I should have read reviews before buying it .
 I bought mine under the `` Vigoro '' brand name at a hardware store , not thru Amazon -LRB- the design is identical , down to the programming -RRB- . This lasted for about 10 months before it stopped working . I opened up the battery compartment and it was flooded with water . I let it dry for a good three days before putting in a fresh battery . The numbers came on , I programmed it , hooked it up , but no dice . The valve never worked again under automatic mode , only manual mode .
 After a year of use the inlet broke off - luckily while I was screwing the hose in . Bad news if it breaks while you are not there ! I could n't return it to home depot because of the time so I decided to check it out ... the part that `` broke off '' seemed to be a press fit ... there was no broken plastic , little indication of glue . The press fit just seemed to come out - not good at all.I decided to use some epoxy and repair the unit ... something that melnor should use in the first place!Also it 's a bit funky selecting the program on/off ... I have to press the button multiple times to get it to respond .
 This model seemed to work fine for the first year , but when I tried it out for this summer , everything works except the valve -- ie , it does n't turn the water off at all . Manual override makes a clicking sound inside the body , but the water does n't turn off . Moving on to a different brand . And I ca n't find any way to open it up to see if it 's fixable . NOT recommended .
 These timers would last a season and I figured one a year is n't all that bad for the price . As I set up my watering needs using more of them I found either they filled with water , ate batteries weekly , or did n't work . Buying locally they are the only game in town . The last straw was 10 days ago I left on vacation . I came home to find my back yard now a pond . Somehow , the thing stayed on long enough to water my yard with according to the water company 37,000 gallons of water!NEVER AGAIN !
 It worked great for about 3 months , then it flooded our back yard . The body leaked like a sieve , irreparable .
 This timer stopped functioning after one month of use . It is very poorly made , not worth the money and I will be seeking a refund .
 Purchased the same item from Home Depot under the Vigoro name . Left it on for a summer and assumed that it was battery failure when it stopped working . This summer tried it out earlier . The timer just does not work ! No flooding like others have experienced . It just does not go on and off at the programmed time.A complete waste of money . Melnor should have recalled these long ago ! Do not buy under any circumstances !
 It worked great for about 8 months . Easy to set , worked at the right times . Then some gasket or other broke on the inside , and when it turned on , it would just flood water throughout the whole thing .
 I knew it was not working as it should when a few times I came home only to find it was running when it was n't supposed to be . But I just got my water bill for the period covered when I was using it and it was FOUR TIMES what I normally pay . I 've had bad water timers before but never had this problem . It seems lately anything I buy never last me more than one season . I had much better luck with a NELSON I bought in the mid-90s . Wish I could find that one again .
 I own 3 of these and they did n't last 1 year . They all lose time and one of them turns on at the wrong time and does n't stay on the correct amount of time . Complete waste of money .
 We bought this under the Vigoro name at Home Depot . Got it home , installed a brand new battery in it , and hooked it up . I set it according to the directions . I wanted it to run every 3 days , coming on at 9 am and running for 2 hours.It came on once , at 12 midnight , and ran for 30 minutes . I reset it the next day , installed another brand new battery , again set for 3 days , on at 9 am , run for 2 hours.That night it came on again at 12 midnight , ran for 30 minutes.This is a hunk of junk and should NOT be purchased . I just hope Home Depot will take it back ... that 's $ 30 or so I 'd like have back .
 I only used this product for one summer . It worked fine at first , but by the end of the summer it could n't keep time any longer . Fresh batteries did n't help.Find a better product .
 Worked great for a little while and now it starts for only a second at the scheduled times , and then shuts off again . I replaced the batteries with fresh ones - did n't help at all.Garbage .
 Bought this at Home Depot , but returned it the next day and got my money back . It was impossible to read the numbers on the screen . I tried indoor lighting , outdoor , shade , whatever . I could n't distinguish `` am '' from `` pm '' except with great difficulty , and could n't distinguish the numbers on the screen representing the number of minutes to run , starting times , etc. , at all .
 This product `` upgrade '' replaces the round model . The previous model at least worked for a year . This model releases water into the inside which of course destroys it . I tried 4 times . There is obviously a need for such a product , but this is not one to purchase . It is easy to program , but what is the use when it breaks so quickly . This product should not be sold !
 Tried two of these and neither one would connect without leaking . The second one flooded inside as well . Do n't bother .
 I 've purchased two of these timers and both retained water and stopped working within two months .
 Waste of money , just like all Menlor products . I 've bought 5 different Menlor/Vigoro timers and all 5 have failed within 2 years . I 'm the fool for buying them , but I wo n't anymore . It 's convenient to get them from Home Depot , but I 'll never make that mistake again . This particular model failed right out of the package . The on/off switch would not shut off .
 These timers were installed 5 areas to be used for drip system and soaker hoses . It has been about a year and all timers have been replaced at a minimum of 2 times . We did some landscape work and these timers where covered under the warranty , so I did n't have to keep replacing them . However , now the warranty is over and 2 replaced timers failed couple of weeks ago . I will be buying a different product and replace all the timers to keep avoiding the fustration .
 Horrible . Does NOT work at all . The manual timer part worked , but shut off after 1/2 hour . The programmable part did n't work at all . Took the item back to H *** D **** , and the cashier told me that she gets a lot of these timers returned , and they have to stockpile them and send them back to the company . She said that a lot of the items this company makes get returned , and I can see why ...
 I purchased this so that my garden would be watered while I was away on vacation for a week . Upon returning , I learned that it was running continuously so my neighbor turned off the faucet . When I opened the battery compartment , it was flooded with black water and the battery was extremely corroded .
 I bought two of these , and they both had to be replaced . One failed after 24 hours ; the other lasted a week .
 Worked fine for four months . The battery died , and when I went to change it I could not remove the plug to get to it . The rubber gasket around the battery compartment door melted and sealed it shut . The plastic cracked when I tried to get it open . There was water in the battery compartment , so I doubt it would have worked anyway.I wo n't be buying any more Melnor products .
 I bought this timer at home depot and would not recommend it to anyone . I followed instructions and it did n't even work . Do n't waste your time or money !
 Bought this water timer a year and a half ago . It survived through the first winter , but did not make it through the second one
 Bought from Home Depot - never worked right - took a while to get it to start at the right time - when I accomplished this small feat the next challenge is getting to turn off - I am returning it - do not buy this - waste of time and water - ps I am back in the states for a while - cheers
 `` Works with low pressure drip and soaker hoses '' says the description . No . No , it does n't . I tried hooking it up to my rain barrel and there was n't enough pressure to make it function . On a normal spiggot , though , it seems to work fine . I 've had it watering an area where I laid down grass seed . I set it up to turn the sprinkler on every 6 hours and run for 5 minutes , and it seems to be handling the job just fine .
 This timeer is apiece of junk . When I first attached to the faucet , the top attaching unit poped off . I tried to reattach it , my strength didnot equal the force necessary , so now it sits as a memento of a bad purchase .
 Terrible product . I bought 3 of these at one time . The first filled with water on the first use . Contacted Melnor and they replaced it . The replacement does n't water at all . Neither does one of the others . The third does water , but I have it scheduled to water every 3 days and it goes off every day instead .
 Me too . Went through three of these , and every one had the threaded fitting at the top blow off . Special bonus
 I had high hopes for this timer . Looked solid , did what I need by looking at the directions and box . Boy was I wrong . The valve on top is horrible . I bought 5 of these and all 5 of them broke at the top . The sales clerk at Home Depot said they 're thinking about not carrying them anymore with all the problems they 've had . I also had a problem reprogramming it . I originally had it set to go once a day but when I switched it to once every 3 days it still stayed on the once a day program . . Not worth the money at all .
 I purchased two of the new 2007 3015 model digital timers to operate sprinklers on two parts of my property . As mentioned in other reviews , the new model looks completely different than the old model in the picture . From the very beginning , the timers were extremely unreliable . I have had them for around a month now , and my opinion of them has only gotten worse . They were easy to program , but good luck getting it to operate according to it.Issues experienced : - The timers would turn on whenever they wanted when the program was on , over-watering my lawn and just wasting water . - To the other extreme , I had it skip multiple days where it was supposed to turn on , causing new grass seed to get too dry . I ended up getting a rain gauge so I could tell when it was doing this , so I could water it manually . - Even with the program turned off , the timer would spontaneously turn on at a random time . It would then stay on for the amount of time set in the program , even though the program was n't on . - If you turn off the program to adjust it in any kind of way and turn it back on , it resets the `` days count '' for between waterings . Unless you want to water daily , this can be a problem if you need to adjust it.Even though the programming was fairly easy to do , its simplicity only causes more problems than anything . The old model had great reviews . I only wish I could have found it instead , since this model is clearly not up to the same standard as the previous . Melnor needs to do some more work on this one . I will be returning these timers , since I just purchased some more reliable ones of a different brand .
 I bought this product from Home Depot last year and it was just what I needed after laying down new sod . After getting the hang of it , it was easy to program and worked flawlessly . However , after storing it away for the winter and taking it back out this season , I regret to say that it was busted . After opening up the case to replace the battery , I found the battery compartment was filled with water and the contact were corroded - much like an earlier review . I tried replacing the battery , but to no avail .
 I returned the first one to Home Depot after the battery compartment filled with water -LRB- obviously a common problem with this unit ! -RRB- . They did n't sell any other brand so I exchanged it . I just opened the new one and it wo n't even turn on to program , despite the fact I inserted a brand new battery ! -LRB- I changed batteries out to ensure it 's not a battery problem ... still does n't work ! -RRB- . The `` New '' unit is under the name Vigoro and it 's model number 196 036 . I guess they were hoping the bad reviews would go away if they changed the name and number ! How about FIXING THE PROBLEMS ??!!
 wish I had read the reviews.I say the same as others - after using about 8 times it filled with water , froze that night coincidentally so now the water expanded and it 's cracked.one reviewer said an internal diaphram or seal failed - that must have happened to mine because of past exprience with water coming in , I sealed the battery compartment cover with good tape even though it had a good tight rubber gasket.i 'm not sure I have the receipt I `` ve bought so many timers -LRB- half have failed - fill with water -RRB- but am taking some of these reviews . thanks for taking the time to write . mine also filled with water.I got it at home depot as all others did , but mine has brand name Vigoro on it . from what i can tell by my research , the Vigoro site does n't have any timers - and mine looks exactly like the melnor , and amazon.com calls it calls it Melnor or Vigoro Aqua Timer . Melnor probably sold a batch to Vigoro if this is confusing anyone else . not sure if i could go directly to melnor - have n't tried though.I too as other reviewers liked he round melnor model that I bought last year and they work fine . From what other reviewers are saying , this is that replacement with the same model number 3015 - if so , I agree , that 's not right . wish me luck in getting my money back.Julius Grace
 Work once and does not work anymore , very good user interface but very poor product quality ; wasted my time and my money . It is not recommended .
 I have had two of this timer , private-labeled as the Vigaro brand and sold by H *** D **** stores . The first one failed after 8 days when an internal gasket failed and the timer electronics filled up with water . The replacement was dead on opening , never worked . Look for a different model ...
 I bought this timer and tried for a week to make it work before I left on vacation . It never worked . I tried resetting it this morning and am hoping that maybe it will work while I 'm gone . If it does n't , I stand to lose a lot of plants . Disappointing to spend so much money and then have the thing be unreliable . I put in the correct battery , followed all the instructions to the letter . Frustrating .
 I needed to replace two of my old units and was drawn by the Melnor name ; assuming quality . The first unit was purchased at Home Depot -LRB- I paid much more there than they are currently selling for now on Amazon ! -RRB- . I could not get the timer to function properly . It would engage and then dis-engage within 2 seconds . Not much of a watering cycle . A call to customer service -LRB- and to their credit -RRB- resulted in their shipping another unit , no questions asked . The second unit came in branded as a Vigoro . It appeared to be an updated model now with wireless control . Two months of working flawlessly and now the unit will not allow the water to stop flowing . No way to fix it or even see what the problem is because of the sealed case . I should have obeyed one of my tenets and that is ` you get what you pay for ' . And in this case I got frustration , two units that do n't work and a thirsty garden that I have to get up at 6:00 to start the watering system . At least my old units allowed me to dis-assemble them and do some repairs when they were having problems . But these units are no longer available nor are the parts .
 This product worked well for a week , then the timer quit working . I unscrewed the top plastic hose coupling to take a closer look at it , and when I reattached it , the uper hose coupling sprang a big leak . I thought it was me , or just a defective part . After the fact I read all the reviews , and realized that it is a terrible product .
 Worked fine for two weeks and then stopped . Opened battery compartment to check and the inside was full of water . Battery , etc. was ruined .
 These are great timers but just for a single season . I have 5 of these in my yard . I have had to replace them every season . At cost of $ 29.00 it gets expensive . Easy to program , but not very reliable .
 I have owned several melnor products and found that none of them last more than a season . They are all my Home Depot carries so they were my only choice . Electric and manual , they are definitely not made to last . I recommend you look elsewhere .
 The time worked great for a week , then it read ` low ' battery . I figured I put a bad battery in it so I changed it . Again , it only worked for a week before the ` low ' battery came up again . Put in a different brand of battery , same thing . Went out and bought new batteries for the 4th try , again it only lasted a week . Very disappointing , and more expensive than the brand I usually buy .
 I have several timers around my property . This is the only one I have problems with . The battery dies in a week . I have tried several different battery brands , including rechargeable and they all die within a week .
 Works fine , but problem is battery life . Battery only last for 1 or 2 days . Have had to change batteries several time . Is there a warranty ? If so , I would like to file claim . Totally useless as is . Please help ...
 Works for a while but I 've been through the third and last of these timers . Every year , I have to buy a new one . The first two just quit working and would n't turn on even with a new battery . This last one flooded out the interior and was completely destroyed ... I even removed the battery and stored it indoors for the winter . A outdoor timer should last longer than a year . Enough .
 This picture is NOT the Melnor product . This is a Vigoro timer . I wanted the Vigoro not the Melnor . The Vigoro works very well . Perhaps the AA batteries I used were not fresh enough , but the battery power of the Melnor was not even a week . I will try newer especially stronger batteries next .
 I did not realize my `` Vigro '' was the previous model to the Melnor 3015 I purchased earlier this week - The Vigro would not power up this summer , and the Melnor worked for 4 days , and worked POORLY . Used a set of 2 AA batteries every day . My only hope is that the company will somehow make it right.Update 7/16/2012An email to the company at an address I found on their website has resulted in an apology and I 've been told a new one will be shipped to me in the next 2-3 days . Gave them an extra star just for the service . If the new one works for longer than 4 days , I will add another star .
 This product worked like a charm for the first two months . Sometime in the third month though , the timer stopped closing properly . There was a slow leak which caused my water bill to triple . What 's the point of having a timer if it wo n't actually shut off ?
 Have been a big user of the old style 3060 for a long time using six of them . They do wear out and that 's not a flaw - it just happens to items with moving parts and circuitry . The current 3015 is a bummer with very limited programming capabilities and the new 3060 does n't have a cover and when exposed to measurable direct sunlight , it will fail . It , too , does not have the capabilities of its predesessor . Melnor `` was '' a great company offering good products - what happened !?!?!?!? If there 's anyone out there that has a working old-style 3060 and wants to sell it , let me know . By old style , it had a cover and was a square type unit using four AA batteries and had a lighted display .
 Product was used for just 2 seasons -LRB- May-Sept -RRB- . At the end of each season battery was removed and replaced in spring with new battery . Item never was wet and internal parts as well as external look new ; but no longer works . The last Melnor unit only lasted 1 season . Think they want it to fail . Needs engineering fix . Their service line is always busy ! I do not recommend .
 I have nothing new to add ... this is a terrible , yet expensive , product . I am just adding this review to make sure the product has very low star rating . The on-off button and manual overdrive both stopped working . What a waste of plastic .
 Awful . Bought these at another store , got two of them , neither worked for more than a few weeks and they never worked as described when they did .
 Two years ago I bought one of these water timers for my garden . Worked fine that summer . The next summer I hooked it up and it leaked like a sieve . I bought another because that was all my local store had . Worked fine that summer but once again when I tried to use the second one this summer the it leaked . If they cost $ 5 it might be worth it but for $ 30 there are a lot of better options .
 Bought this timer halfway through last summer . Brought inside this winter . Put in a new battery this Spring . Now it only runs on manual for approx 20 minutes before it suddenly shuts off !! Ca n't find a solution . Hoping company will replace .
 I ca n't find Melnor 's round timer anymore . It worked pretty good . Got one in the backyard that 's bulletproof and will last 6 months on 1 9v battery . This one , apparently the replacement for it , is just crap . Wo n't hold the time ... wo n't run the program consistently ... goes through batteries in no time flat . Works great on manual , though.In short , do n't waste your money .
 This timer only lasted three weeks . It failed to function while I was on vacation which was the very reason it was purchased . Apparently something was not sealed correctly in the device and the entire battery compartment flooded with water , rusting all the connections and causing it 's failure .
 This was the fanciest timer at home depot so I got it . Program options looks nice and worked fine for about a month . After that it just stopped working . I replaced the battery but it keeps shutting off . Junk .
 I bought 2 , one for the front yard with a moisture sensor and one for the back yard with moisture sensor . I planned to have a reliable watering of my new sown grass seeds for 4 weeks in June and July of my summer vacations in Germany . Both timer-sensors combinations did not work in the first place . The front yard watering timer got completely soaked after one week , the display was under water . The back yard timer did never start to water with the moisture sensor . If my neighbor would not have turned both programs off and watered manually , my lawn would have died . This stuff is poorly engineered and obviously never tested in the field.Do not buy or you will certainly regret it!Gardena watering timer never failed me .
 Bought two of these at Home Depot and neither of them worked . The more I read the instructions it became clear that this is an inferior product . The first clue is when you try and set the time ... . states to set to the nearest hour ? I could go on but I 'm on my way to return these to Home Depot . I think I 'll stick with Gilmour .
 I rarely write negative reviews , however this is one product to stay away from . Adding another `` 1 star '' to the rest of the reviews here , I bought 2 of these devices at the same time . One broke off from the faucet within the first week and the other had water in the battery compartment the same week . It is clear this design is faulty.I have since bought a Gilmour 9400 that is more expensive , however is working as advertised .
 These timers are junk pure & simple ! . I bought two of them at Home Depot and had to return both of them . On the first one , the valve would n't work either in the automatic or manual modes . On the second unit I had the same problem with the valve plus the connector that attaches to the faucet was broken off the body right out of the package .
 I purchased 5 of these timers . Of the 4 I 've set up , 3 of them have problems with timing -LRB- run too often , unrelated to the program I 've set up -RRB- . The 4th had a leaky gasket and filled with water so I 'm not sure whether the timer worked correctly or not . The customer service person was frustrated the two times I called but has agreed to replace the units . Now that I see the problems others have had , I may save myself some hassle and find an alternative product .
 Like many others who have reviewed this sprinkler , I hold the opinion that it is junk . I paid extra because of the claim of `` all metal '' and the lifetime warranty . Within the first few uses , it stopped oscillating . Will work for a couple of hours and then gets stuck . I 'd avoid this one . In fact , I doubt I 'll be inclined to buy anything from this company . If this is their top of the line model , how good can the cheap stuff be ?
 I bought this sprinkler at Home Depot and used it a few times last year -LRB- 2011 -RRB- . It pluged and then stopped moving . This is really junk!Why ca n't industry make a good , reliable sprinkler ? For that matter , why does most products now only last a short time ?
 Gosh , I hate cheap sh ** . I was duped into buying this at the hardware store a few years ago because I saw the metal housing and associated that with `` quality '' . I could kick myself for that now . The sprinkler has a nice solid metal frame , but the oscillating mechanism is made of cheap plastic . Within a year of use it started getting stuck at the end of each oscillation . I tried tinkering with the settings and adjusting the water volume , all to no avail . I broke it out for use today after it was stored away all winter , and now the thing gets stuck every few seconds.I 'm going to contact Melnor in hopes of finding replacement parts for this thing . It would be a real shame to throw away this nice metal frame because of the flimsy plastic mechanics.I should point out that after use I always stored it out of the elements . Turns out that was a wasted effort !
 I bought this sprinkler because it was ` heavy duty ' and all metal . Sadly , the drive train is all plastic and promptly broke , leaving me with a sprinkler that wo n't oscillate . I strongly discourage anyone from purchasing this item .
 I 've bought three of these 360M 's and two of them failed after I made the fatal mistake of touching the area limiter controls -- one of them after using it 4 times ! The only one I have that is still working is on its 3rd season now , and I 'm sure that 's because I 've never so much as looked hard at the controls.Don ' t buy this sprinkler ! If you already have one and it 's working , do n't touch the controls !
 I bought this Melnor oscillating sprinkler together with the similar Melnor 4200M 2 years ago and am now throwing both away as they both stop oscillating shortly after you set them up . It is very frustrating to start watering an area and then return to find that your sprinkler is stuck in one position and has failed at its intended job . I have 2 Gardena brand ocillating sprinklers -LRB- one is 12 years old -RRB- that work perfectly . Reliability counts so avoid these products .
 I am a bit disappointed , and my grass is brown . I bought this sprinkler a few years ago . It worked well for the first 2 or 3 seasons , but was n't oscillating properly last summer . I called Melnor and they were very kind . Because of the warranty , they offered to send me a new gear or replace my sprinkler . I chose to have my sprinkler replaced . I hope that this newer version holds up for more than 3 summer seasons !
 Spent a little more at HD for this American assembled product . First use was impressed - I liked the coverage and adjustability . But second use - the oscillating feature stopped working . I had dropped the product on the lawn as I was screwing it onto the hose . Very dissappointed . Called MELNOR customer service - left phone number on voicemail , but no callback . Based on these other reviews - I 'm returning it . I 'm going to try this lower tech solution from Nelson : Nelson Cast Iron Square Spray Pattern Stationary Sprinkler Head 50951
 I decided to try a high cost sturdy sprinkler for a change . Did not oscillate from the first day . Moves in one direction , and then sits there clicking with no return movement . Tried a half dozen different settings with no change in performance . Do n't waste your money .
 Never worked from day one . Did not oscillate . Light weight , poor quality , do n't waste your money
 I purchased this sprinkler because it appeared to be a quality product , with the frame being solidly built of rust-proof aluminum . I assumed that the motor would be as well built , but I was seriously mistaken . As other reviewers have written , the motor ceased oscillating and began to `` stick '' less than a month after purchase . Talk about annoying ! Needless to say , I returned this sprinkler for a refund , and bought a cheaper , yet more reliable oscillating sprinkler at a fraction of the cost . This is the second Melnor product that I 've owned that has performed poorly , and after this experience I will certainly avoid purchasing any more of their `` junk '' . I would recommend the same to all others .
 I bought two of these and neither works properly . Each gets stuck in one position and does not oscillate .
 What a piece of junk . I bought this sprinkler from Home Depot . It was one of the most expensive ones they had , and it looked like it was well built . After a few uses , however , it gets stuck and you have to shake it to get it to start oscillating again . It is not worth any amount of money , certainly not what they are asking .
 ORdered a second , after -LRB- luckily -RRB- having good success with the first . Second one arrived , oscilation was DOA . I am nto sure I will roder a replacement after reading all the simialr comments .
 Stupid me , I thought a more expensive $ 30 oscillating sprinkler would last longer than my previous $ 5 oscillating sprinkler . Wrong . I purchased this in May 2012 , today is July 15 , 2012 and it wo n't oscillate anymore . If water pressure is the issue as stated in another review , why did it work for 2ish months and then suddenly stop working ? Yes , I made sure the screen at the hose connection was clean . I even took it apart best I could to see if I could figure out the issue , the oscillating/gear system is sealed . So frustrating .
 Used this about 3 times in my garden , now no oscillating . Avoid this junk at all costs .
 I am on my 4th Melnor oscillating sprinkler ! The first 3 failed . ie no longer oscillates , leaks like a sieve . I have tried different models . While the hardware is metal , the oscillating part is made of cheap plastic . Brand new the oscillator failed , and after several trips to Home Depot , this one worked for a while and then it too stopped oscillating . Now it leaks like my previous one did!Find another oscillating sprinkler !
 I expect more from a $ 30 + sprinkler and will never buy another Melnor product as a result of this experience . Was never stepped on or thrown -LRB- until it quit oscillating anyhow -RRB- . Junk .
 The oscillating mechanism of the sprinkler failed within the first 30 minutes of operation . We called the manufacturer , explained the problem and were promised replacement parts immediately . We received the parts , installed them and put the sprinkler in operation immediately . It performed for approximately 8 hours and has failed again . We are in a quandry at the moment
 I bought this oscillating sprinkler in 4/2008 from Lowes and it stopped oscillating in 1 month . The frame is metal and rugged enough , but the entire gear train is plastic and looks very flimsy . Do not buy this product .
 the frame is metal , but the actual oscillating mechanism is plastic . i just blew out my 3rd . yes , i have high water pressure , but come on . is there not a sprinkler that i can just turn on?the first one i had , i turned on full blast . worked fine for a couple of weeks , then blew out . so i got a replacement -LRB- this is all from home depot -RRB- . i turned it on and it blew out immediately -LRB- you do n't really hear a loud pop , but you can see water suddenly spray from the middle of the oscillator , and when you look at it you see that it 's literally been blown apart -RRB- . so i replaced that and decided i would just be careful , since it ca n't take much use , and it 's the best one home depot has . so i turn it on just enough to get the water to spray out about 15 ' per side . well , that lasted about 2 weeks . the other blew out as i turned it on this morning.seriously , is there not a sprinkler that 's REALLY ALL METAL that i can buy ?
 I bought a second Melnor Oscillating sprinkler to replace the one that kept getting stuck . The new one stuck just like the first . How frustrating ! I wo n't be buying Melnor products again .
 I bought this sprinkler about three weeks ago , it is in the garbage now ! I thought when it did not rotate that it might have something hanging it up so , I bought a water filter and added it to the line . That was a waste of money also ! The sprinkler would rotate back and forth very well for a few rotations and then it would hang up , I then would pick it up and bump it a time or two and it would work fine for a few rotations and hang up again , then I would start over again . Finally I got tired of staying outside just so the lawn could get watered . Now , I just use a hand spray nozzle until I can get a good sprinkler.I would not recommend this product to anyone , it is a waste of time and your precious money . I like this type of sprinkler if it worked like it was supposed to .
 Picture shows older Melnor model which was a good heavy duty sprinkler . But new model that is being shipped is silver & very lightweight with cheap gears that fail within weeks . Sprinkler just stops going back and forth and stays in one position . Save your money & look for another sprinkler .
 Unlike the rest of this sprinkler 's components , the oscillating mechanism is not metal but plastic . The oscillating mechanism broke in about three hours time . I replaced it with another one and it also did not oscillate after a few hours . Save your money . I 've been through no less than 13 oscillating sprinklers . The only ones I could find had the same plastic oscillating mechanisms and all of them were returned because this mechanism would break almost immediately .
 I had to do some serious re-engineering own my worthless Melnor sprinkler . I sent Melnor photos of my fix and never got a reply or thank you from them . So , as far as I am concerned , Melnor sucks .
 I have 2 of these , probably bought at different times from local hardware store . The sturdy looking construction drew me in . The plastic oscillation assembly is actually pretty robust looking , but innards are apparently not up to snuff . One of them continues to work fine , but the other only travels in one direction and fails to rotate back after reaching the arc limiter .
 Like everyone else , it stopped oscillating after about a week . Avoid Melnor products like the plague unless you like wasting money .
 My complaint is that of many others . The sprinkler worked exactly as stated for a summer . This summer , it started sticking in one position . Now it does n't oscillate at all .
 I 'm so sad that the green metal Melnor I have that does work well does n't have a part number anywhere on it that I can find -LRB- adjustable , but not clicky like this silver one -RRB- . This one has three problems the other one did n't
 *** Updated review
 Has ample power for my system which includes
 I read so many good things about OCZ Power Supplies that I decided to buy one and try it for myself . One word , Disappointed . Yes , this beautiful looking and expensive piece of hardware crapped out on me shortly after being installed . If my memory serves me right , it lasted about 3 or 4 months . It used to be on a rig with the following specs
 Buyers beware - the product description on this product is very misleading , almost to the point of fraudulant . Here is an excerpt from the manufacturer : `` Product DescriptionGameXStream Power Supply -LRB- NVIDIA SLI-Ready -RRB- - 850 Watt SLI-ready , Active PFC , Internal 120mm fan . The SLI-Ready GameXStream 600/700/850 Watt power supplies are designed specifically for the demanding computing environments of PC Enthusiasts , Power Users , and Gamers . `` The manufacturer 's claim even goes as far as stating it is `` NVIDIA SLI-Ready '' . Based upon this , I bought the power supply for my pair of Nvidia 8800-GTX video cards . The problem is that you need FOUR PCI-E connectors to run two Nvidia 8800-GTX cards in SLI mode . This power supply only provides two PCI-E connectors.When I installed everything , I connected the two available connectors , one to each video card . The computer booted fine , so I ran Need for Speed
 Just like all the other reviews , my Sony CD player stopped working after using it approximately 20 times . The sound is great - but not when it does n't work . It too has eaten my CDs . I took it to a local shop to repair it . Cost $ 30 just to investigate and I never got an estimate to fix after 2 months in the shop.What a waste ! Do n't buy !
 Many people have reported that CDs can get stuck in the machine and a MECHA ERROR message is displayed . After which you can not play or eject any of the CDs in the unit . Sometimes unplugging the system and restarting it has helped get it working again , but , sooner or later , a CD will get stuck again . It 's a design flaw.Very frustrating !!
 I give it one star because the audio really is good . Unfortunately the CD player , as others have noted , sucks !!! I 've only had it 6 months and now it wo n't play my CD 's . Two places that I took it to for repair said it would cost more than the unit is worth to fix it , if they even could !! So if you are into MP3 it might be ok , but otherwise try a different brand .
 Quality in sound for the buck is what Sony is good for.When the CD player works , that is.If you have a lot of CD-Rs or you like CDs of any kind to play without skips or hesitations , do not buy Sony.I have already sworn never to buy another Sony CD player.I expect a CD to play consistently and without interuption.Sony seems to have skimped on this little engineering aspect .
 I bought this system used from a reputable dealer on Ebay . It was supposedly 8 mos old and in fine condition . After settingthe unit up with help from an electronics technician -- the Manual is very poor , undetailed and does not even include contact numbers or logins to reach Sony -- I got a big surprise . The CD -LRB- s -RRB- when fed in kept being spit out . We tried to geta CD to stay in . I tried many different CDs , all which playedwell on other boom boxes and systems . The CD would not beaccepted.I did not buy for MP3 use . The system looks better thandepicted . The radio sound was okay . I wanted a multi-playCD system . I had looked at the comparable Panasonic unitbut decided to go `` Sony . '' My experience with a top loadingPanasonic system was not good . The Sony does n't even take.I live near Orlando . The nearest service center is 140 mi.away . The vendor did not have the warranty . To send it back for service = $ 140 + shipping.A local serviceperson stated this was a `` throw-away '' item in that if it broke , the repairs were nearly impossible.I must throw it away . Sony ! Any suggestions ? The micro-chip -LRB- s -RRB- tied into the CD system is/are bad . Factory installed , go try finding any or fixing it .
 It was fine until one day about 7 months after I bought it the cd player stopped working due to a mechanical error and would not eject the 5 cd 's I had in there . I called `` support '' but because I did n't still have the receipt they were unable and unwilling to help me.Save yourself the frustration and buy something else . Anything else .
 I think about a week from today , this thing broke on me . I 've had it for about 4 months , and you guess it , the CD changer broke . I had a CD stuck in it , and it took me a long time for me to get it out . I eventually did . The radio and tape player still work , but the CD player is completely dead . I 'm returning it tomorrow hoping that 1 -RRB- it was just a malfunction that wo n't happen again and 2 -RRB- that the store will actually take it back for a new one . I hope this does n't happen again.UPDATE ON 12/20/04Well this is just fine and dandy . I have the stuff I need to return it including receipt -LRB- is that how you spell it ? -RRB- , but Wal-Mart is unwilling to help me . Sony said take it to the shop in Tucson . The shop was also unwilling to help and said it would cost $ 100 . HELLO THE WARRANTY IS ONE YEAR !!! They obviously do n't care and said it costs $ 20 to even look at it . Now , I 'm taking it to another repair shop called Martin 's something and it will only cost about half of the Sony repair . Gee , thanks Sony ! Thanks Wal-Mart ! I know I should have purchased the RCA at Best Buy . How silly of me .
 This unit has already died on me . It was n't the CD player as I feared , but the cassette player -- it just locked up at the end of a tape , which forced it to automatically shut off . So now whenever I turn it on , it turns itself off automatically after about 5 seconds , and my tape is still stuck inside !!! Tomorrow I 'm taking this back to the store , will exchange it for another one , hoping this was just a bad apple . Will definitely get the extended replacement service warranty ... I 'm spooked , now ! Never had anything die on me this fast before.Hope they 'll at least be able to dislodge my tape , too !
 We bought this television 10/29/03 ... exactly one year later it died . The screen is completely black and the sound chops in and out . I really would expect more out of Zenith . The pictured started to fail after it was about 10 months old ... squiggly lines on and off . Thank goodness we purchased the optional service plan . Otherwise , we would be stuck with the repairs . I 'm hoping this one is just a lemon . Otherwise , we will be having it repaird annually ... ridiculous !
 This TV has a horrible buzzing noise that you can hear constantly even with the volume turned up . Even when the TV is in the standby mode -LRB- no picture -RRB- you can hear the buzz . The only time it does n't is if you turn the set completely off . I would not recommend buying this TV and am sending it back .
 I own this card and recently started having problems . When I called Sandisk and they have no stock to replace these cards . I am pretty ticked off at Sandisk . They should be able to replace this card under the three year warranty . They want me to return it and they will replace it with a 1 GB memory card , which is worthless as I really need the wifi portion , not the memory.Buyer beware.Note added 3/21/06 ... I have to give credit to Sandisk , after repeatedly calling -LRB- for six months -RRB- and escalating the problem , I did get a replacement . THANK YOU SANDISK ! It was not the way it should have been in warranty position -LRB- 6 months into a 3 year warranty -RRB- . It was very much a hassle , but eventually worked out . Should hold me over until I purchase a new PDA with wireless built in . This is an excellent idea of combination unit , hope someone else picks up the idea .
 This Product does NOT work with Windows Mobile 2003 second edition ! No patches ... No help from SanDisk !
 DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A PALM ! Though it seems to be Palm 's fault for being uncooperative , there are no drivers yet available to make this sandisk product work iin a palm device .
 I bought this product after reading a review that stated that the drivers finally worked after performing the ROM upgrade from the Audiovox website . This is simply not true . While the ROM upgrade does fix/enhance other features of the Audiovox 6600 , it DOES NOT fix the driver issue with this product . After installing the driver and utility for the product , the wifi card is only recognized one out of every 30 -LRB- or so -RRB- soft resets and I was prompted to format the storage portion of the card most other times . No format ever completed successfully and the storage portion of the card was only accessible one out of every 15 -LRB- or so -RRB- soft resets . After calling SanDisk technical support and going over this issue with them , they stated that it is a known issue with their dual SDIO bus driver and they suggested that I return this product and purchase their other sd wifi card without the storage.I have read rumors in discussion threads that SanDisk is planning on releasing a driver that will actually work with Pocket PC 2003 Second Edition but I would not recommend purchasing this product until it is released .
 I did get this to work in one way or another . In ce 2002 the memory showed up but no WiFi . I upgraded to CE2003 and the WiFi works , but no memory . The reason I bought this was that J&R expressly said it worked on the 3955 . I am a bit disappointed that it is n't fully functional , but the WiFi works , so I guess I will keep it . I hope they update the drivers , but after talking to Sandisk , I am not holding my breath . They were n't too interested in helping me .
 I just purchased a garmin ique m5 and ordered the sandisk sd wifi card with 256 mb memory . I have n't used the sd card yet -LRB- still waiting for it to arrive -RRB- . I emailed sandisk to find out if this is compatible with garmin ique m5 , they replied and advised me not to use it because of driver issues . I do n't know what to do now with this card when I receive it , there 's no use for it .
 I purchased Navman PiN 100 Portable GPS Pocket PC Navigation System and I read here on Amazon that this would be perfect with the Navman . I purchased both from Amazon and to my dismay the Navman does not even recognize that I have inserted a disk.I did a lot of research on the internet and found others having the same problem , and some others saying it worked for them . I contacted Mio the company that makes the Navman hardware . Its the Mio Mitek 168 model and they replied in broken english that they can not help me and I should contact San Disk . This is a Chinese company that makes the Mio Mitek 168 that Navman uses to package its GPS.San Disk does not seem to care either . I still do n't know if its a hardware problem , a driver problem or some other problem since no one seems to know or care.As a consumer I am fedup with this and am returning this to Amazon . What a waste of time.Please see my review of Navman to hear my views on that .
 Sandisk will not refund your money . I purchased the card based on the table of compatabilities from their website . They said it was compatable with my PDA . After 3 days of trying to get it to work , I e-mailed Sandisk for help . They told me it was not compatable . I e-mailed them the table showing it was compatable and asked for return instructions . They refused to refund my money .
 Two stars for the idea of the product . But execution is lacking . After reading the reviews here , I checked the compatibilty chart on the Audiovox web site . And after verifying my device was listed , I ordered one . To my huge disappointment it would not work . Neither as a storage card nor a Wi-Fi card . I contacted SanDisk support and they said there were known problems with this card and the Audiovox 6600 , engineering was reviewing and that it `` may be '' pulled from the compatibility chart . A little Microsoft R&D there ? Ship it and then work out the bugs ? Anyway , if they ever get the issues resolved I will buy again . Combo card is the way to go .
 It not work on my hp 3955 . I was call HP 3 times , but I get the difference answer every time. , finally they told me the negative answer.And told me my PDA was out of guarantee , need to call the tech . support with charge . -LRB- $ $ $ -RRB- -LRB- They care about customer pay them only , do n't care about what is the customeron feeling -RRB- sandisk was give me the answer fast than HP . -LRB- it was not work on it card w/memory , but it was too late -RRB- Some one told we do n't check the website before we buy it , but it was hard to get the answer sometime.before I order it card , I was read the review from someone on amazon site to told , it was working on hp 3955 , but it was not !!
 Metal post sheared in half while tightening the hex nuts . I had no such problem with Radio Shack 's 274-0718 ; these are a lower quality knock-off . Additionally , the red is much darker than pictured and there is significantly less metal making contact under the thumbscrew .
 The first charger would not recognize the battery so it would not start the charging cycle . The second -LRB- replacement -RRB- charger recognized the battery presence immediately and started the charging cycle right away . After about 2 1/2 hours , the charging light indicated full charge . Tried the battery in the camera - took one picture and then the battery went dead . Tried charging again with same results - indication of full charge - snap 1 picture - dead battery . Returned for refund which was promptly received.I do n't know what the problem is , but I can not recommend this item .
 The product did not meet my expectations at all . First , the battery does not sit snuggly in the charger and had to be taped down to engage the prongs . Charging time is very slow . The charger indicated that the battery was ready for use -LRB- after hours in the charger -RRB- , but when I placed it in the camera , it discharged completely in less than 2 seconds ! Poor quality and performance all around .
 We have this printer at my office , actually the 4500DS but it looks exactly the same as this . Not sure what the differences may be . I HATE THIS PRINTER . No matter what I do , how many times I program every single aspect of it , what settings I choose when I send a job to print , it just does whatever it wants . I want it to print on the letterhead in tray one , it prints on the legal in tray three . I finally take the legal out of tray three and it wo n't print anything at all . So I put letterhead in tray three , and hope it prints out of tray one or three . But now it prints on the plain paper in tray two . I 've called IT up to look at it and they ca n't figure it out either . I waste so much time and paper with this stupid horrible machine . This printer is like the nightmare fax machine on Office Space . Do n't waste your money ; buy anything else .
 Did not performed as specified . When aux unit played AAIGM24 would repeatedly pause and restart . Merchant was prompt with refund ; no questions asked .
 I purchased the Blitzz Netwave Base II and 2 Blitz PCI wireless cards to hook up a wireless network between 3 systems . The base would be used on my Pentium 4 2.0 Gig on the second floor of my home . The other 2 PC 's are located on the 3rd floor -LRB- about 50 feet from the base -RRB- . I can not get a sufficient connection at that distance . I called Tech support and was told that the 3 systems must be within 25 feet of each other for proper connection . Unless your PC 's are in the next room on the same floor , I would not buy this product . All this aside ... the install was easy and setup was easy . I 'm returning mine and going to a wired network .
 the point of a wireless network is to be able to have a computer a decent distance -LRB- like upstairs -RRB- away from the acces point . This product WILL NOT DO THIS!DONT BUY THIS UNLESS YOU HAVE THE PCs IN THE SAME ROOM !
 I purchased it to use for my Linux box as online boards said it would work , not for any versions developed in the past 5 years at least . Too old to be used on any modern computer , I tried it with drivers off the internet and those included for my XP and it would not run . Also it caused too much interference with my Wii so I unplugged it and put it in a closet . I would only try this piece if I had a very old computer that I needed wireless on and not around my video games as the frequencies seem to be too close together for dual use .
 I ' t simple . I purchased two of these one for each computer . In under a year they began heating up and finally burned out . I did n't get a single response from customer service requests . &#60; br / &#62; It ` sa dud !!!!!!!
 I bought this under the impression that it worked with Linux and the Mac . Though it did n't say so on the box , a friend had one and the drivers for Linux , Mac , and Windows were on the disk . I worked on setting it up in Linux for 4 days to no avail . When I tried to set it up on my roommate 's G4 Powerbook I had many of the same problems as before . After 2 calls to IBlitzz , dealing with people who had n't a clue , I was told that my issue was given Level 2 status and that someone would contact me the next day . Today I got an email saying that the BWU613B is not supported on the Mac .
 This VCR has some great features - it 's inexpensive , can be programmed for recording 8 shows , and has excellent battery back-up during power outages . HOWEVER , this is a 4-head VCR , and it has much worse picture quality than my 2-head VCR from 1993 ! Since picture quality is THE most impt . thing , I am bummed that I have to return this and hope that a more expensive VCR will in fact be better quality .
 But it makes the most annoying clicky sound when it plays !!! It drives me nuts . `` tick tick tick '' when it plays , it is especially annoying in the parts of movies when it gets quiet ! I do n't really reccomend this VCR - even though it is nice looking !
 `` VCR + '' is included in the list of features -LRB- on this web site -RRB- for the GE VG4270 4-head hi-fi VCR . However , the `` GE VG4270 Four Head Hi-Fi Video Cassette Recorder '' which I bought on July 8 does not have VCR Plus . There is no mention of VCR Plus in the GE VG4270 User 's Guide , and VCR Plus does not appear on any of the GE VG4270 VCR 's menus.I had called the manufacturer -LRB- Thompson Conumer Electronics -RRB- for pre-purchase information , and they said that the GE VG4270 is not yet in Thomson Product Support 's computer . Thomson has manufactured GE models with VCR Plus , such as the GE VG4054 4-head VCR .
 These have failed to work for me in every item where I have tried to use them . The problem was that they did not make electrical contact with the metal springs inside the battery compartment . If you compare these adapters with a real D size battery , you will see that the typical real battery has much larger metal areas for the springs to touch.It 's a nice idea and I 'd love to find some adapters with a better design but these unfortunately fail the test . Buyer beware .
 Overall works great , but the bottom relies entirely on the width of the AA battery to make contact . So , if you have a flashlight or other device with a spring at the bottom , many are wider than the width of a AA battery and do n't make contact with the AA battery base . Some other AA to D converters have a plate on the bottom of the case to make it the width of a regular D battery that the bottom of the AA battery would contact , hence making good contact regardless of the contact method in the device you are using them in .
 Yes , a AA battery will fit inside this thing.No , a AA battery does n't last very long compared to a D cell battery.I bought one of these for a baby bouncy seat . AA batteries do n't last a day , when Ever-ready rechargable D cell batteries lasted a week or more.Not a product problem by any means , but the whole idea ends up being not so great.If you 've got something that takes D cell batteries , probably whoever designed it figured out the smaller , lighter , cheaper AA batteries would n't do the job . Do n't second guess the designer . Use real D cells .
 So it 's $ 6.99 for a single plastic shell ? Seriously?How many adapters come in a package ? One , as the product description seems to indicate ? Or four , as there are four adapters displayed in the picture ? Or two as one reviewer stated he received?Also , I seriously doubt that the weight of this package is `` 8 pounds '' as mentioned in the product description . Are these adapters , like , from the future ?
 They are physically squirrelly and may or may not work in the target device depending on weather they get a good seat .
 Yes , it technically works ; however , the design is so poor that you have to reseat the batteries about a dozen times to get them to line up and work.Also , the little snaps that hold the AA into the casing do n't fit well and some have already broken off . Friction is the only thing really keeping these together and working and that sometimes just is n't enough.I will try another brand next time . Perhaps they 're all like this though , I have no idea.Bottom line
 the bottom of the adapter uses the bottom of the battery , and is some devices what use a spring on the bottom of the adapter do not work because the spring slips into the area between the battery and battery adapter .
 I currently own an Etrex Legend . I use it for hunting , hiking and lots of Geocaching . I was excited to see a GPS you could download satellite images and areial photos on to . I bought this as an upgrade , and quickly learned why I usually do n't by first genereation products . The biggest problem with this unit is that you can not enter in way points onto the handheld . according to customer service you can do this with the software that comes with the unit . I did not try for a couple of reasons I will explain . I found it incomprehensible they would make a unit that I could not plot a course or set waypoints previous to going to the field with just the hanheld device . How I use a GPS is to do as much as possible in advance , and I do not always have computer access when using it . The other thing is the PC companion would not let me change the units to utm 's on the route planner . I want utm 's for my unit of choice , but I could not do this so any attempt at trying to figure out how to input and download waypoints is mute -LRB- it did n't look all that simple -RRB- . This is not an easy device to figure out , the base map is beyond bare . It shows just two roads in my area with all the map looking totally blank around me , it shows no small towns and is basically worthless . It does n't show service in the area only a few points of interest , just none in my area . Mey legend tells me what eateries are at the next exit as well as gas and hotels.Any maps or images you want to download is at a cost of $ 1.00 ea . this is not nearly as intuitive as the Legend is or other GPS units I have used . There are some positives about the unit I like the bigger screen and rubber armor , but for the money there are many time tested and proven GPS hand helds out there with sheaper and more accessible accessories , for now do n't waste your time and money .
 I have used this unit for a bit and find it to be designed for a simplier gps user . The use of a compass overlay on top of images -LRB- satellite or topo -RRB- provides an easy to understand location and path route . It does not have some of the advanced features of other units and the . It does have some unusual menu and button paths to reach normal gps features that most of us are used to having within easy `` reach '' . Buttons are a workout for your fingers to manipulate . Menus and screens use same button different ways depending on area.Computer software companion is very basic and not very well thought out . Software does function but you are on your own to sort out what is does.Documentation is getting better but still leaves out some nice to know facts and methods.Some of the technical issues I have read from early reviews of units seem to have been resolved with newer software releases . Perhaps future releases of software will continue to add features and improve the interface.I would not suggest this unit for an experienced GPS user . New GPS users who prefer the visual approach to an electronic guide might be happy with unit ?
 I just got this drive @ Fry 's today and it really has issues . I have Seagate 300GB SATA right now and I bought this 400GB as replacement . Running Vista Ultimate w / all updates , it ca n't be detected . I uninstalled 300GB drive and fresh installed OS on 400GB drive and it worked -LRB- took a while though . I tried seagate disk wizard to clone 300GB to 400 GB drive and errors ... ca n't read data on disk 2 -LRB- SG 400GB SATA -RRB- . Physically , the st3400633as -LRB- 400GB -RRB- is scorching hot compared to the Seagate 300GB SATA I am replacing . I thought maybe I got a defective unit that 's why I 'm on this site now , to check for other user 's expirience . And found someone w / same expirience . I 'm returning it .
 So I get it ... hardware is a tough issue . But after scouring the Seagate website and all the fluff ... there was NOTHING that indicated they 've seen my problem which is that the BIOS recognizes the drive correctly but Windoze XP ca n't see it . I installed a fresh version of Windows on an IDE drive just so I could get a UI but Windows is n't interested in the drive one bit . All the diagnostics just completely ignore the fact that the drive is there . Next time , it wo n't be Seagate .
 I did return this item . Very few features . . more importantlythis player skips at the slightest touch . Shop for another!Tom D.
 I have only had this item for a very short period of time and I have found two things that I really do n't like about it . First , it skips REALLY , REALLY easily . I have bought cheaper CD players for my daughters that work MUCH better than this . Second , the earphones that come with it have horrible sound . I plugged in another set that I had and it sounded a lot better . Therefore , the sound is good , but you have to have another set of earphones to hear it ... get ready to fork out a few more bucks ! My two cents ... these things have got really inexpensive lately , spend a few extra bucks and get a better one than this .
 THIS ITEM DOES NOT HAVE `` BASS BOOST '' !!! Also , the sound on this is NOT great . You 're better off spending a few more bucks for something of quality .
 This personal CD player is horrible . To begin with , it is not a Coby , it is an Audiovox . It 's not `` slim '' at all , as the description states . I 'm not one for extra features , but the abilities of this CD player are ridiculous . The cheap status screen shows only the track number . There 's no way of knowing how far into the track you are . In addition , you can only skip whole tracks ... apparently , Audiovox did n't think the ability to rewind and fast forward were necessary.I have n't had any problems with skipping , but the worst is the sound quality . The player transforms even the highest quality recordings into static junk . All of the music is incredibly dull and flat and sounds as if it 's coming from an analog record player . The playback has hiss and extra noise that should n't be there . Even with my expensive Sony headphones , the noise is still unbearable . Not to mention , there 's no way to adjust the treble , bass , or sound in any way -LRB- other than a master volume dial -RRB- . Do n't buy this . The features are cheap , the sound is horrible , and the product is a piece of junk . Audiovox clearly does not know how to make a quality CD player .
 I 'll admit , this radio looks neat , has decent sound for its size , and the FM reception is good . However , I could pull in virtually no AM stations without physically touching the antenna , and the stations I did get were not as clear as expected . In the photos of this product , the tuning knobs appear to be metallic , they are not . for $ 100 , I expected better .
 I found this radio - new in the box - at an antique store for $ 20 . It had obviously been an unused and unappreciated Christmas gift for I found bits of wrapping paper still taped to the bottom of the box and the contents had never even been removed from the plastic wrappings . One thing you wo n't find out about until you open the box is the HUGE external power supply that comes with this radio . No where is this behemoth mentioned in any of the descriptions I 've seen online . A sort-of `` wall wart '' type , it has a cord that plugs into the outlet and another cord that plugs into the radio itself . This power supply is quite unsightly -LRB- ie. , ` BUTT UGLY ' -RRB- , roughly a quarter the size of the whole radio and it is just something else you 'll have to make room for or try to hide somewhere . Of important note , since it is an external power supply , it consumes energy CONSTANTLY when plugged in - even with the radio switched off . Environmentally-conscious types will want to unplug the power supply from the wall outlet EACH and EVERY TIME the radio is n't in use.When I got it home and set it up , I was n't overwhelmed with the performance . FM reception was pretty good - although there was some bleed-over of strong stations all across the tuning range . AM performance is horrid - only a blowtorch station a few miles down the road came in strongly enough to over-ride the heavy and annoying background `` whoosh '' present througout the AM tuning range . Obviously , a noise reduction -LRB- squelch -RRB- circuit was overlooked by the engineers - but , if you tune it off-station , you will have a great white noise generator to help you sleep at night . There is no way to adjust tone - what it 's got is all you 'll get . Some may find it a bit bass heavy - but that 's not a big problem with me.So - for me - this was n't a bad deal for $ 20 ... . but I do pity those who forked over much more than that to get one . $ 100 is n't what it used to be - but it should buy a better-performing radio than this thing and there are plenty of other choices to better fill most needs.As for my title , the late Powel Crosley Jr. was the founder of the Crosley radio corporation in the early part of the 20th century . Often called the `` Henry Ford of Radio '' , his creed was good performance at an affordable price . I do dare to say that if he saw this over-priced , under-performing product bearing his name - he would indeed be spinning in his grave ...
 I bought this radio at Target for $ 59.99 -LRB- they sell the black color model only -RRB- . It has a good analog FM tuner and I like the retro look . However , the `` surround sound '' feature actually resulted in a somewhat muffled sound in our kitchen . But my major complaint is that there is way too much bass for listening to news , which is what I do most of the time -LRB- NPR -RRB- -- and there is no bass adjustment . It is probably a decent radio for listening to music , but for my purposes it was unacceptable . I returned it .
 This card is awful . I have a 3 megabit cable connection , however when using this card , I can only download files at about 20 kilobytes/second as opposed to 300 + on my other cards .
 I would highly recommend against purchasing this card . I have a wireless network with several clients and the machine with this card gives me the most grief . I have 2 problems with this card . I always randomly get disconnected and then the connection immediately comes back . Also the driver for this card has a pretty bad memory leak . I 've spoke with tech support about 3 months ago and the issue has still not been resolved .
 I was very disappointed with this product . I purchased it for my Handspring Visor because it was the fastest modem on the market . I could never get it to work . First of all , it was not made for the Visor , it was made for the Revo , so none of the instructions in the box helped me set it up . I followed the instructions on Psion 's web site , but after many more attempts , I was still unsucessful in connecting to my ISP . I even called Psion 's technical support hotline , but got nowhere . After trying to get this product to work for about a month , I sent it back and purchased a Thincom 33.6 modem -LRB- about the same price -RRB- and was able to connect immediately . I am not saying that this is a bad product , it most likely works fine with Psion 's PDAs , but , it is not a product that should be purchased for use with a Handspring Visor .
 Getting the modem setup and connected is easy . Holding your PocketPC 1 foot in front of the modem is a big pain . If you move away from the modem you will surely get disconnected .
 either the modem or my psion s5 is to blame
 This player died on me after only two months . Reading reviews elsewhere , I find that this is a far too common experience . After having replaced the defective Toshiba with a slightly more expensive Panasonic player -LRB- the S1 -RRB- , I now realize that the Toshiba 's image quality was also quite poor . Do n't buy this player - you can do far better elsewhere .
 Toshiba is a pretty BAD Brand
 The Toshiba SD-K740 is a pile of junk . Had this Toshiba DVD player for a few months and it just died . Tries to play commercial DVD 's but video out is bad and RGB signal is nonexistent.Save your $ $ $ and get something better . Or get the longest friggin ' add-on warranty you can , because you 're going to need it!I hate to bad rap a whole company , but Toshiba should n't have put their name on this turkey .
 Worked pretty well for about 6-9 months , then just died . What 's worse is that it 's got a dvd trapped inside of it that I 'll have to work to get out . I 'll never buy anything Toshiba again , they 're 0 for 2 on products I 've bought from them .
 It 's junk . Almost every movie hangs up . My last Toshiba was excellent but do n't bother with this one .
 I had this dvd player for 3 months and within every movie I watched it stopped and began all over again ! Do n't waste your money ! If it was possible to give something 0 stars I would DO EXACTLY THAT !
 They do n't back up their products as the tech service is non existent . No one answers the phone over there . And I 'm calling them locally!Beware of Sonnet stuff .
 I purchased this plug because I needed something with these exact dimensions for my Arduino . My nearby Radio Parts retailer sells a similar plug , but it 's 2.1 x 5.5 x 12.5 mm , which is 3mm longer than what I was looking for.Unfortunately , the item I received was also 12.5 mm long , which is why I 'm returning it . I like the flexible sleeve ; the octagonal sides look better than a circular plug ; but I do n't like how it sticks out when plugged in . Oh well .
 This was purchased to obtain the maps of the Appalachian National Scenic Trail . The AT is administrated and owned by the National Park Service , If so , then why is it not included in this map set?Had I known this I would not have purchased this set of CDs . The description did not indicate that that 2175 mile long trail was not included .
 I have had my etrex vista for three years now . The reception is extremely poor in any wooded area . Even if I could get reception , if there is sun light you can not read the display . If there is a clearing it works fine . Otherwise , it loses the signal and is not useful . Also , it have sent back to garmin twice , once within Warranty and the same issue the screen failed 6 months later . The cost out of warranty was 3/4 of a new garmin . I have found reading other people 's reviews this is a common problem . In summary , save your money and buy another brand with a better antenna .
 I am in the mlitary and the use of this GPS was solely in a field environment . I orginally purchased this product when I went to the National Training Center at Fort Irwin , CA . As a tank commander , I used it only when I was dismounted . There is no external antenna attachment so it was obviously useless inside the tank , even with the hatch open . A buddy of mine had a magellan in a Bradley and his worked and my Garmin did not . The next test was in Iraq . I deployed with 2/2 ACR out of Fort Polk , LA. . All we had was HMMWVs so I thought the Garmin would work great . To much disappointment , the etrex would not get a signal in the HMMWV unless I had it propped up in the window . Fortunately , I had a plugger and FBCB2 so it really was n't that big of a deal . The most usefulness was for marking UXO cluster bombs that had not exploded in civilian areas . I would mark the spot with a 10 digit coordinate and pass it on to the engineers . After about 6 months in the Iraq heat and extreme weather conditions , my screen started messing up . It had all these lines and I had to squeeze the sides so the screen would come into view again . It was very frustrating . I would not recommend this version for military personnel traveling in vehicles or needing something that is rugged .
 I ordered this GPS unit for a trip out west to several National Parks . I also ordered the very expensive National Parks West maps from Garmin . I downloaded the maps for several of the parks I was to visit , so that I would get detailed trail maps once I got there . Once at the North Rim of the Grand Canyon , I went to use my eTrex Vista with the `` detailed '' map and all I got was a rough location of the city I was near . Clearly the detailed map did not download properly , or when I entered map info for one park it overwrote the information I downloaded for other parks . The only park listed was the last park I downloaded and I never ended up going to that park , so my purchase was a complete waste of money . If you are completely incapable of reading a map , perhaps this unit can be of use to you driving down the road , of course it barely receives a signal from within a car , you have to get out and hold the unit if there are any trees or buildings around . The screen is also too small and not in color , and the batteries do n't last long enough . I have stock in Garmin , so I suppose I should not bad mouth them too much , but if I could return this unit to Amazon , I would .
 This is my first GPS and I really thought it would perform better . The signal acquisition was poor unless clear sky was found and the boot up took way too long . The screen is really too small to be very useful however when used with TOPO & Metro-guide a lot of information is available . Maybe I still need to work with it but the GPS location shows on the Satellite screen not on the Map page so you need to switch between the two . the Altimeter is based on air pressure but can be calibrated based on GPS ... Why not just use the GPS altimeter unless GPS is off . As for the Compass , forget it if any Iron is around -LRB- Car , train , ship ... -RRB- I purchased this for an Alaska trip and was less than thrilled . On the Plane I needed to hold it to the window and only occasionally got a lock , on a train I needed to be outside and on our cruise ship it only worked on the top deck . a full 360 degrees view of the sky was needed ... It lost signal when in a valley if there were tall mountains around . But It did work on the Jeep dashboard contrary to other reports . Maybe they have metallic windshield tint that causes a block signal . -LRB- Most GMs , Lexis , saturn , saab , etc. -RRB- But it did go everywhere as it fits into a pocket .
 It is a good receiver , but its operational system is too simple and slow to use . But for the price , it worths .
 I bought the Garmin etrex vista as a travel aid in case I get lost driving somewhere . The road maps that come in the unit are only of large streets . I bought a CD from mapsource -LRB- roads and recreation -RRB- which was supposed to enhance the etrex maps to give more detail . The problems are that the maps are 5-10 years old . The cord that connects the etrex to the computer is a 9 pin -LRB- female -RRB- connector which required numerous trips to a local computer store in order to buy adaptors . Paper maps are more detailed , up to date and far cheaper than the gps which is what I should have stayed with .
 I had this GPS device for only 3 days and found it to be no better than mediocre.Although at one point I was able to track 6 WAAS satellites and the display claimed accuracy to 17 feet , while driving along a straight road for 5.5 miles , it indicated that I was traveling approximately 350 feet to the side of the road . On two occasions on this straight road , it said I actually crossed the road and traveled on the opposite side.I conducted a test by placing the unit where it would have an unobstructed view of the sky for 1 hour and leave it motionless . The trip computer reported that it had moved nearly a quarter-mile during that hour . I checked the accuracy at 15-minute intervals and it was constantly reporting accuracy between 12-24 feet.The base maps are crude and inaccurate - a major 4-lane road -LRB- Hwy 7 -RRB- in Tacoma , WA stops at 38th street . Really ?!? If I drive down Hwy 7 , it goes a couple of miles farther than the unit shows.While using the compass you must hold the unit level in order to obtain accurate readings - understandable . There is even a little message that tells you to hold it level if you are off a little - nice . I tried and tried to find `` level '' according to the unit and after about 3 or 4 minutes was able to determine where `` level '' was . It was nowhere close to actual level . Now , if I am trying to navigate with the unit 's compass while it is mounted to my bike , there is no way it is going to be level and accurate.At 5.3 ounces , it does n't even pass off as a good paperweight.Fortunately I was able to return it to the seller with no problems for a full refund -LRB- Thank you REI ! -RRB- . I found out that Wal-Mart . com sells the unit for 50 bucks less than REI after I bought it though.Recommendation
 Garmin 's devices are pretty good . Somewhat tempermental , but mostly reliable . It 's connecting their software and dealing with Garmin support that is a nightmare . And , you will need to call them because their software has all kinds of bugs and an archaic key system . Customer service hold time
 I purchased Magellan MAP 330X two years ago . That one was working really fine . But because its design was not as cute as I would expect , I sold it off eBay one year ago . Then I was searching for a replacement one , and it was found to be Garmin eTrex Vista . So I purchased it and used it during the 2002 Christmas vacation in California . To my much disappointment , it is really quite inferior to MAP330 . The only reason I bought it was it it looks cute , easy to fit my pocket . However , on technically side , there are many problems . After making painfully decision , I decide to sell it and buy back the MAP300 again.First , Garmin 's GPS does not come with the detailed city maps , which is sold separately for $ 99 + . It is quite expensive . Magellan 's city map comes with MAP330X . -LRB- Garmin 's GPS is already sold higher than comparable Magellan 's -RRB- . Second , Vista 's map on the screen is not floating . For example , if the street name is `` Main St. '' , and the first two character `` Ma '' is happened to be cutoff on the left side , the screen only displays `` in St. '' . Very bad , is n't it ? MAP330X 's text names are floating to fit in the screen . Third , very very bad , Vista is very slow and difficult to lock the satellite signals . And once it does lock , it is quite easy to get lost -LRB- see other reviews for any Magellan GPS -RRB- . This is the main problem that makes me abandon it finally , even though I like its stylish design so much . Fourth , once it lost the satellite signals , it displays the message on the bottom of all screens and just will not go , which blocks the necessary information -LRB- such as elevator , distance , street name , etc. -RRB- that I will like to see even though the signal is off . Fifth , it is quite difficult to navigate the map to left , right , up or down . In MAP330X , you just move the cursor , using one hand only , can do it , whileas same functionality in Vista needs two steps and needs two hands . It is not likely to do it during driving . Sixth , although Vista outside design is quite cute , its button locations are very bad . It is very difficult to manipulate them using one hand during the driving . You may say it is not supposed to use it during driving . But using it during driving , so what , it is just a quite look on the screen , just like drinking an soda or eat a bite of McDonald . It does not cause any problem when using probably . Plus , it is only useful during the driving when one needs to figure out if he/she is in the right direction on highway , or if miss an exit , and how far it is needed to get the destination . Without the proper use of it with one hand , you bet how many people will be buying a GPS . Seventh , when Vista is first turned on , it locks the screen to scan the satellite frequencies -LRB- which is already quite long compared with MAP330X -RRB- and does not allow you to go to any other screen further . This is also very bad feature . Sometime I just want to see the map of last location , I do n't really need to track the current location ; or I just want to setup configurations , why should I have to wait the satellite signal ? There 're also other major issues such as not showing what 's the version number of the firmware , how much memory is left , what kind of external map is loaded , etc.In this deflationary world , I make purchase carefully on high-tech gadgets . I understand the prices will drop quickly . So if I do buy it , I really expect to own it and consider the money is discarded . If a company does not provide a good product , it can not expect to sell it too many , because nowadays there 're on-line auction and trading sites everywhere . If a customer does not like the product generally after using it , he/she will sell it , say , at eBay . Therefore , the used ones get circulated again and again in the secondary trading market , making the new ones difficult to be mass sold .
 As you can see I purchased this on 08/14/2006 . My problem is a couple days ago while using this GPS a blue streak apperded about 1/2 '' x 2 '' . It still works but I ca n`t read the screen so what good is it ? What can you do about it . Please reply or foward to customer service to correct the problem . Thank You James D Rang Jr
 I have had the misfortune of buying this product , I would not suggest it to ANYONE , you could toss your money out the window and get more of a benefit . The problem is this , Garmin , however may make great GPS hardware , there software ... , Real bad ! whn = en you buy a Garmin GPS , you MUST use there software , if you do not , you will not have any information as to where you are . The ... is that there software is VERY expensive , and DOSNT EVEN WORK ! I bought the Mapsource Metroguide USA for about ... and then I tried to install it , I selected the region I needed on my PC and I got a prompt to insert `` disk 0 '' asking for some file I DID NOT HAVE , I didnt even have that disk ! I have written Garmin about this , and have not yet heard back from them . Weather they fix my problem or not is not the issue , the point is if I were in your shoes , I would go with some other product ! Good luck
 This incredible gadget has so many features it makes you feel like you 're a member of the Enterprise crew . It also has enough menus and screens to leave even hardcore electronic gadget junkie satisfied . Yet , it has one shortcoming - it does n't work half the time under real life conditions . Perhaps if you are in an open desert or a similar terrain it is reliable , but even with light tree cover -LRB- 20-25 % -RRB- or hills nearby it sadly reports `` weak signal '' and can not calculate your position . To me , all the other features are an icing on the cake , but without being able to fulfill its primary mission , it becomes but an expensive electronic paperweight .
 Very simple . If you are looking to be in wide open spaces , then this is a nice unit . If you will be hunting , fishing , hiking , or anything else which would require you to go into a forested area , then you need to look somewhere else . Maybe look to a Garmin GPS V.
 I 've always used Garmin 's , I 've owned the II + since it first came out and messed around with the 12XL & IV . Back in 2003 I bit the bullet and went for the vista because I thought it would be cool to `` see '' the map on the screen . Well after three years of use I 've found that I 'd rather know where I am than see graphics on the screen . I still use the vista but not for hiking or 4WDing , signal lock under trees is just not good enough . I 'm going to get another Garmin because I 'm so familiar with the interface but I 've learnt my lesson , I 'll get a model which accepts an external aerial . Your experiences may differ .
 Just used my new Vista for the first time this weekend in the Rockies , where you can easily need a working/accurate GPS.The system gave me weak signal notes almost all weekend . I was just a mile or two off HWY 24 ? Not many trees . Even lower quality further in the mountains just west of Pikes Peak ? Ok , I have been around , I will try to figure if it is me , but I have used GPS before and this does not seem right.Luckily , I always terrain navigate with 1:24 K maps I produce from Natl Geo , so a non-functioning GPS is not a big deal , just thought it could help . Hey , maybe I do not need a GPS ?? For about $ 0.40 I can print my own maps .
 We have had our GPS for 3 years and actually used it on few occasions which is why we were surprised when we took it out the last time that it wo n't function . It errors when loading / starting up . I have talked with Garmin who had me reload the Firmware -LRB- 3 times -RRB- and change the batteries -LRB- twice -RRB- but it still wo n't function . They say it passes its own internal diagnostics but it wo n't work . For the price we paid with as little use as it has gotten and the price we paid for all of the maps I highly suggest you look for another MFG of GPS 's !
 The display is dim & hard to see/read . Back light is not very bright . Tried replacing batteries -LRB- twice -RRB- still no improvement in the display . Returned the unit one day after receiving .
 I purchased the Garmin eTrex Vista for grouse hunting in Michigan . It constantly lost signal which made my route very hard to see . I would not recommend this GPS . I have a four year old Garmin that works much better .
 This is a nice unit with a very crisp , high resolution display and a good interface given its compact size . The case and the controls seem very sturdy . I chose it over the competing Magellan models for these reasons.The 24 Mb of memory is more than enough to store an entire metropolitan area ; in fact , I generally can fit about two metro areas . Transfer rates are slow via the serial interface and the MapSource software is a little clunky , but adequate.The software features are comprehensive . I have owned the unit for about 6 months and am still discovering new features and shortcuts.Unfortunately , I can only give the product 2 stars overall . This is because the one thing the unit does not do well is receive GPS signals . Given the fact that it is allegedly a `` GPS receiver '' , this is a major shortcoming . I had hoped to use the unit as a sophisticated pedometer / navigation device for outdoor running , and as a cheap nav system in my car.My experience has been that it will not receive signals in the car unless held pressed to the glass , or better yet , outside a window which is down . It also does not seem to receive signals when in its carrying case , making it useless except when carried in the hand . It will not receive signals when under trees , near buildings , or under cloudy skies . In order to use it , I generally need to take it in my hand , walk around slowly with my arm upraised in the clearest area I can find , and wait 1-2 minutes to get a satellite lock.The unit is nice overall , with many features over the competing Magellan models . However , without the ability to receive GPS signals reliably , it might as well be a paper weight .
 This is a solid unit loaded with features . Some people will find the design of the unit , which is made to be held in the left hand , awkward to master . -LRB- I was told by Garman this was done because if you were hiking with it in your right hand and fell , you would be most likely to try to use your right hand to break your fall - and the gps would be crushed . -RRB- Clearly the major failing of this unit is that the interal antenna is only marginal , and it has no provision to add an external antenna . A big problem if you plan to use the unit anywhere there are lots of tall buildings , a moderate tree canopy , or in the car.A frustrating limitation to an otherwise excellent unit.Because of the limited antenna , my expereince is that it will often loose your track , which will make the units calculation of average speed , and your path , innacurate . -LRB- If the unit looses satelite reception , it will simply assume a direct line from the last reception point to when the reception is receieved again.I should note that because of the hampered antenna reception , you are often forced to walk with the unit in your hand , with the antenna pointing up , to maintain satelite reception , as opposed to clipping the unit on your belt.It does have a hunger for batteries - particularly if you use the backlit display . I always travel with an extra set.Again , a solid unit - hampered by a poor antenna . If you are looking at this unit , I 'd suggest looking at the GSMAP76S instead.It has the features of the Visa with an external antenna port .
 I received my Vista about two weeks ago and was excited to get it . After playing with the unit for about 30 minutes I was unable to get a satalite signal . Finally after I got in the middle of the field it picked up on 3 satalites . Thinking that this was a setup thing , proceeded to use the unit trailriding , in the car , walking around . Was pretty disappointed in the reception in all three places , satalite signal was being lost and accuired . One of the biggest disadvantages was if you have to turn on the unit close to trees it ca n't find a signal , even if the trees are 30 yards away and only 20 feet high and your standing in a opening . Now other than reception this unit does have an easy to use interface with some really cool features like the altitude , time stopped , average speed etc. . But to top off the review I think for the money this unit is not worth it . Garmin needs to rethink there reception issue big time . I sent the unit back and looking for a better one .
 I bought this unit a couple of years ago based on its features , but soon discovered that it ca n't normally do the one thing that all GPSs should , tell you where you are . I used my e-Trex Vista for about a year and half and would estimate that I spent 10 % to 15 % of the time staring at some type of lost signal message . The unit is totally useless under any type of tree cover and often has trouble holding a signal anywhere on overcast days , which means about half the time in the Seattle area where I live . I would not recommend this unit to anyone but my worst enemy .
 This expensive -LRB- for gps units -RRB- includes the PC Cable but DOES NOT include the ability to comunicate with your PC . After waiting 17 minutes for customer service I was told that I had to purchase a $ 29 software to be able to download my waypoints to my computer . I do n't need extra maps - I only want to download my waypoints.In the waypoint view - over half of the display is the flag symbol and the co-ordinates are so small as to be practically useless in the field.This is my fifth Garmin product and in the past have been happy with the performance . I give this a 1 as it is little better than a $ 99 unit .
 I bought this for when we go trail riding on our ATVs . Although I have used GPS systems before , I am new to the eTrex . I rated it so low for a number of reasons.The Compass is useless , unless you hold it at the exact required angle it will not read correctly . While this might work if you are hiking , it is not going to work on an ATV.The supplied Map Software is useless . I could not even find my own street ! It lacks detail , it lacks road names , it lacks place names , it is totally lacking and a waste of time.The GPS itself is very sensitive to location/environment . It barely works on the second floor of our house . It barely works in our car . It works well when outside with a clear view of the sky.I was unable to set any useable waypoints using the eTrex itself but did manage to set a couple using the supplied software.The only function that I liked and that seemed to work well is the Trip Computer.Overall , very very disappointing considering Garmin 's reputation . I will be returning it and will try something else .
 It turned on great but took about twenty mins to find anything . then when it did i had me about 2 miles from town . i was in the middle of town , not two miles . Not happy : -LRB-
 This garmin does not work properly . It would have been nice to know that it was set up for a mac computer . So that part is useless to me . The garmin itself goes off for no reason . In short it does n't work !
 Everything about the Etrex works ; right up to the point the screen fails . And this did not just happen to me , it also happened to two friends of mine . Bottom line I have owned several Garmin products and been quite pleased but the Etrex is not reliable .
 I bought this unit to track my path in the woods in Western North Carolina and regrettably the unit will not pick up signal with dense leaves over head , for that matter if there are any leaves over head . When Garin says you need a clear , unobstructed view of sky it really means it . I had to hike till there was a clear unobstructed view of the sky to receive a signal strong enough to find my current location but could not plot my path nor will the unit work in a belt carrying case and hold signal . I tried freash batteries and another unit but same results . The signal is also very weak in the car . It is possible that the mountain ranges were to blame but really ! I would not recommend this unit for anyone who will not have a completely unobstructed view of the sky and car roofs seem to matter . The Garmin GPS MAP 75 has a better antenna so I would consider this unit over any of the eTrex units which all use the same antenna . I hope this helps Brian .
 I 've owned the original eTrex , two different eTrex Legends , and the new high-sensitivity Venture HC . This Legend adds some functionality to the old -LRB- basic -RRB- eTrex such as basic maps and longer waypoint names , but is obsolete when compared to Garmin 's new high sensitivity eTrex models.The problem I have had with both my eTrex Legends is signal acquisition . Both Legends have had a problem acquiring and keeping signal even in wide open places with a perfect view of the sky . At times , it simply refuses to find any satellite at all . At first , I thought I had a faulty unit . But my second Legend has the exact same problem . More than once I 've had the Legend fail me at a crucial time when I really needed it to work . It 's pretty frustrating.Overall , this has been a device that is great in concept , but pretty disappointing in reality . I would strongly recommend skipping this unit and buying the new eTrex Venture HC with the high sensitivity receiver . The HC has great signal performance , even in rough terrain . It has a color screen , basemap , long name support , and sells for about the same price . I think you 'll find the difference in performance to be night and day .
 Amazon had this item priced at $ 134.99 for several months , then on the week of 9/20 it shot up to $ 169.99 , $ 157 on 9/29 , $ 146 on 10/1 and as I 'm writing this -LRB- on 10/27 -RRB- the price is $ 144.94 . Unfortunately Amazon does not have a policy where you can get credit if something you buy from them goes on sales for a lower price within 30 days -LRB- like most brick and mortar stores do -RRB- . My husband bought this for me as a gift on 9/23 and paid a hefty $ 169 . Plus I had to spend an extra $ 100 for the software . The Legend basemap does n't have detailed street maps , it just shows major streets and highways . So I ended up buying the Mapsource Metroguide North America Version 6 . -LRB- Amazon does n't stock version 6 yet but they have version 5 -RRB- . This software cost anywhere from $ 80 on up , depending if you go to Ebay or an online retailer.Besides having to buy the extra software , the Legend is a decent GPS unit . I just do n't think the pricing was fair .
 This product basically does what it claims . That is about it . Any maps you may want are EXTRA . There are ZERO maps inlcuded . The ones native to the device are so high level as to be useless on a practical basis.The device chews up batteries so fast as to be practically useless on long trips UNLESS you are willing to tote around tons of AA batteries.It is currently RS-232 Serial ONLY . There are also no plans for Bluetooth support . Furthermore , there are NO plans to offer a direct USB interface.If you want use a Garmin on a Mac , then you are on your own . Garmin support explicitly stated they have NO plans to support Mac interfaces.If you want to do Bluetooth AND MAC , the only product available is DeLorme . However , it is not a standalone handheld device . You will need a Palm or other handheld pocketPC device or laptop to view your way.The GPS device market is way behind the times , and you will have to put up with it . Believe me , I spent a LONG time investigating the products on the market . They are expensive , all have various compatibility and wiring interface issues.If you do not have a business need with a good expense budget for all the extra software and expensive proprietary wiring needed to make the device useful , I would definately pass on this device.Bryan Grantbryan_grant@runbox.com
 Not very accurate . Mine reads less than 50 % accurate in an open area at 200 yards from the mark . The customer service is not very helpful , but they do a good job of explaining why the trinket errors and that it can not be improved upon . I have mine for sale if anyone is interested . It is in a drawer in my garage .
 Pros : If you live in the tree barren , Mojave Desert plains on a sunny , cloudless day , with a clear view of the sky , then this unit operates acceptably . If you live in space with an unobstructed view of all the global positioning satellites , then this unit operates just fine . If you are in space , docked directly to three global positioning satellites then this unit operates flawlessly.Real World
 I purchased my Garmin eTrex Legend about two years ago and it has been a love/hate relationship ever since . I am not a clumsy person by any means , but it seems like everytime I touch this unit it breaks . At the begining of a two-day hiking trip , it fell off the tailgate of my truck and wiped out the LCD screen . Externally , the unit was fine , but the shock damaged the display crystal . So I roamed around for two days without it . I returned the unit to Garmin for repair ; $ 99 later it was good to go , or so I thought . While canoeing in the Ozarks , I had the eTrek attached to my life vest . The waterproof rating states that it can take up to one meter for 30 minutes - hardly ! My canoe capsized and the eTrex was toast before I ever made it to shore . The electonics eventually dried out and the unit started working again - after my trip was over ! I could send it back for a $ 99 repair -LRB- again -RRB- but I think I will buy one of the Magellan Explorist models with USB connectivity . A word of advice - do n't buy any GPS unit that uses a serial port -LRB- RS232 -RRB- connection . They are painfully slow during transfer .
 My family and I were extremely disappointed Chistmas morning '04 when we realized the Pacific basemap was installed on our Garmin eTrex Legend 8 MB GPS with PC Cable purchased through Amazon . The maps were of China , etc. . We live in the US and the Amazon description claims that the Americas basemap is installed . Not necessarily so !
 I bought my etrex Legend nearly 3 months ago now . I was told by the store where I bought it that I could borrow someone 's mapsource cd and easily download the local charts . Untrue !!! First of all , some versions of mapsource wo n't work with this unit . I found this out the 2nd time I mailed it back to garmin saying I dare you to download the charts . The first time they insisted the unit was fine , but sent me another one . Second of all , the mapsource cd require a $ 116 charge for each region , and the regions are quite small . I live near the split of 2 regions , so I would have to pay $ 232 to access charts for areas within an easy daysail . And third , the customer support is very slow . Calls generally start with a 30 - 60 minute hold period . I kept running out of batteries while trying to program the unit with tech support coaching . And the error messages on the unit and the mapsource cd do n't agree . The unit would say transferring data , and the computer would say no memory , insert card . What card ? Another call to tech support ... 3 months now and the unit is on it 's way back to me from Garmin . I 've been asking for a refund for about 6 weeks now . They wo n't grant one and they wo n't return my reciept so I can attempt one from the store.Buy a Magellan!Anybody want to buy mine off me ?
 I bought my Legend and used it moderately for about a year -LRB- I 've changed the batteries 15 + times -RRB- and took good care of the unit when I used it . It was a great GPS . But one day I turned it on and the screen was flickering and all messed up . I immediately emailed Garmin . They were very nice and prompt but informed me that if it was more than a year since the purchase date , it could be sent in for repair for $ 99 . It was a few months past a year , and since the original cost $ 152 , it did n't make much sense to send it in . So now I have a GPS that I ca n't use . I have n't purchased another Garmin product .
 The Etrex Legend appears to have been designed by engineers without user feedback . Operation is counterintuitive . Processing speed is slow . It is virtually worthless for automobile navigation without the optional MapSource data -- and this data is so ancient the street where I live is n't even included . My street was constructed nine years ago!If you like to read operation manuals , you 'll enjoy this product because the controls are truly bizarre . You 'll find , for example , that a single button serves as both the on-off switch and the backlight switch . Buttons with up and down arrows do n't let you scroll through the tiny-hard-to-read menus -- these button are used to zoom-in and zoom-out on the map page and adjust the screen contrast on the satellite page . Dual function buttons are a hallmark of this product . A button marked with a magnifying glass icon has nothing to do with zooming ! The controls are simply counterintuitive . You will need to read the manual just to learn how to turn-off the unit . I 'm sorry Garmin , but it should n't be that complicated.Processing speed is slow . It seems to take forever to locate enough satellites to navigate . When I transferred MapSource data to the unit , that took a whopping 1 hr . 47 minutes.The highway and street information packaged with the Etrex Legend contains only major highways . The roads it included in this area were limited to 4-lane highways.I had to purchase the MapSource data just to make the Etrex Legend at all useable for automobile navigation . The MapSource product is not inexpensive , and it sucks . As noted earlier , it does not even include the street where I live and this road was constructed nine years ago . In my local area , it lists maybe 1 of 5 gas stations and about 1 of 10 restaurants . MapSource is a shoddy product that Garmin should be ashamed to put their name on . It 's a real rip-off . The Etrex Legend might be able to let boaters locate a harbor or help a hiker return to his starting point , but it 's a real bust for automobile navigation . And no matter what the application , the unusual controls and hard-to-read screen are challenging . I received this GPS receiver as a gift . Frankly , it 's going in a drawer and I 'm going to buy another product . And definitely not anything from Garmin .
 This is a nice compact unit with pretty blue plastic and a lanyard so you can hand it on your neck . That 's the end of the positives.The big , really big , negative is that this thing has such poor sensitivity that unless you live in the desert and no bird or plane ever fles over you , you will have problems getting it to work because it will not find satellite signals.OK , mild exageration . I live in mid-Michigan and it actually has found enough satelites to work if there was nothing above it . However , the moment you go under a tree , any tree , you will lose your signal and you will not get it back until you move out from under the tree . I think that if you put your hand over the Etrex Legend you will lose your signal.This thing is well named because a legend is often a myth and not based on fact . It is certainly a myth that the Etrex Legend is a useable GPS.Garmin should be deeply ashamed for selling such junk .
 This product is consistently being advertised as having a high degree of accuracy because it is WAAS-compatible . It is not.Quite some time ago , the WAAS satellite protocol was changed . Garmin has not updated the firmware for the etrex Legend , and since that time , having WAAS compatibility enabled will cause this unit to lock up after 15-40 minutes of usage . This information is directly from Garmin tech support.Since the change occurred quite some time ago , and it is a relatively simple fix , I can only conclude that Garmin has no intent of upgrading this product.DO NOT BUY THIS IF YOU WANT WAAS-LEVEL ACCURACY . ADVERTISING THIS PRODUCT AS BEING WAAS-COMPATIBLE IS FALSE AND MISLEADING .
 Aside from the relatively poor sensitivity of this unit -LRB- it really needs a clear view of the sky to be reliable -RRB- , I found that the screen on my unit occasionally went blank when reception was poor and WAAS was turned on . The screen would stay frozen and the only way to unfreeze it was to pull the batteries out and restart the unit . I was told by Garmin tech support that I needed a software upgrade , even though my unit was less than a year old . Unfortunately the cable supplied with the unit did n't mate with my 2 yr . old Toshiba laptop , so now I 'm supposed to go out and buy an adapter . Garmin refused to take the unit back and update the software at their factory . I do n't have much confidence that the software upgrade will fix the problem , so I do n't think I 'm going to try it . I 'll probably just have to run it with WAAS disabled , which is a major disappointment .
 Very disappointing unit and I returned it immediately to purchase a a Garmin GPSMAP 60 . The eTrex would not acquire * any * satellites in a wooded area in winter , no foliage . Seemed fine otherwise , but I do n't think it should be marketed as a trail model . The GPSMAP 60 is super though , great sattellite acquisition and features , but costs a good bit more .
 I tried both the Garmin eTrex Legend and the Garmin eTrex Legend Hcx . I also did a lot of online research and talking to veteran GPS users . I came to the conclusion that the manufacturers are trying to create a low-end market in GPS units -LRB- around $ 100 -RRB- but at that price they can not make a reasonably functional product . The most important feature of a GPS is to obtain satellite reception . If it ca n't do that , it 's worthless.The eTrex Legend has spotty satellite reception at best . You have to be in a wide , clear area for it to work and will have to wait 10 minutes holding perfectly still holding the unit out at arm 's length to get and hold a lock . Even people standing nearby will interfere with satellite reception . Even under perfect conditions , you are lucky to get 3 satellites or more -LRB- you need at least 3 to establish position -RRB- . And forget about using it in a car.On the other hand , the eTrex Legend Hcx -LRB- with high sensitivity receiver -RRB- works extremely well and I 've been very happy with it . My advice is that , if you try to buy a GPS at the low end of the price scale , you 'll just be frustrated and will have wasted $ 100 . If you 're in for a penny , you might as well be in for $ 200 and get something that works . Get a unit with high sensitivity receiver . It costs more but it 's the only way to get your money 's worth.Also beware that if you buy a mapping GPS , the manufacturers get their markup on the proprietary map software they sell you . The preloaded base maps are virtually worthless . So figure on another couple of hundred bucks for maps . Be prepared to invest $ 300 - $ 400 . If not , might as well save your money .
 When I opened it I foud it had a serial port connection . Unfortunately my laptop was not built in 1991 so it only had USB ports . Garmin will sell you an adapter , for $ 60 .
 I purchased the Garmin eTrex Legend and the Garmin MetroGuide USA software addon to use connected to my notebook computer . The connecting cable only connects to a serial port -LRB- and mine , like so many new notebooks -RRB- does n't have a serial port . I purchased a serial - > USB cable and was able to connect . However the Garmin product will only search COM ports 1-4 and most Serial - > USB cables will install on COM5 and above.The eTrex Legend has a very limited installed map . . it correctly finds my town but does n't have a clue about streets within the town . So I purchased the add-on Metroguide USA software that is supposed to install a more detailed map into the eTrex . However , the software would n't install . I kept asking for an unlock certificate that contains an unlock code to open up the maps . I contacted their technical support and was told , `` You are looking for something that does not come with the software that you purchased . The MapSource Metroguide software does not have to be unlocked to use . '' If this is the case , why does this software keep asking me for an unlock code whenever I try to use it and wo n't work without it . I concluded that not only did the eTrex Legend leave much to be desired , so did the software , and most assuredly , the technical support does n't have a clue.I returned the product to Amazon and purchased a 1 `` Magellan Meridian Color Traveler '' . It costs more , but all the features it contains you have to pay extra to Garmin to get , so the end result is about the same . And thise one is in color!I wrote the technical support back and said , `` Antagonizing your customers is not good for business . You loose , Buckwheat ! ''
 this unit is too much to handle . my older garmin etrex vista was much easier to use and the maps weere preloaded.using this unit makes me sick .
 Not big enough to store data , can take only 4 large cites!It 's a waste of money . First GPS we 've owned . The joystick is a little tricky for new GPS and takes some getting used to.Very sorry we bought it , first time GPS customers , if you want something for your car buy the bigger models and not the portables . We were trying to save a little dough and ended up with something we ca n't use.Buyer beware and get your data before buying a GPS .
 I am sure that this is a fine unit , IF you own a PC and can load the supplemental maps available for it , HOWEVER , the cable that comes with it is a serial cable , not a USB cable . A USB adaptor is available , for an outrageous , additional , cost , but if you use a Mac , you are still out in the cold , the mapping software is not available in any Mac version , making this , for a the Mac user , little more than an expensive key chain . I am returning mine .
 I bought this unit -LRB- from `` anonymous bigstore '' -RRB- , and the salesman did not have the knowledge or the courtesy to mention that it was already obsolete . When I got it home and took it out of the box , I discovered -LRB- 1 -RRB- that on a clear day , on a hilltop , with no obstacles anywhere , it could not locate satellites
 I bought an Etrex legend 4 years ago , for the last 18 months I 've had intermittent problems with it not working.Now it 's dead.Negatives : Not very durableVery poor reception under tree cover , Magellan is better here.Bare bones map , for a good map you pay $ 100 more.Minimum memory , only 8 MB , so if you do buy the map , you can only puta small portion in at any given time.Comes with a serial cable , most USB to serial adapters do n't workso if you do n't have a serial port you have a problem.If you 're using it for geocaching , you ca n't mark which ones have beenfound.Also the screen shows the gc.com GCxxxxx code which is n't helpful.You need to have a PDA or paper printout of all the caches preparedahead of timeDrilling down thru the menus to get to the trip computer page is a pain if there are several caches nearby & you 'd like to see some info on each of them.After 5 + years Garmin should improve the features , they have done nothing .
 It 's not about the GPS , or that it only holds 8MB 's of memory -LRB- not a stick upgradable option but built in # , or it only locks onto a satellite if U R standing still in the middle of a foot-ball field , BUT most computers today come with ONE # 9 female pin # serial-port plug/outlet for PC to a major/vital peripheral hook-up or 4 get your printer/scanner or fax and use it for your GPS hook up and buy their map disks at $ 100 + ea . But do n't buy them ALL or your memory would have to be in the GB 's range ! If U have a PC with any peripherals like a printer that ONLY port is USED so no luck d/l-ing Garmin software . Most newer PC 's come with several USB 2.0 ports , or a cheap hub turns 1 USB outlet into many outlets/inputs , so why is Garmin selling a GPS kit for around $ 130 with the ONLY way to get Jack from your PC is thru a SP connector ? If U want a USB that works to d/l maps think around paying $ 60 more for this
 I would invest your cash in something other than this unit if you plan on having reliable data and coverage . This poor little GPS works only if you are out in an open field with no cloud cover . I originally purchased the unit to do a bit of geocaching , but quickly learned that it was of no use in wooded areas ... at all.I thought I would give it a second chance and take it trail running and it proved to be another fail . On my last run it only tracked me for 11 feet before losing the signal under trees and picked nothing else up on for the entire 6 mile run -LRB- I did happen to pass through an open field too -RRB- . I now run with myGarmin n&uuml;viin my bag it works a ton better although a bit larger.A redeeming feature , when it does actually get reception , is the ease of downloading the . GPX data . I actually purchased a USB adapter cable for the data cable that came with it separately .
 I 've had this GPS unit for about a year and have found it to be completely useless . It works fine on a clear day with no clouds in the sky in an open field , but other than that it 's no good at all . And even on a clear day , it only works if you hold it . Forget about sticking it in a backpack.I previously owned a Magellen of a similar price which worked great -LRB- until I busted it climbing up the side of a waterfall -RRB- but the Magellen contained no ability to upload or download maps or waypoints , so I was looking forward to this unit 's additional features . The unit comes with a serial port cable so an additional converter cable is necessary for anyone who owns a computer constructed in this century , but as a Mac user , I 've found that to be a completely useless feature even with the USB cable adaptor .
 This is a toy , not to be confused with a real GPS device to be used in any situation where it would realisticly be depended upon for direction or location . It consistently could not reliably pick up the signals in little or no cloud cover in Banff National Park even near peaks on a recent trip , and is useless with any substantial cloudcover . It also has cumbersome , slow software that is anything but logical . It 's a waste of money and not a serious instrument .
 I bought the eTrex Legend three years ago to replace an older model that I passed on to my son . The price was right and it came with Garmen 's software , a car lighter power cable and a protective case . A big improvement was the ability to run the unit off of the car 's DC power while driving toward the final location and then run off of battery while on foot . However , I did notice that it seemed to be less capable of getting a good signal and would frequently bounce all over the place in the woods . Now it has a propensity to lock up after a few minutes of usage . I 've read from earlier postings that this has something to do with outdated WAAS protocols . Clearly if this is not something that Garmen has fixed in the firmware , the product will be useless . I found that the only way to unlock the unit was to remove the battery cover and pull out a battery and replace it . Sometimes the `` reboot '' and reacquire process takes a longer period of time than the unit will function before locking up again . I am now looking for another replacement , hopefully one that will make it easier to go paperless .
 I do n't understand why this item is priced $ 80.00 more than anywhere else I 've found it . You might as well not even carry it . It 's a disservice to your customers . Target usually has good prices , and I do a lot of shopping there .
 I DO N'T like this product.To me , a serious mountaineer , this GPS is not good at all . Here is the reason : -LRB- 1 -RRB- First time I see this , I feel very uncomfortable . It looks like a toy . In my first impression , it is not durable and accurate . -LRB- 2 -RRB- After I do more research , I found out that Garmin Legend is made in Taiwan , compare to Magellan which is made in Japan . It is the main reason for me not to buy Garmin . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Accuracy . Garmin Legend uses 3 satellites at a time to find out your location . Magellan can use up to 6 satellites at a time to calculate your location . Then , you know why Magellan is more accurate than Garmin . -LRB- 4 -RRB- For a mountaineer , Garmin Legend is too small to control . In the winter , I have to ware glove . How can I use the `` Smart '' click stick ? This stick is a big mistake . Garmin is going to change it , too . This stick is on the left-hand side , I can not use it with my right hand . Also , this stick can not last long . Imagine , if you twist a eraser , how long do you take to brake it ? This stick is made of rubber , same material used to make a eraser .
 I have mixed feelings about this unit . The software is friendly and it 's not too expensive -LRB- I had a $ 50 rebate coupon -RRB- . Unfortunately it really struggles to pick up a signal when there are trees overhead . This is particularly true if you hang the unit from your neck . Putting it under a shirt so it does n't bounce around helps some -LRB- as does holding it flat in your palm -RRB- . The Garmin folks tell me the same receiving antenna is in all eTrex models . I 'm not ready to scrap it but I have been tempted from time to time .
 This should n't even be for sale in 2011 . It 's 8MB memory is too small for the new Garmin software . Unless you can find the old Garmin software , you should pass on this . Even then , it is grossly overpriced for 2011 .
 I bought this unit for Geocaching . I have grown tired and frustrated of losing satellite signal under any sort of tree cover . We are finally decided to sell it for a better unit .
 When setting up the Legend I dropped on the kitchen linoleum floor . Instant crack and big dark spot on the screen . Can only see the bottom half . Have sent 2 messages to the company requesting service with no response as yet . Not sturdy at all . Probably worth the money for a better system with some sort of guarantee of sturdiness . Worst part is I bought this for my husband for Christmas and was setting it up for him . He at least opened before I broke it ...
 I am not a GPS guru or a geocaching fan . I bought the Garmin eTrex to help me to roughly map out real estate coordinates.I know other folks really love the eTrex , but I did not . The reception was much poorer than I was expecting for a middle-of-the-road unit . In the car , forget about it -- terrible reception.I returned my eTrex within a day after purchasing it . Instead , I think that I 'll be purchasing a higher end unit from Magellan.As a newb , I found the user interface okay , but not great . The control stick is a nice touch .
 For nearly 4 years and over 50 countries I had a Magellan Explorist 210 . Except for maps , it was very good . I literally always knew my direction , speed and location . I lost it the mountains of Argentina . The Garmin ETrex Legend looks a little fancier , and it has a better -LRB- not great -RRB- map , but literally everything else is harder to use or inferior.The obvious first fault is that it does n't find salelites quickly . When it does find them , it seems to need 5 or -LRB- usually -RRB- more to find your location . Then nearby buildings , trees , mountains , tent ceilings , and more just shut it down , with a large prompt saying that it was out of satelite range . This prompt blocks much of the screen , making your map nearly worthless . Trying to regain satelites can often take forever . Even on a regular bike trail with few trees , I can not get a good use of the odometer , as the breadcrumbs would look like dashes . Additionally , when I have not moved the GPS for minutes , I keep getting changes in location and especially altitude.Other concerns are labeling the POIs . Very often when one pushes the save , it does not accept it ... a real pain at an intersection while driving . It also only allows about 9 letters/numbers for a description of your POI ... not enough . Then it gives such a variety of markers -LRB- i.e. park , church , etc , etc -RRB- , that one can spend minutes finding the most suitable one . The screen is also smaller and harder to read than the Explorist . There are many other complaints . Keeping it short , I strongly recommend that you not buy a Garmin Legend !
 The interface is nice , and the built-in maps are better than I expected -LRB- in and around Seattle , WA -RRB- . However , the Legend is n't very good at telling you where you are . Getting a reading consists of a -RRB- finding a clearing , b -RRB- holding the receiver at arm 's length away from your body , c -RRB- holding it parallel to the ground , and d -RRB- praying that it finds satellites . The Magellan SporTrak that got after my first miserable Legend experience had no problems holding satellite lock on the same trails , regardless of tree cover . The next day , I got my money back on the Garmin .
 i was given this as a present to use in my car while traveling . this is definitely NOT what it was designed for since it requires close attention to a very small screen . there are also additional costs associated with owning this unit . first , you must purchase maps to upload into the unit and they can be expensive . second , you may have to purchase a cable to connect the unit to the computer -LRB- they do not supply a USB connection so i had to purchase an adapter -RRB- . the cost of the adapter from garmin is 2 to 3 times the cost of other manufacturers . in the end , this `` present '' cost me well over $ 120 and is n't really satisfactory for car use unless you have someone with you to operate the unit .
 Bought my e-Trek Legend in March 2002 for geocaching ; initially it did ok , tracked well but lost signal often when under leafcover in the woods . Started noticing power shutoff problems when first turning it on ; thought it was the battery connection , I 'm beginning now to think it was poor/thin soldering in the manufacture . Now the click stick will only work in two of four directions . For what I paid for it , and as little as I used it , I doubt if I 'll replace it with another Garmin e-Trek , they just do n't seem substantial enough for hiking -LRB- to think , I cradled that thing like a baby in the woods , being careful with it ! -RRB- .
 This thing may have been an awesome GPS once , but that was a long time ago . If you 're thinking of buying an older model , basic GPS it might be helpful to know how far things have come . Talking to another owner of one of these things , we had a good laugh while we traded notes.This thing eats batteries.Not moving , with a clear , open view of the sky , in a new location , this thing will sometimes eat a set of batteries and still not get a position fix . You will quickly learn not to stop and wait for the thing to get a fix no matter how lost you are . Using the GPS requires day-before planning.If you walk under a tree , it 'll likely lose its signal -- and not pick it up again . I 've been navigating strange cities , losing my signal when I walked under a tree , then tried to stand in the middle of the road as long as I could , late at night , between bursts of passing cars , hoping it would pick up its signal again . -LRB- Pittsburgh was kind to me despite my behavior . -RRB- If you somehow manage to load a route onto the thing , which requires cranky command line utilities , or worse , their software running on some long since discontinued version of Windows , on hardware with a serial port , you wo n't be able to see it . On the black and white screen , route lines are little dashes drawn in black over black solid lines indicating roads . I found myself trying to zoom in and out over and over again so I could catch a glimpse of the screen at the right moment during its redraw process that I could see the route but not the roads under it . It does n't work . The only thing that does work is zooming out so far that it does n't draw the roads that the route you 've marked up is on . This assumes that you marked up routes along routes . I was trying to use this thing for road biking . If you do that , then good luck trying to actually catch your turn . You 'll be zooming out to figure out if you 're on the route , then zooming back in to try to figure out if you missed your turn . Over and over and over again . But the special serial cable that slides into the back of the thing just has some loose metal tabs sticking out that are supposed to press against contacts on the back of the thing but really just get stuck and rip off , so even with a cranky command line app and a serial port , you wo n't be able to upload routes that you ca n't actually see onto the thing.Did I say maps ? Because it does n't come with any road maps . It has two megs of flash memory built in . I used that to stick most of the OpenStreetMaps data for Phoenix onto the thing . Unless I 'm in Phoenix , there are only major state highways and Interstates , plus coast lines .
 I happened to purchase this unit in late Sept 2004 and found the unit to have electronic switch defect -LRB- the LCD would not switch off with the remote controller and regular screen display would disappear and change into a rotating color screens of red , blue and green.I got a replacement unit -LRB- from the US distributor ; so called reboxed unit , said to be a new unit but with a broken box -RRB- which had the same electronic defect.Then I was told this model had been discontinued -LRB- probably because of the electronic defect -RRB- and one month later , I was forced to take a cheaper LCD substitue N3000W which has display problem of its own . See my review on N3000W.If you plan to purchase this unit from any vendor , make sure you can return it for full refund . Do not send the unit to the US distributor in CA for replacement unit . You will not get any . The US distributor would not give you any refund .
 Well , after one day of getting water on my Garmin ... it stopped working . Everything was sealed and locked up tight , but it got mosture inside the screen and stopped working > : -LSB-
 The eTrex Venture was purchased to replace a much older Garmin unit that was lost at the airport . The Venture is a disappointment in every respect . The tiny pushbuttons have a mushy feel , are difficult to work , and do not function in a reliable , consistent manner , making it IMPOSSIBLE to select certain items from the main menu . I use a wide variety of handheld electronic devices on a daily basis , but this Garmin is by far the most ergonomically inferior device that I have ever encountered . The cumbersome user interface is designed to maximize frustration and aggravation . At times , I was tempted to hurl this shoddily constructed piece of junk off the nearest cliff . I also need a device that is capable of constantly displaying lat-long in dd.mm.ss format , but this device falls far short of the mark . It 's a poorly designed piece of equipment that was designed for maximum cheapness . The engineers who designed it should resign and go into a completely different line of work . Boy oh boy , Garmin has really declined over the years . I 'll never buy another Garmin product again .
 This was a mild disappointment . It is the second Garmin product that fails me , I also owned a Pilot II , whose firmware at some point lost its marbles , and now it displays only some pages and refuses to get a GPS fix.The Venture had , almost from the beginning , a problem with the display , which flickered and became alternatively all black or white , or lost some horizontal lines , creating a nice `` blinds '' effect.The problem normally went away by moderate slapping . But it is not a nice start.Second point
 I purchased this unit for $ 36 and have found absolutely no use for it ! The problem is that the advertisement I read made it sound like this would work with the Creative Zen Vision W. Bottom line -- it wo n't ! I am sure that it works just dandy with a regular Creative Zen . My only suggestion ; buyer beware !
 Bought this TV on sale , but it has been one long headache . As another reviewer has reported , the TV has a very noisy power box which sounds like a loud whirring ... I , also , called the company to complain , and they said they would send another box . A week later , they sent another of the same box . After calling the company , they had no advice . They realize that this is a design flaw , and have taken this TV off the market and discontinued it . So those who bought it , on sale , got stuck with something Viewsonic knew was a lemon . The noise is so loud at times , that you can hardly hear the TV . I will be returning the TV , but am very upset about Viewsonic 's knowingly selling these off , discontinuing them , and leaving no recourse . I will be forced to buy a more expensive TV from a major manufacturer .
 I have had this thing 2 days . A loud fan noise was emitting from the TV . After calling Viewsonic customer service they explained it was coming from the power supply , and yes , it is very noisy . They had no remedy , The power supply is integrated into the power cord . I cut a hole into the back of a very substantial dresser we have it in and it still sounds like the heater in the house is on . The odd part of this is they do not use this in the 20 inch TV beneath it or the 30 inch TV above it . I suspect they have a serious design problem and are well aware of it . When I asked what would happen if the fan clogs from dust , failure or otherwise , the tech explained he `` doubted '' it would overheat enough to cause a serious problem . Rather it would just cause a failure to the transformer . Which after a year could be a serious problem . Both for safety and cost . At least if it fails it would be so quiet in the house you would probabky know it.The remote on this -LRB- we think -RRB- is also defective . They are sending another to determine if it is that or the tuner . All in all this looks to be a real problem now and in the future . If you do n't mind the sound of a turbine fan or the possibility of overheating causing a failure in who knows what then this might be for you . It is not for me and I am going to take steps to relieve myself of it .
 I bought this TV a week ago and I liked the looks , price etc. etc. . It worked fine with my computer , cable and the regular coax antenna . The problem started when I conneted it my DVD player through component input . I have a good DVD , which shows crystal clear on my CRT . But when I playe the same movie on the same DVD and cables , this TV just does n't work.The acknowledgements at the begining of the movie had some text on a white background - the whole image was scrambled - no clue of text or anything . Whenever there was something bright or shiny the screen flickers/scrambles in that area.Worst was when I swithced on the subtitles , whenever there were two lines of text , the image will get skewed and scrambled in the subtitle area.For this problem I had my TV exchanged , but unfortunately the second one which I got was a returned set for some reason -LRB- the only available at the store -RRB- . I was assured that this did n't had any problem but sure it had the same problem and was worse in some cases.I am surprised how two different sets can have the same problem . Has someone experienced this ... or can suggest a solution . . ` cos the same DVD , player and the cables work perfectly with my CRT .
 I purchased this model 3yrs ago for Xmas 2004 when it was the latest technoloy.My 1st unit stopped working after 2 months and only after a significant amount of aggrivation with customer support it was replaced under warrantee by viewsonic BUT ONLY with a rebuilt unit and I had to ship mine back to them in California first -LRB- good thing I had the box -RRB- . Now that it is almost 3yrs old it will not turn on at all and the high voltage board is burnt out & not worth fixing . A product like this should last well beyond 3yrs . I certainly feel cheated and victimized . DO NOT BUY THIS ITEM AT ANY PRICE . If I could I would rate this one negative 100 . It also goes without saying that this model is now obsolete and there are much more advanced lcd hdtv out there w / better resolution , better contrast and HDMI connectivity .
 The `` PC Connectivity '' of this monitor is a joke . I wanted to get an immediate refund . Windows XP is NOT compatible with this sleek hi tech monster . All I could eventually get was HUGE type that was still blurry . BUY A TV MONITOR , NOT THIS MESS.It would make a nice TV as it is portable and seems to pick up vibrant and bright color . Frankly , the Sharp Aquos series is far better -- it 's a really beautiful set and picture . It does NOT claim any PC ability . At least Sharp is honest .
 After reading many reviews about these headphones I thought it would be worth it . When I first tried them on they were comfortable , but the sound was not that impressive . Everyone talks about the `` Bass '' on these things like it was one of the best , they are WRONG . I had some Sony MDR v700 's and the bass on those are better . These headphones sound like they put $ 15 earbuds inside a some padding . I was very disappointed at the sound quality and am now regreting selling my Sony MDR v700 's . These heaphones worth this price , if they were $ 30 then it would be a good deal .
 Before buying this product I did a very thorough research , and it turned out that the 2623 had the best and most features in its class . What the reviews do not tell you though , is how the product performs in a variety of environments and for a prolonged time . And here is where the disappointment kicks in.Setting up the router was very simple . My configuration is a Thinkpad T21/Win 2000/Cisco Wireless 340 . The router performed decently for about 1 week . I had two problems
 Initially , this appears to be an interesting device
 Initially , this appears to be an interesting device
 I just buy that product , as I thought siemens have name in the Broadband technology , but after installing it , i get very unexpected result . I used netgear wireless card , install it very easily , but after working sometime , it stop responding . first I thought that there is problem in network card , i remove the drivers re-install it , reboot my laptop , but didnt work , i place my laptop adjacent to the siemens AP but no use . Then i reboot the AP and wow , its worked , but after some time , it again stop responnding . the next thing i did i return it back , now looking for something else !
 Setup was simple . Range was good . That 's where it ends.I bought this thing because CNET gave it their prestigious `` Editor 's Choice '' award . I 'll never make that mistake again . Go ahead and read personal reviews there after this and you will see that I 'm not alone.DO NOT BUY THIS ROUTER.It kept randomly dropping the connection , requiring a reboot to get it working again . It gets really old rebooting the router 5 times per day , trust me.Tech support will blame everything except the router . Do n't bother calling them.This is a very common problem with this router . The guys at COMP USA said that they have had a lot of them returned for the same reason.Don ' t waste any more time . Go buy the Netgear wireless router , and cards for that matter -LRB- especially if you 're running Win XP -RRB- . My system is working flawlessly now . I could n't be happier .
 I just purchased your firewire iBOT webcam , and I 'm very unhappy that I have to pay more for OSX support.OSX is no longer new . How do you get away with selling a product and then charging more to make it usable with current system software ??? OS9 is OLD !!!! Wake up !!! Not only that , i ca n't even download the required drivers ... I have to have them shipped at my time and expense . WEAK !!! WAKE UP!I am also a PC user ... this is the last Orange Micro product I will buy .
 I bought the iBot Web Cam for my Mac , and it was not what I expected . First of all you ca n't disconnect the firewire cable in order to add a longer cable . Second you need to be in a well lit area , other wise the camera display is very poor . The worst part about the whole thing is the customer service I received from Orange Micro , I will never shop for the products again .
 I do not recommed this product to anyone looking for a web cam . Not only was the product bad , but the customer service was non existent .
 This camera is supposed to be great with the MAC , but I have a problem that the manufacturer -LRB- Orange Micro -RRB- can not fix . They say they have a `` few '' complaints , but can not get the problem duplicated . Now I will probably have to fight with the retailer -LRB- not Amazon -RRB- that I bought it from to return it .
 I saw that case on someone else 's laptop , and thought it 'd be the best thing to protect the computer from getting dirty , from scratches . It 's actually the best product I have seen around to do that , but unfortunately even at such a high price as $ 40 , it 's been constructed cheaply . Here you are the 2 major problems I have found : - The case is basically 2-3mm -LRB- millimeter -RRB- thick and cover almost all the outside of the laptop . It comes in 2 pieces one for the bottom and one for the top -LRB- the screen -RRB- . The bottom comes comes around in the back where the hinge is , but stops to enable the opening of the computer . The screen opening depends on the gap b/w the screen and the bottom part of the computer . That speck case reduces the gap , meaning it reduces the opening of the screen . This is very incovenient when using your laptop while lounging with your laptop on your lap ... one of the reasons why you might have a laptop , is to be able to use it everywhere you want . This is clearly a problem and worries me as over time this could potentially add too much pressure on the hinge . I hope a better design will come with this . - The construction problem , comes also from the hinge area . The same part where the screen extreme bottom-left & bottom-right side hit the bottom part of the speck case . But this time it happens when opening the computer , the screen part of the case catches on the bottom part pushing it down to the point where it could break . This again poses a problem on the computer hinge itself , adding too much pressure on a very sensitive part of a very expensive computer.I hope others wo n't have that problem , but I will be reporting this to speck . Hopefully they can improve the design for what in the first place is a very good idea .
 This is my second Speck case , as I loved my first one . I dropped my 15 inch mac book pro and that case broke -LRB- better than my mac book -RRB- . Anyway , the peripheral slots on the left side are perfect , but not on the right side . Since I do n't use the peripheral slots on the right , it 's not a big deal , but if I do need to use them , I 'd have to take the case off . I purchased it for $ 20.00 , so I 'm ok with it , but if/when I do use the peripherals on the right side , I wo n't be happy . I 'm very happy with the red color ... my last one was green and I liked that as well .
 Basically , you get for what you paid for
 This product is misrepresented as a 640x480 resolution camera when in fact the packaging says 352x288 . This may be a good camera - but if you are looking for a 640x480 , this is NOT it .
 I bought this unit because the reviews I 'd seen online suggested it had the best picture out there . The picture is good enough -LRB- though I have n't yet tried to play older LP tapes -RRB- , but I 'm not sure it 's worth buying . The only feature -LRB- not counting head quality and the like -RRB- that it has over my 10-year-old Hitachi is VCR Plus + , which requires a lot of setup to remap the stations to local cable services . Compared to the old Hitachi , the features are generally harder to use and the menus are just as clunky . Unlike the Hitachi , this unit can not be set to display the current time if a tape is loaded , and its timer display options are surprisingly sparse.Worst of all is the internal clock . The time must be accurate for any programmed recording to work correctly , whether that be a VCR Plus + recording or a manually-entered one . In theory , this unit automatically checks its time against a broadcast time signal whenever it is turned off . However , despite numerous attempts to use the auto-time setup , it never did find a time signal on my cable service . It may be that there is none , despite the two good PBS stations in my area ; setting the clock manually is not all that difficult . However , the clock * loses time * . In my latest check , it lost 21secs over 7 days . This is not a great amount of time at once , but over the course of a full season it will play havoc with program recording.The customer service people were very friendly , but since I am able to read the simplistic manual , they were useless , as their `` technical support '' seems to consist of people reading the manual to callers and trying to find five different ways of telling the caller to try the same thing . In several calls , and speaking to several people in each call , I did not once get connected to a person with any degree of actual technical knowledge . The unit is warranted on parts for one year but only 90 days for service , so I was told that to get my unit `` fixed '' I would have to pay $ 59 and they would give me a refurbished replacement . -LRB- I neglected to see if asking for the `` resident geek '' might have gotten me someone more helpful . -RRB- Their website is a textbook example of uselessness - its idea of a FAQ is to enter the `` troubleshooting '' options from the manual as if they are real questions . The `` knowledge base '' is n't any such thing.It 's a shame . This unit has a lot of promise , but it does n't quite deliver . The support just is n't there . If you do elect to purchase it , compare the time to a neutral source -LRB- such as the Weather Channel -RRB- at least once a week . It 's a good enough performer , with a good picture , but do be careful .
 I have bought much audio , video , and other gear over the years . I run a recording studio , and I edit video for a living . This VCR is in my living room , though ... this is NOT part of a studio , just home use.This VCR is a piece of junk when it comes to playing VHS tapes . Tapes are hit and miss . I just recently purchased a brand new tape which wo n't play properly at all , manually adjusting the tracking does n't work either . BRAND NEW tape.I thought it was the heads , I thought it was defective tapes , until one by one tapes would n't work , or maybe they 'd work for a little while and then stop tracking properly.The worst part is it took me until the unit was out of warranty to realize it was the VCR and not the tapes , due to the fact that it 's rarely used in this era of DVDs.I have been a user of Sony gear for a long time , both their professional gear and their consumer gear ... and honestly , if they care so little about their customers to release a product THIS bad I 'm going to think twice next time . It does n't matter that it 's a cheap VCR , it STILL should play prerecorded tapes . There is NO excuse.At the very least , DO NOT buy this VCR . I understand some people do n't have problems , and I respect that , but there are enough negative reviews here to give you pause . BUY another brand .
 The unit is a little over one year old . Realistically used about three dozen times in that span because it is in our den and we have other units in other rooms we typically watch TV in . At about nine months old the video playback became awful
 it stopped working after two weeks . i threw it out . a lesson learned
 I bought this VCR at Circuit City and returned it two days later . The unit is really beautiful out of the box and looked good next to DVD recorder/player . I purchased the Sony VCR to transfer tapes to DVD discs . Trouble is , with its `` 19-micron '' head , the Sony unit can not play a lot of tapes , even prerecorded ones . The manual says that it can not play some LP tapes recorded on VCRs of other manufacturers , but I had trouble finding any tape of mine that it would play . Even manual tracking could not fix the problem . I took it back to Circuit City .
 Look out - this card is for older versions of Windows only , not Windows XP . Although it 's not obvious from the main page for this product on Amazon , Amazon is selling a 2001 version of the Siemens SpeedStream PCMIA 10/100 Ethernet Card -LRB- SS1012 -RRB- . As a result , there is no driver for Windows XP included . If you go to the Siemens website , you learn that there IS NO DRIVER for Windows XP for this product . Siemens later came out with a different version of the SS1012 , and that different version does have a Windows XP driver . But for this older version sold by Amazon , only the earlier versions of Windows are supported . Wish I 'd known that before I ordered this .
 For some reason , I 've always felt attracted to LaCie 's products . I 'm not sure why exactly . But my 250GB d2 Firewire drive just crashed . Its clicking and knocking when it starts up . There was no warning or prior indication suggesting that I be ready for trouble . Filled up with DV Media -LRB- filled up with around 8GB remaining -RRB- , I 'm now going to have to start redigitizing hours and hours of footage . This drive is not my only drive on the chain ; the others are different brands and sizes.The reason I 'm writing though is to confess , that the ONLY other hard drive -LRB- internal or external of any size and type -RRB- I have EVER go down on me , was another LaCie d2 hard drive ... full of the data I make my living with.I do n't know if its that the LaCie products just look cool , or that I respect their brave development of larger and larger drives , or maybe its just that their company feels so familiar , but for some reason I forgot how painful that first hard drive failure was . But tonight , I 'm sitting here feeling it again ; trying every utility there is -LRB- Norton , Disk Warrior , TechTool Pro 4 -RRB- , hoping that repairing is possible , and that if so , it will take less time than redigitizing.So , if you 're out there , like I was , and you 're thinking about buying another LaCie hard drive for reasons you 're not exactly sure of ... REMEMBER ! -LRB- ok , this is really just a note to myself , in case I forget again -RRB-
 There is no doubt that this is one sexy product . The problem is what you do n't see from the outside . The hard drive is good when it is working , but like others have said ... once it goes down , that 's it.I bought the 1st generation 80gb version , and it is now reduced to a clicking piece of crap that does not work . Not to mention it being full of all my AV work that i do for a living . Most of it was luckly backed up , but others have not been so lucky.Can ' t give it 1 star because it served me well for a couple of years , but longevity is not one of Lacie 's strong areas .
 I purchased this product a month ago , does not work at all . Technical support was horrible , I finally decided to return it .
 The product claims to be plug and play . While my computer recognized the new hardware immediately and the drivers were installed , I could not get the product to work . A call to the manufacturer yielded no results as they indicated it was probably a computer problem . I have since purchased a D-Link USB DSB-650TX ethernet adapter and installed with no problems . While the cost was higher , I 'm up and running . That 's worth the extra $ $ to me
 I looked at the detailed product specifications and it said this product was backward compatible with PC100 as the title PC133/100 implies . This product did not work in a PC100 computer as another review also states . The company did not respond to two emails about the issue .
 I ordered 2 sticks of memory -LRB- 512 MB -RRB- for my Dell Dimension 2300 to try to increase its performance . The installation for memory sticks is pretty simple and they appeared to be new and in good condition . After installing I rebooted the computer , but before it was fully rebooted , all power was shut off . I started the computer multiple times with the same results . I tried switching the positions of the sticks , placing only one stick , and using one of the new sticks with the old sticks ... same results . I had a local tech come by to give me his opinion . He believes that either they 're defective or noncompatible and should be returned . He also said that I should probably go with a more trusted memory maker like Crucial or PNY . I 've reinstalled the old sticks and have no problem with the computer turning off . I 've contacted Buy.com about getting an RMA for returning the items ... We 'll see .
 I have a Celeron 800MHz in a motherboard that supports PC100 -LRB- 100MHz -RRB- and this memories where not recognized.So , check with your PC manufacturer before buying this product .
 I had my reservations about buying an eMachine , they have a terrible reputation for both quality and customer service . Unfortunately , I went against my better judgement and decided to buy the T1400 . It seems like a good PC for the money and it is as long as there are no problems . Within a month ours started to randomly reset without warning , it did n't matter what you were doinf it would just reset . I called eMachines and they sent out a new power supply -LRB- apparently a bad power supply is a common problem with eMachines ... -RRB- . After the new power supply was installed the same problems started again , the resetting has become worse and we have progressed to the point where it will turn off and wo n't restart for at least 30 minutes . Emachines will repair it under their warranty but I have been told it would take anywhere between 5 weeks -LRB- the eMachine estimate -RRB- to at least 10 weeks -LRB- employees at both Circuit City and CompUSA told me to expect a long wait of at least ten weeks ... -RRB- . Now I will not have a PC for at least five weeks ... I think I 'll send it in for repairs and sell it when it comes back . I 'll never again buy an eMachine , do n't trust anyone who tells you they 're better than their past reputation .
 I have my MP3 player and card reader hooked up to this hub and it suckes . I have to restart my computer most of the time to get it to work . It basically freezes up if you leave your computer on .
 I 'm no computer newbie . As a computer professional I was looking to buy a cheap , easy router to hook up . This proved to be quite the opposite . Slow , unresponsive firmware , coupled with ineffective and ignorant service = major frustration.This is the worst product you can buy for such a simple task.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT
 Bearing in mind that I really just wanted a basic point-and-shoot camera , I have to say that I did n't think this camera delivered all that it was supposed to . I ran some test rolls of 400 -LRB- manufacturer-recommended speed -RRB- and was n't happy with the results -- blurry backgrounds when I was n't using focus lock on the foreground , and washed-out colors -LRB- which might be the film , but might be the camera -RRB- . Also , I wish I had listened a little more to the reviewer who mentioned how the moving red focus boxes in the viewfinder `` freaked '' his wife out . I was also bothered by the moving focus boxes , could n't figure out what they were telling me , and just wanted to take a good picture . The final blow
 I purchased this camera after extensively reading the online reviews here and elsewhere . Everyone seemed to love this camera . It did take `` decent '' photos , however , it was poorly constructed , the `` automatic scene recognition system '' freaked out my wife who could not tell what the camera was doing . She ended up ignoring the flashing red lights in the view finder . They were quite distracting.The camera does not remember its settings after being turned off and then on again.The built-in flash turned black after only a few months of use.Finally , we took it on a hike , my wife had it in her hand , and lost her balance . Barely tapped it -LRB- with her hand reciving most of the blow -RRB- on the ground . Now it wo n't turn off and the lens shutter wo n't close.It is a basically a pile of trash now , and not worth the $ 188 that we paid for it.I 'll think twice before believing on-line reviews and/or before buying another Minolta .
 my olympus c-5000 died exactly a year and 10 days after owning it . I didnt use it that much and it worked fine , but when i started using it alot about 2 weeks ago , the thing died and when i charged the battery it still didnt work , then i gave it one more try and it started beeping loudly and i smelt burning rubber coming from my camera ! it fried after about a year of owning . never buying olympus again
 The IR remote doesnt work . Everything else is as descrbed . Shipped quickly and arrived in time . Also had to purchase a separate memory card .
 Bought this camera and it died on me 13 months afterward . Not covered under warranty . The CPU went out and they want $ 150 to fix it . My local camera shop says they ca n't do the work here and that it must go to Olympus . NEVER BUYING OLYMPUS AGAIN .
 To my frustration the camera is n't worth the money.The colors are just totally wrong and the image tracking is as slow as in old analog camcorders ... In fact , I was quite frustrated comparing the results with my friend 's 3 years oldcamera which is only 2 Mpix.And worse yet , the thing died after I uploaded the imagesto the computer . How can they get away with such a crap ... ?? Wo n't buy anything from Olympus ever . . !!
 Very poor quality slow tracking of the image even in day light conditions ! The colors are extremely dissapointing . . -LRB- ... -RRB- I 'll never buy anything from Olympus anymore . . I wonder how these guys get away with this crap ?
 Great machine . I 've used it for extra storage for a long time . It 's put up with a great deal different kinds of ubuse such as heat , slight impact , dust and smoke . After about 3 years of loyal service , it seemed to die . I did have to call customer service for a week before they responded but they pointed me in the right direction and saved the day ! The next one that I buy will be a QPS .
 i ve had problems with this laptop since after the first month I bought it , had to reinstall the operating system twice already now i keep having problems with all media players , honestly i wish i would have spent more money and buy another laptop in a place like circuit city where at least u can take it back now i feel like I am stack with piece of junk ...
 Installed nicely , was up and running in 5 minutes . Would maintain connection for 2 or 3 minutes and then lock my P3 700 laptop with 384 MB Ram up tight and cause the Blue Screen of Death at start up . I bought this card on a friends recommendation , however he also has a Siemens wireless router . I was using it on a 2WIRE Wireless DSL Modem/Router . Worked with their customer support people on-line and on the phone for 4 days before giving up . Mought a Microsoft MN520 Adapter and have had not one issue . However Microsoft Card does not appear to be constructed as well as the Siemens , but it works .
 I purchased the SS1021 because it has minimal hardware and software requirements which allowed its use with my old notebook computer that has a 166 MHz processor , 80 MB RAM , a 2 GB hard drive and Win98 . The only other potential choice was a Microsoft MN-520 , but it required Internet Explorer 5.X or 6.X , neither of which run well on my notebook . Most other cards require Win98ME or SE or later operating systems and greater than 200 MHz processors.If your wireless network knowledge is limited , adding this card to an existing could be frustrating , since the printed insructions are minimal and no glossary of LAN or internet terms is provided . My LAN is based on a Linksys BEFW1154 wireless router and two other WinXP computers , so it took me longer than expected to figure out which IP , DNS , DHCP , gateway , WEP encryptation and SSID settings to use on the Win98 system and how to enter them in the SS1021 configuration utility program . Solving these issues using a web-based tech support system would not be fun.After I got the card talking to the router , the notebook crashed repeatedly from a corrupted operating system file , which required reinstalling the system . This was my fault , since I forgot that any PCM card installed on this notebook requires the sound card interrupt and I/O address settings to be manually changed from the default , even though Windows Device Manager shows no conflict with other hardware.A distances of 10-12 from the router , but the data transfer rates seem comparable to the WinXP boxes and it has n't drop the connection once in 8 hours of operation . When moved to the other end of the house -LRB- ~ 75 feet and one masonry wall away -RRB- the data transfer and conection quality are unsatisfactory . My HP WinXP notebook 's integral wireless system is unfazed in the same distant location . I downgraded my original rating to 2 stars due to the poor performance at larger distances from my wireless router.Here 's an update on this card . It quit working 4/27/2004 , and on boot-up I get a message that states it is not working and should be reinstalled . After repeated attempts to load drivers and the configuration program , I even reloaded the operating system . The light on the card , indicating it is locked onto the wireless router , is on all the time , even during bootup . It used to blink until it locked on . The config program will not run . Whether it 's a hardware or software problem , or a combination of both , the hassle of using this card in not worth it.Final downgrade to 1 star based on Siemens tech support personnel agreeing card had failed -LRB- it would not install and operate in another notebook -RRB- , but refusing to honor warranty since it was bought on-line . The card got very hot when it did operate ; I think the heat killed it .
 Started using this card in windows 2000 . the config utility that comes with has no option to `` discover '' the networks and find the available SSID 's . Been using it now for a while with XP . The driver is not very good with XP . Might find the network , but very slow compared to a D-link card I 'm using in the same laptop.Also , right now , the card can not get a DHCP address anymore . Even though the D-link card still works fine . This even though I have a siemens = speedstream 2623 router . So sticking with the same brand did not help here.My advice
 Here is my story : As soon as I started the installation , Windows 2000 warned me the driver were not certified . However I just ingored the warning and the installation completed sucessfully.It works with my SMS 2404 WBR wireless router . However the signal strength is always about 50-60 % , and the link quality never surpasses 60-70 % , even though my laptop is just 3 ft from the router . For reference , my other Trendnet TEW-221PC card works just fine , with quality and signal strength approach 90-100 % most of the time.Most anoying of all is its problem with DHCP . 3 out of 4 times I do n't get IP address -LRB- DHCP -RRB- . Remove and put it back a few times help . Another trick is change any parameter and `` apply '' -LRB- so that the card gets restarted -RRB- also helps sometimes . My other card does get this problem but rarely.Will try to return it next week .
 I 've been having a difficult time setting up this SS2624 router and SS1021 wireless PC card combo to work within my network system . The signal is extremely weak , the SS1021 PC card is currently NEXT to the router and `` Link Quality '' is at 66 % . Mean while , the `` Signal Strength '' is at 68 % . PC card and router no more than 6 inches away without hitting 100 % connection rate is pitiful . When I put the router two rooms , two walls away , the signal becomes `` POOR '' at 20 % -30 % quality rate ... unacceptable.Siemens Wirless Network Card Status icon down at the task bar shows Signal Strength as `` No Signal '' . The only problem is that there IS active connection being transferred between router and PC Card . Also , this PC card would not work at all with a friend 's Microsoft Wireless Router.So far by following the intructions , I have been unable to fix the `` ACT '' -LRB- activity light bar -RRB- on the PC Card to stay `` On '' . When data is being transferred , the light blinks as supposed to be . The light does not light up when data is NOT being transferred . Instruction states that when there IS connection , the ACT bar should stay `` ON '' and blink when bytes are being transferred -LRB- or when it is activity scanning for a `` channel '' -RRB- . ACT light bar in the `` OFF '' position means that there is NO live connection , which obviously is not accurate in my scenario.I give it such low rating because even if there is something in the configuration that I am missing to complete properly , the signal strength is extremely weak compared other wireless router .
 I 've had a terrible time with this card . I bought it as a present for my son , only to have him discover that it did n't work on his IBM T22 notebook . The store -LRB- Circuit City -RRB- would n't take it back because it was more that 14 days after I had bought it , so we returned it to Siemens -LRB- actually , Efficient Networks -RRB- for repair . They sent a new one , which also did n't work . We verified that the card works in a different notebook -LRB- a Gateway 450 -RRB- and that other wireless cards work in the T22 -LRB- a D-Link and a Netgear -RRB- . The symptom with the SS1021/T22 combo is that the SSID is garbled and the card wo n't connect to the access point . I called Efficient today to try to return the card but all they 'll do is repair and return it . I just want my money back!My advice -- do n't buy this card unless you can try it out in your notebook immediately !
 I bought this card because it was the only one the local Office Depot had in stock . I went home to read negative reviews of it , but hoped that I would be an exception . I was not . It constantly drops the connection , I have the same problem that someone else mentioend where I 'll be within a few feet of the router and the signal quality will show up as poor -LRB- and continue to drop -RRB- . I plan to return this today . If you 're thinking about it , do n't buy it .
 They have buggy drivers.XP gives a warning when installing the drivers about the fact that the drivers have not passed Windows Logo testing . It will save a system restore point and allow you to proceed.I installed the software . The connection was continually dropping and reconnecting even though I was 10 ft. from the router.I went to Siemens site to get updated drivers and this did not help.Save yourself the headache do not buy this card if you have XP.Read the newsgroups it is a known issue .
 Had the camera for about a week.Charged the batts . to make sure the camera was getting plenty of power.Took about 60 pics with various resolution settings but always when I looked at them on a tv monitor -LRB- via video out -RRB- they looked blurred or grainy , and they always would good on the camera 's LCD . I 'm not unfamiliar with Vivitar 's products . In fact , I have a model 2750 that I 've used for the last two years without any trouble , and the pics from THAT one look very clear . The res . for the 2750 is 640 x 480 , so I expected the pics from the 3615 would be MUCH clearer -LRB- 2 MP -RRB- , but they were n't . I tried different light settings , focus settings , but nothing changed . I even tried putting the 3615 on a tri-pod and using the timer . Pics still looked grainy , especially if I tried using the digital zoom . Trying to magnify the finished photos made matters much worse -LRB- lots of pixelation -RRB- . I kept thinking I was doing something wrong , so I even tried different flash cards . Same results -LRB- grainy , sometimes out of focus pics -RRB- . When I showed the pics to some of my friends -LRB- and compared it with pics from the 2750 -RRB- they could n't believe the difference.Needless to say the camera went back . Vivitar , you have disappointed me . Either you missed the boat , or I missed something in the manual . -LRB- I think it 's the former , not the latter -RRB- .
 From a distance these things have the look of well crafted head phones.Up close it 's easy to see that they are cheaply made.Bottom line
 I have no idea how these sound because they slid down from my ears and landed on my neck ! The flaps that are meant to sit on top of your head do n't work if you have a small head and there is no way to make any adjustment . For what it 's worth , I 'm five feet tall . I am so disappointed .
 I purchased these earbuds to use when traveling . They are awkward to use , the sound is tinny with no bass whatsoever , and the noise cancellation is nonexistent . When you turn on the noise cancellation it ups the volume a bit and adds a quiet hiss , you can still hear everything going on around you . I am actually astonished at how awful these earbuds are . I was hoping for a 50 % reduction in background noise , instead I have a product that is useless in any situation . Traditional earbuds are far superior . I passed the Koss earbuds on to two other people to try with the exact same results , no one wants them even for free.Bad product , bad design , waste of money .
 I have had a few active noise cancellation headphones in the past , all over-the-ear type . They were satisfactory , providing a considerable reduction in machinery noise.I also owned a few ear-buds with passive noise-reduction , and those work great -LRB- including Koss `` spark-plug '' in-ear phones -RRB- . I was looking for the ones that would combine both methods , as I think that has the potential to produce a very good overall noise-blocking result , so I had big expectations of these . What I got is a classic case of `` you get what you pay for '' . To be fair
 Wow ... so many problems , where to start ? First , the item is bulky and the cord is too short for the huge unit to fit in a side pants pocket . Second , the `` active noise reduction '' actually just increases the volume a tiny bit ; it does not reduce outside noise AT ALL . The cheap rubber fittings are difficult to insert in your ear , and do n't seal very well which greatly reduces the passive noise reduction . Also , the sound quality is on par with $ 3 disposable headphones . It is muffled and just BAD . My advice
 I returned this to Amazon , exchanging it for another set of earphones . I had not realized that it is designed as it is , with that little box attached . What does one do with the little box ? This is a bad design .
 I bought this radios with great expectations . The small size and big range were very appealing.First , the sound quality was terrible ; you could barely understand person on the `` other '' side . It was worse when compared side by side with a radio from a popular brand.Then -LRB- right after the warranty expired , ofcourse -RRB- one of the two radios gave up . I called Audiovox for service and the cost of repair was about 70 % of the cost of the new one . They were both thrown away.I gave one extra star , just because I still believe that the concept of slim radios is worth pursuing .
 I had the same problem as another reviewer on this forum . The rechargeable battery died . I had barely used it . If you forget to unplug the CD from the power cord after recharging is complete you will fry the battery . I 've never seen this behavior on any other rechargeable device . This is a serious design flaw by Panasonic . It 's a shame that such a serious problem undermines what would otherwise be a great product .
 The display is very impressive for monochrome LCD . This is the only nice thing I have to say about this GPS . The map shows only state and federal roads . No smaller roads show up.The accuracy is not as advertised . I punched in a home point , walked several hunred feet and walked back . When I returned to the original spot , it read that I was 50 to 100 feet away -LRB- I tried it several times -RRB- . My first time using it in the field , it crashed on me . I tried everything . Even the power button did not work . I had to remove the batteries for a few minutes in order to get it to come back to life.Very disappointed . I have contacted Lowrance by email . We will see how their customer support department is .
 I used this item a half a dozen times before it stopped working . It has been a drawer ever since . It worked fine when it was working .
 Pretty basic black and white unit ; screen is hard to see in bright light situations . I 'm going to sell it and upgrade .
 I also bought this iFINDER GO2 piece of crap . No wheres near as accurate as my Garmin . The Garmin does n't even use WAAS technology , and it beats the crap out of this lowrance crap.Garmin the way to go.Where the hells lowrance based out of anyway ... some 5th world country ??
 This was a truly horrible CD player . I bought it used and it lasted less than a year ! The plastic circular piece at the center of the CD player that holds the CD in place while it spins , broke in half and I hardly even used it.In addition , the volume is controlled by digital buttons ! The problem is that buttons do not offer the precision control that a traditional analog turn wheel can offer . Sometimes you want to hear music at a specific volume level but these buttons do n't offer the precision that 's required.Also , when you turn off the CD player and you do not have any batteries in it , it will not remember your volume settings . So you 'll need to set it again every time you unplug it if you 're using the AC adaptor.Lastly , pressing the + or - buttons once to change the volume is not enough . You have to hold it down or press it twice before it recognizes the fact that you 're trying to change the volume . This is extremely annoying.Fast-forwarding and rewinding is also a tedious process . Unlike some other portable CD players that offer at least 2 speeds by holding the buttons down for a longer period of time , this model only offers 1 speed - slow.I would highly recommend everyone to stay away from this CD player.It 's not worth the space this CD player would take up on your table even if you got this for free .
 My son got a pair of headphones very similar to these - made by Panasonic . He thought they sounded pretty good , but then he 's 12 . He got them because earbuds hurt his ears . Since these rest over the ear , they worked better . Personally , I listened to them and I thought they sounded cheap , plus the plastic arm that keeps them in place over the ear broke in one week 's time . Now he has to hold one of them over his ear until we can get something better .
 The overall size is convenient . The sound quality is ok for the price . The clips hold the buds on your ear , but I found it very difficult to position the clips so the buds stay in the ear . For some reason the clips do not want to stay flat against my head and annoyingly flip outward like little wings .
 Uncomfortable , and sound horrible with poos build quality , and poor customer service to boot . I recieved these as a gift , and would not recomend them to anyone . Unless you do n't like the person you are giving them to ...
 The headphones have nice design features , excellent base pick up and excellent other stats . However it fails in actual sound quality - the sound is tinney and simply sounds cheap . While it registers base nicely , its treble is way off -LRB- on the loud end -RRB- which irritated me . I bought them to replace some headphones that are getting rattly - but I like my old ones lots better.If you do n't care about the tinney sound , it would be an excllent pair , good style , comfortable , and nice cord retract feature . However my advice is still to get a different pair unless you 're deaf to frequencies above 15kH .
 I bought these earbuds for a great price of like $ 8 to replace earbuds that came with my Creative mp3 player . At first , I thought these had a good sound for the money , and felt like they would stay in my ears when I exercised . However , the first time I used them to run , there was a clicking sound with each step as the clip-on part rattled with each step . It was quite annoying . This is a poor design for running . After I used these phones for about a week -LRB- and I do n't ever play music very loud -RRB- , the left phone started to have a lot of static and rattle from bass frequencies . I did like that I could still hear what was going on around me somewhat which is good for riding a bike or when you need to hear your wife talking to you . But , this pair went back to the store , and I will start searching for something with a better design and better sound . If you need to put on your phones and take them off quickly , these seem to take a while to get on . Bottom line , I ca n't recommend these since they malfuncioned after a week .
 THe headphones pictured are very different than the ones pictured . They are more like and earbud , but more uncomfortable .
 I got what I paid for - a cheap toy . Yes , it does respond to movement , but at a range of about three feet . Once someone is within three feet the &#34; toy &#34; is simply to be laughed at . I sent one to my son in the Military as a desk toy . He said that it was too &#34; stupid &#34; to display even for a laugh .
 I got them mostly for being very light and small . In the city it worked up to 1/5 of a mile , you can connect a bit more but hear only static . On a ski resort it only worked within the same building/lodge ; you can not connect to another radio even on the same side of the mountain . I 'd return them , but as they are so small and sleek , we lost one on the second day .
 This is an outdated model . If you find someone selling it in the original unopened factory package beware . The rechargeable batteries may have been sitting around unused for years . There 's a good chance they are dead beyond resuscitation . I got my radios to work only when I put in standard nonrechargeable batteries but by the second day the speaker on one of the units gave out . I dont think I got more than a half hour of use out of these units before throwing them away . My kids have some toy walkie-talkies from Lego that are made better than these !
 transmitter audio quality is bad ... people say it 's hard to hear what I 'm saying . Older motorola or newer uniden are much better .
 first , why does it say
 I HAD TO SEND THESE BACK AS THEY GOT TOO HOT TO KEEP ON MY EARS FOR ANY LENGTH OF TIME
 I liked these , but stored them in a camera bag that received scant abuse . After awhile , the weakness of the PLASTIC fork-shaped piece which joins the head-strap to the earpieces revealed itself . SNAP.The rest of these is built so well , but when this piece goes , it 's dumpster time . A needless design flaw .
 While this player looks good physically , has a nice remote , and some nice features like the DVD jacket display during stop mode - I found it has terrible 3:2 pulldown for film mode . I checked it using several movies
 Stay away from this horrible offering from Sony . I purchased this based on the performance of my older sony dvd player -LRB- which is still working like a charm -RRB- , but their quality has come way down . I once belonged to the cult of followers that outfitted their entire home theater components with Sony , but after my last a/v receiver and this dvd player , I have been set free.This unit dazzled me at first with its high contrast picture and vibrant detail . Within days of constant use -LRB- mp3 playback , music dvds , movies , and tv shows on dvd -RRB- , the image became highly grainy and noisy . Flesh tones took on a disturbing painted look and no matter what I did to my 42 '' rear projection Sony TV as far as adjustments , I could not get it to look right . DVD layer changes led to 2-3sec jumps ahead cutting out parts of the movie . Inexcusable ! DVDs from my home collection of over 200 -LRB- all in pristine condition -RRB- started to show problems with skipping , freezing , block artifacts , etc. . Theses same DVDs put in my old player , which I still have in another room , worked flawlessly . I was shocked and maddened by this outcome . I had this unit for 17 days and really wanted it to be `` the one '' . Sadly , it is not ! In all fairness , I do not own an HDTV , so the image quality in progressive mode may be better , but disc performance will be the same.Fortunately , I did alot of research before I bought this unit and went to get my 2nd choice yesterday -LRB- the Pioneer dv-563a -RRB- and I am totally blown away by its performance . Layer changes are not even noticable and the image is so film-like , it makes me smile just thinking about it . I gave it the 12hr workout and it was flawless . Unlike this unit , it can play jpeg cd-r , zoom the image of moving or static sources , random play mp3 files , the front display can be turned off , AND it can play SACD and dvd-a discs . At $ 150 , you will not be disaapointed . * image/picture quality based on interlaced mode , not progressive , which is also part of both of these units .
 I have had two Sony NS series players fail on me in a period of 12 months . After a few months , the drive starts to make grinding noises and will say `` Can not Play Disc '' on disks that play just fine in my other DVD player and on my desktop and laptop computers . For awhile tapping the case a few times causes the player to work again , but once the grinding noises start , it 's downhill until the player fails completely.Maybe Sony high-end players are more reliable -LRB- I would n't know -RRB- but the low-end players are a RIP-OFF . I hate to say this because I have been a loyal Sony customer for years , but after this second failure , I do n't know if I 'll ever buy Sony again ...
 I bought this player new about 18 months ago . It worked well up until last week , when it abruptly stopped reading all dvd 's you place in it . Normal use , and a dvd player should last longer than that . I would advise against buying this player unless you plan to replace it within 2 years .
 After a few months , it starts to make noises and will say `` Can not Play Disc '' on disks that play just fine in my other DVD player and on my desktop and laptop computers . DO N'T WASTE YOUR MONEY . I would give it zero stars it I could .
 I 've owned and used this Sony DVP-NS725P DVD player for almost 18 months now . I bought it in spite of several negative comments about the general degradation in reliability of Sony products but figured the problems were probably isolated . Dumb conclusion on my part.The DVP-NS725P worked fine and played great right up until the moment it did n't play at all . We had just finished watching a DVD movie a few days ago , and when we pushed the menu button on the remote the player just locked up . No power surge , no local lightning , no bad disk , and no bad batteries in the remote . We managed to get the DVD out of the player and then unplugged it to try to force a reset , but now when we try to turn it on all it does is display `` WEL '' -LRB- the first three letters of the WELCOME message -RRB- before shutting itself off . It does n't matter which buttons or combinations thereof we use on either the remote or the player.The fault is apparently is some sort of software glitch in ROM or flash memory , but if you check around for other reviews on this and other Sony models you 'll read about enough similar experiences that it must be some sort of systemic problem with Sony players . For those of you that have recently bought one of these and ca n't understand what the rest of us are complaining about , your time will come .
 It is difficult to determine product preformance as product never functioned well from the box . Purchased early as a christmas gift outside the 90 day warranty . What a surprise christmas day when we were unable to view new dvds . Sony would not exchange and now we are stuck with a $ 149.00 paper weight . Buyer beware , it 's better to procrastinate than buy early .
 When I am playing non-film content , i.e. TV Shows or hybrid content -LRB- interlaced + film -RRB- , the video on the screen will flicker between most quick scene changes . I noticed it alot on `` The Shield - Seasons 1 and 2 '' and on DVDs burned from Tivo content.I know its not a bad player because I have 2 of these each bought at different times and they both have this exact same problem . I have a feeling that it has a hard time with interlaced content , since all hollywood movies -LRB- film , 24fps -RRB- plays just perfect.I could not find any settings on the player to help alleviate the problem . I am using the S-Video output . I have since switched to the new Philips 642 and this DVD player plays everything great , even divx discs.NOTE
 I previously bought almost nothing but sony brands for all my electronics , but I think that is going to change . The price is usually higher than other brands with similar features , and I thought quality was worth it . I have gone through 2 DVD players in one year -LRB- both new out of the box -RRB- and was offered a refurbished one for $ 80 . No thanks Sony , I 'll try another brand .
 My husband and I bought this DVD player a little over one year ago . Suddenly it stopped playing discs that worked perfectly fine on our other DVD player , and it said `` Can not read disc . '' After a good hour on the phone with customer service , we were told the player could not be fixed , but they would be willing to sell us a `` refurbished '' machine for $ 85 . No thanks ! We had a similar problem with a Sony boom box but originally just chalked it up to age . I used to think Sony products were of high quality , but I will not buy any Sony products again .
 I too have had this player for just over a year and the message reads `` can not read disc '' a little internet seaching and you will find an overwhelming number of unsatisfied sony consumers.I have always bought sony , willing to spend the extra money for quality , but have been very dissapointed recently .
 Sony used to be all I would purchase for AV equipment but the quality in recent years has taken a nose dive.This DVD player lasted slightly over 1 year and just abruptly died . the DVPNS715P it replaced also died shortly after 1 year.Do an internet search for Sony DVD players and you will find hundreds of complaints of premature failures due to the low quality components Sony now uses in their products.This was the last Sony product I will ever purchase
 I bought the DVPNS50P , the mid-level player of which this appear to be the replacement . I chose the Sony rather than a cheaper brand since I believed Sony to be reliable , and figured if I bought the cheaper brand , I would end up paying for it in the end.As is frequently reported in the comments , the player just up and quit , would simply show the start up screen , and the buttons stopped responding , a little over 30 days after I bought it.This is not the bad part . The bad part is the service . Sony says my product qualified for its `` replacement `` program , rather than repair , under the warranty . This means I had to ship it to somewhere in Texas , at my own expense -- they supposedly have a `` discount '' arrangement with the UPS store -- $ 20 . They claim they 've shipped it back to me , but I have n't received it yet . So far , it 's been 17 days !
 I have two little girls who love to watch Disney/Pixar movies . After or last DVD player bit the dust , we purchased this Sony DVD player because it was reasonably priced and it had several good features.The problem is
 I tried both this Bogen 3231 and Trekpod Go . The Trekpod Go won out . - Inconvenient detachable legs
 The ends are comming off this cable does n't meet the normal Belkin standards .
 This video cable is too good for its own good . The picture is soo digital you can see the pixels in the screen when you are watching a DVD . Quite annoying actually , cause everything looks like it is coming off a low quality computer , or like it was stretched from a small screen to a big screen and the # of pixels that make up the picture stayed the same . * Do Not recommend * I actually put my A/B video connection back into the TV and the picture is much better . more real less computer graphic looking .
 I bought my dvd burner about a year ago . Until now , it had performed beatifully . I only occasionally used it as a dvd burner , and cd burner . Now it wo n't even read a cd . I expect a longer life from my drives , and will be switching to a different brand .
 These are great if you want to burn CD 's but as a DVD burner they are the best if your looking to create a coster . Check out their website aka Pioneer , the support is equally poor . Be especially weary of the DVR-104 drives .
 My guess is this drive and its positive reviews arebased on use on Macs - because neither I nor the TSsupport people at Cendyne or Dell could get it to burna single DVD disc . We barely rescued my hard drive . . It caused my PC fits . . Unless you have an older computer , forget Cendynes `` ancient '' intallation manual - `` hello , is anyonelistening ? '' Cendyne , you forgot to include `` cableselect '' as an option over the old `` slave versus master '' dichotomy . . I should have received more than a refund for my littlebundle of nightmares - ugh!MAB
 Canon is a great camera company . I have had all of the 1Ds versions and many of the small Power Shots . I have eight computers on a LAN with several video cameras and a NAS which I have set up and configured without any problems but the setup for this thing is a confusing and ambiguous pain in the neck and in this day and age it should be simple , painless and highly reliable ; actually , it should set itself up with a minimum of input from the user ; just like Apple 's computers and other network equipment.And once you set it up it is very , very , very slow with raw files even if you have a fast network.As one of the other reviewers wisely said , be sure that you know that you really need this device before you buy it . If you do n't have a pretty compelling wireless requirement you are just not going to use it .
 My experience with the WFT-E2A has been totally unsatisfactory . I am unable to get the wireless transmitter to connect with my laptop and camera so that I can control the camera from the laptop . The included instructions are too esoteric and vague to be useful for me to get this working . Canon 's technical support refused initially to help with this problem and then on repeated appeals , promised help , but has been silent and delivered no info . I would not recommend this device to anyone . A small stone costs less and would be as useless as the WFT-E2A at connecting equipment wirelessly . Either a stone or a WFT-2A might more reliably serve as a paper weight.Five weeks after I wrote the above review , and after more emails and calls to Canon , visits from various computer wireless and wired experts , I was finally able to find a Canon service rep who walked me through the myriad of setting changes needed to get camera-to-laptop connection . Now I can see a liveview screen on my laptop but the EOS Utility does not have any documentation of what functions can be controlled with the laptop . I can remotely snap a photo but can not remotely focus the camera.Bottom line -- an expensive , frustrating and limited gadget .
 I was never happy with this product . It never worked as needed and Canon support was poor . I knew more about this product that their tech guy ! It does make an impressive paper weight though .
 In additio to that several were broken at the end . I really wated the collored ones , I could have gotten the black ones anywhare
 I was looking for a better sound quality alternative to my RIO 500 MP3 player and thought buying a Sony product would be a no-brainer . The CD player sounds worse than my mp3 player . Instruments are blurred , the sound in general is muffled . At first I thought Sony skimped on the headphones that shipped with the unit , but I 've tried my high quality headphones -LRB- AKG 501 -RRB- , but it makes the unit suffer even more . It seems that the unit does not have enough gain to drive higher quality headphones and even my RIO is able to do a half way decent job with it.I 'm mainly listening to classical music and jazz which perhaps is too much to ask for on a portable unit , but even some of the rock I 've tried sounded more like coming out of a radio than out of a CD player.I 'll return it tomorrow .
 At first site , the CD player looks really cool . Also the skip protection on this thing is incredible . The supplied headphones are good quality . The bass boost is nice , but thats about the only good thing about the sound quality . The sound -LRB- even with another pair of headphones -RRB- is terrible . It is muffled like putting a pillow over a speaker and trying to listen to it . I was expecting a little more for 70 bucks . You could do a lot better than this . It 's not worth it , even with the skip-protection ! Anyway , maybe i just got a bad one , but it does n't seem like it . I would n't be surprised if they 're all that way .
 The sound on this thing is truly terrible . The default sound -LRB- without bass boost -RRB- is dull , with a lot of mid . Since this happens with a lot of portable players , I cranked up the bass - and recieved a rude surprise . The first setting of two , if anything , made the sound even duller than before . The second boost REALLY distorts the sound
 My Walkman skips the first two seconds of any CD and the sound is weak and thin , inadequate richness in the midrange .
 I bought a QPS back in April , I had configuration issues right away.I followed the tech support format and emailed them . Giving them benefit of possibly being busy or email issues I emailed four times over four weeks from seperate servers . They do not respond through support.Now the hardware failed , I repeated the email attempts with no response and have phone support three times in two weeks to give up in Cue after 45 minutes . No 1-800 number.Now I have a very high phone Bill coming and a useless QPS device that I will eat also.Please do n't allow companies like this to thrive , which they all too commonly do in todays market.Buy elsewhere .
 I installed this myself using the incredibly lacking instructions . I tried tech support but they refused to tell me anything , saying instead that he could not help me until I researched installation procedures and terminology . It worked for a few days and then suddenly quit working the next time I tried to burn a cd . The troubleshooting manual said that it may stop functioning if you have more than one burning software on your computer . I had windows media player and quicktime installed when I used the included nero burning software successfully several times . After it quit I uninstalled all burning software and only reinstalled nero but in continued to not function and I even took the actual drive out and reinstalled it but that did not work either . Tech support is incredibly awefull , save yourself the trouble and by a respected brand of equipment .
 I had this burner for about one year and used it maybe 24-30 times . It unexpectedly stopped seeing any type of CD that I inserted . Kept saying `` no media found '' . Called Tech Support and was told the only explanation is a dead laser . In other words , after making less than 3 dozen CDs with this thing , it 's now a piece of garbage . Do n't waste your money on this brand !
 I made the mistake of buying this drive and have experienced similar problems as the two reviews already listed here . Within a week of installation , I began to experience flaky behavior from the drive . Tech support refused to answer my requests , and I found that their phone support was insulting and useless . I 've actually taken this out and am using it as a paperweight for my desk inbox . The only thing it is good for is a target for large caliber ammo . This is the best use for this kind of garbage . Do n't waste your money on this junk . Spend a few dollars more and go with a known brand .
 do not , under any circumstances , buy this keyboard . the keyboard itself is beautiful , but the software/driver support is horrible/non-existent .
 I spent many hours tring to connect my computer to the wirless router . I could not figure it out . Electronic cards going bad was the last thing I would suspect but I was not correct . The Card 1024 was my problem and I do n't recommend buying one . I know electonics and this card failed me where other have not .
 While I thought this card was a good buy for -LSB- $ $ -RSB- ... , I am having a lot of difficulty getting it to work with 2 other 1024 adapters , 1 internal and 1 external USB .
 The driver for the SpeedStream could be installed . However during installation the default settings are shown -LRB- e.g. , channel 11 -RRB- , but you ca n't change them . I could n't find the file to edit . When you bringup the SpeedSteam Wireless LAN Utility the icon does not appear in the system tray . I also could n't use browser to access www.speedstream.com -- `` The connection was refused when attempting to contact www.speedstream.com '' . I use to have a Microsoft wireless adapter , but it died so I wanted to try out Siemens . Big mistake . I have PC with Windows 2000 Professional . So I just use the 10/100 ethernet instead.Look elsewhere if you want a wireless connection .
 I bought this PCI card to allow my Windows 95 PC -LRB- I have 3 others using Windows 2000 -RRB- to participate in a wireless LAN . The drivers would not install and the support was absolutely terrible . When I called for support because the driver installation did not recognize the card , they told me that I needed to put it in another slot . I did this , though it seemed a strange request , and when I called back with the same problem they told me that it would not work in my PC because I did not have a questionmark or an exclamation mark on my device driver list !!!!! They would go no further . It was very frustrating . It will probably work but the support is so bad it is n't worth trying .
 I have one of these sitting in a closet somewhere or did my wife throw it out . This thing stopped working after light use in about 6 months . Velodyne is a respected name in the subwoofer industry but this thing does not cut it . Good velodyne subs cost a grand and then some . Quality control is sacrificed on the cheaper models . Also the power rating is misleading . Your sub has to be able to handle more than 100 watts especially when paired with a good quality amp . Do n't buy it because of the name . If you want a cheaper sub deal with companies that specialize in that category . Velodyne wo n't get another dime of mine .
 I 'll make this short and sweet . If you want deep bass do not waste your money on the 10 '' . Do yourself a big favor and go for the 12 '' woofers . You will be much happier . .
 I give this one star because you ca n't give it a no star . It does n't work . No base at all . I have a pioneer elite VSX82TXS and this sub produces zero base . I 've had two Yamahas and they worked . Stupid me , this was cheap , I bought it and well , you get what you pay for . I hope I can get Amzaon to take it back , a real piece of cr_p
 I 've had these for a little while , and there horrible . Buy something else . My reasons
 I bought these Sony headphones after my old ones broke , they were also from Sony but a different model and I had them for years and I liked them a lot more then this model because the sound quality was a lot better . These newer headphones may be more comfortable and more attactive looking but the sound is not all that great ! In the beginning they were good for listening to one of those books recorded on tape and though I at first I thought the headphones were okay for music I then became very disappointed with poor sound quality which is too low , goes in and out and is really annoying and I think I will have to find some new headphones with better sound quality . The fluctuating sound level is n't as bad when listening to an audiobook but it 's very noticeable when listening to music and hopefully I can find an inexpensive headphone set that has good sound quality !
 These were listed as a `` Best Buy '' by Consumer Reports , but they were by far some of the worst headphones I 've ever bought at ANY price . The fit felt wrong from the get-go , and the sound quality was poor . Everything sounded distant and flat , not at all dynamic or crisp . They feel poorly constructed , and even though I 'd never put fashion ahead of function , they look dorky and oversized , more like earmuffs than headphones . I 'm quite disappointed in them , especially for a Sony product .
 I got this pair of headphones ; less than 2 months later they broke . The sound was poor and muffled and bad cords were causing one speaker to stop working while the other kept working ok . Needless to say it was like aural agony.Plus the hinges broke too and I handled them gently . They are so fragile you ca n't seaming enjoy listening to music without feeling worried about a hinge breaking . Both hynges broke . I manage to tape one back together ok ; the other popped back out even when I taped it and I could n't have it fit right anymore because the area where it broke coused the headphone to tilt when I put it on.Got another pair later on . The same situation all over again.A horrible piece of junk and A gigantic waste of money.Don ' t buy this pair of headphones .
 The Sony CD-180 is a very unimpressive headphone , even at -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- . Then again , most closed headphones at this price are a poor choice.Deep bass is lacking badly , but upper bass is exaggerated somewhat , giving them a boomy , fake bass sound.Mids are n't much better - some midrange frequencies are very prominent , and voices drill into my head in a rather fautiging manner , and smear together with insturments to my displeasure . They also have a very hollow quality that probably has something to do with the closed headphone design.Treble is very muted , but lower treble is exxagerated , and it makes the CD180s sound at first like they have a lot of detail , which they do n't . Imaging -LRB- Placement of insturments -RRB- is poor . Everything sounds like it is either coming from the center of my head , or the right or left side , there is n't much in the way of seperation otherwise.They also have a fairly cheap feel , although they are reasonably comfortable - they do n't clamp down on your ears overly hard , and they are circumaural -LRB- Go around your ear , not on top -RRB- so the pressure is put on the area around your ears.They do sound better then other closed Sony headphones in this price range like the MDR-v150 ,200,250 , but sound somewhat worse then the Koss UR-20s which are also closed , and much worse then the open Koss KSC-50s which can be had for the same price . The next step up from the Koss UR-20s with a closed headphone is the Sony MDR-v7506 , which is around -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- - there is n't anything worth buying in between.As always , keep headphone listening volume reasonable - you can damage your ears very easily . As a general rule of thumb if you ca n't tell someone is talking to you when you are not engrossed in the music , they are up too loud .
 You can definitely do better for the -LRB- low -RRB- price.Sony 's in ear headplugs are discounted on Amazon down to $ 23 pretty often and sound better . So do a lot of cheap Sennheisers.They just lack clarity in the higher frequencies and have a muffled and too loud bass .
 These headphones have a muffled , muddied sound . I bought them to use with my office boom box -LRB- Aiwa CSD-FDF81 -RRB- , thinking they would sound better than the speakers . They sound worse . My 17-year old son thinks they sound muffled , too . On the plus side , they are comfortable.I brought them home and tested them against a 15 + year old pair of Audio Technica headphones . No contest . The ATs sound bright and clear by comparison , but are uncomfortable.Keep shopping . Spend a little more if you must . Your ears will thank you . -LRB- I just ordered a pair of Grado SR-60 headphones on the recommendation of my audiophile brother . -RRB-
 cheap plastic and for the price you can find a better deal . Does n't keep out noise and the round ear pieces do n't fit average ears .
 ProsCheap , Indestructible , Light , Blocks out external sound really well , ConsPoor sound quality , very poorly designed headband , Ear cups hurt my ears , Not comfortable , Too large , Cord extremely long.The Bottom LineThey crank out way too much bass and not enough treble . I 'd steer clear , but they are cheap and readily availableThe first indication should be the price
 I also read about these in the recent Good Buys section of Consumer Reports . I picked up a pair in early August and they sounded great for a while -LRB- I agree with other reviewers that the headband feels plasticky and that the two wires instead of one do have a tendency to get more tangled . -RRB- Now , 4 months after I purchased them , the right speaker stopped working . I wrote Sony and they said they are only guaranteed for 3 months . Poor workmanship obviously leads to poor guarantees . Stay away !
 I 'm not an audiophile so I 'm not an expert in stereos and headphones etc but I do know that I just do n't like these headphones ! The sound level is terrible and flucuates and sometimes even loses sound altogether . I got these headphones about 4 or 5 years ago and had problems with them after only a short period of time and it is quite possible that Sony has worked out and fixed all of the problems with them but I 'm not going to blow my hard earned cash on buying a new pair just to find out if they worked out the bugs or not and from my own personal experience I can tell ya that I have been very disppointed with these headphones and that I get better sound through my little Sony Walkman earphones and no I do n't use these big headphones with my little Sony walkman , I use them with my sterio and my CD boom box only !
 I bought these a year ago because they were rated a `` best buy '' in the under $ 30 headphone category in Consumer Reports . Nothing could be further from the truth - too much bass , no upper range -LRB- 12KHz and up -RRB- and an overall muffled sound.I own an old pair of Seinnheiser 's that I use at home and cost me $ 18 nearly 12 years ago . They sound remarkably better - and I used a pair of Koss $ 200 headphones as a comparison.This is the second time I got burned listening to Consumer Reports audio advice , and definitely the last .
 Do n't be fooled ! Just because it is a sony , does not mean it is the best ! I found the quality of the padding to be poor , it was hard and uncomfortable on my ears . The inside of the headphones were made of felt and cardboard , hardly quality materials used for electronics . Sound quality was muffled . In my opinion the ones by Koss are better for a better price . I returned this one and got a KOSS UR-15C for the same price .
 I bought a pair of these a few years ago for use at the radio station where I work . They 're uncomfortable , the pads make my head itch , and it makes a lot of noise when you move them . They look cool , but that 's about it . I got them at Target for about $ 15 on an open-box buy , and ended up leaving them at the radio station.Don ' t get 'em . Get Optimus Nova-71 's if you can find them .
 I bought these because people kept telling me that Sony was a quality brand and eventually I broke down and got a pair of their headphones . These , however , were a terrible buy . They have too much bass that drowns out everything else and no treble at all . They also arent very loud . The earbuds that came with my cd player are easily twice as loud as these . I was very dissapointed , what a waste of money .
 This GPS unit is good for trecking but not for navigation . The builtin background US map has just interstates and notional highways . It find the exits to restautants and points of intrests from an interstate but doesnt give any directions to locate the needed place.Gadget is not user friendly and too confusing for a 1st time user.Its too big in size to put it in a pocket and doest come with any other accessory . MP3 player of this size is not of much use.Lowrance wants money for all detailed maps which cost apx $ 100 for each . They even want $ 50 for a suction mount which is rediculuous for a $ 150 gadget . SD/MMC card slot in built below the AA battery slot and the maps can be loaded to SD card only by buying a USB SD slot adapter . This GPS doesnt have a USB port to connect to the computer directly . Thus lowrance wants more money for all these accessories.I guess lowrance should make market by competing with its competitors for lower prices and giving more quality products . But its hard for a mexican made gadget to compete with the existing market
 To the president of TDK : How can you put out a shoddy , frustrating product like the DA-9000 ? Here is what 's wrong with this gizmo .1 The manual must have been written before the product was completed . The Quick Start guide is contrary to the User Manual , especially in the area of recording from external sources . The former says you need to push REC for each new track ; the latter makes no mention of this but says one can use the Automatic Track Detection feature .2 Automatic Track Detection . This is some kind of sadistic joke . I tried both cassette sources and LPs and in no situation did the machine correctly detect track breaks . Thus one side of an LP is recorded as one song ; ditto cassettes . I tried it at various recording levels but that had no impact .3 Volume normalization . Creation of listenable Playlists off the Hard Drive is dependent on normalization of differing volumes . The machine does n't allow for this . A bar meter to show volume would have helped enormously , but then again there is no input recording volume control .4 Your help line is of lttle help . The advice from your phone reps , while courteous , is vague and imprecise . In one instance , I was told I 'd be getting a call back , which never happened .5 Your remote
 Worked well for a short time , then nothing . Tech support was absolutely no help ... repeating what was in the manual and no more . Contacted management to no avail.Finally gave up and bought the microsoft product . I am having no problems with it.Save your money and your time ... buy something else .
 Got my brand new router on Friday . I was very excited to set my network up over the weekend but to my dismay the wireless PCMCIA card was not being recognized by the router - this simple task of about 10 mins took > 22 hrs excluding break times and still no resolution . Not to mention the > 40 mins of wait time I had to suffer on Monday to get to a live human being at Speedstream!I finaly gave up and bought another Speedstream router from a local store and it works !! My personal recommendation would be to see if you can see the Wireless LED light ON after the initial setup . If you do then things are fine , else run and return your router without worrying about getting a RMA number from SpeedStream.Since I have not done extensive testing of its capabilities , I can not comment on its performance .
 I bought this product 10 days ago . Already exchanged it once after 2 days of working . Now the technical support again says , it has problem and want me to change this with a different one.The technical support agrees it had a firmware problem . Their turn around time to return the router after repairs is 30 days . Now I am lucky that I can return it back to store because it is less than 30 days . With their 30 days turn around time and the quality of the product , I think the product is going to lye at the manufacturers place most of the time and the effective use of the product by the user is less.It is very difficult to get customer support online . Wait time of 10 to 15 minutes everytime.The internet connection speed reduces drastically while wireless . I have the wireless PC connected next to the router . Still the same problem.I bought their wireless adapters also . But they are great . Worth for money .
 Installation was difficult , since it is not mentioned that a restart of the cable modem is required . Confusing setup , supplied documentation
 I bought two of these as I needed to set up wireless networks in two places ; ended up using only one . It worked - more or less - for several months , then died . I pulled another one from the storage , it worked 2 months and died . Wireless range not very good but acceptable ; however , oftentimes it lost wireless connectivity , and I had to cycle it .
 Never stable ... drops connections continuously , from the time i set it up . I have 6 other routers , which all work fine ... this router simply does n't . Also notices issues with the amount of heat it gives off . Lack of any kind of firmware support is also an issue . Other forums online confirm that these are all common problems with this product . Office Depot confirmed it and replaced mine with a D-Link . Tech support was completely clueless , as many others have reported . They gave me the distinct impression that they had no training whatsoever , and were just reading the manual back to me from a screen .
 When it was working needed the reboot few times . One day it just died with status LED red . Opened it up . Capacitor in the power supply died . As a result it killed the circuitry too -LRB- besides the power supply -RRB- . Fixed the power supply . The router is still dead.Could not find a receipt . Figures shipping cost will be about the cost of the new router . Bought another one . This time D-link . So far so good .
 I got the router , and could n't get it to work since the LED is red . Exchanged it and had it working for 3months , and the LED turned red again , and have to return it to the manufacturer . Very disappointed . When it works , it 's great . But ...
 -LSB- I am a grad student at CMU in Information Systems -RSB- I am disgusted with this router . Let me help you understand : a -RRB- This is not a Siemens router ! Siemens bought a small firm that made routers and slapped the Siemens brand name on it . The product design is worthless . Consequently , the Siemens brand name for which I paid extra $ $ $ is worthless.b -RRB- The WEP set up is broken . Have fun setting up WEP on this one . Let me know if you succeed.c -RRB- The access restriction is non-existent . Most routers have MAC address filtering , this one has _ Windows _ host name filtering :-O !! My friend on his iBook can get on the network without registering . Hmm ... you think that 's bad ? Wait , my Windows laptop can get on the network even though it is n't registered as well . Net result - vaporware . My network is wide open and vulnerable ! Gah!d -RRB- The print server is awful . I also feel the feature is responsible for the router to lock up . Everytime the router fails , I see the print error light lit up.e -RRB- I use my wireless laptop on the Carnegie Mellon network all day with no problems . This router will drop connections every time Ii -RRB- Use it for more than 2 minutesii -RRB- Transfer at speeds greater than 200 Kiii -RRB- Disconnect my laptop from mains powerThis is weird . I use the same laptop -LRB- IBM T23 -RRB- on the campus network with no problems.f -RRB- Ok , so the wireless blows , the wired should be ok ? NO !! This is the first time I 've seen a wired router lock up . I stay away from the wireless connection , turn off my wireless card , and only use wired . And guess what ? The wired connection locks up every 3-4 hours.Overall , this is a useless piece of hardware . I 'd like to get my hands on the phony engineer who got to design this . grr ...
 Router is missing WPA . You can not hide your SSID . And you can not limit access by MAC address . Otherwise , it works well .
 I used 2623 wireless router for about a year . It required oftento reboot so I decided to download FW upgrade which should fixthis problem . After FW download , router stopped working completely.There is no phone number to call for tech . support . I senttwo mail and still no response.Never buy electronic product from company which does nothave phone support !
 Either I am insane or none of you are qualified to review this product . Personally , I 've owned six pairs of these and use them for hours on end each week . I wear them on 3-hour runs and I wear them in the computer lab here at school , so I think I know what I am talking about . Firstly , the product design for these headphones is the best I 've ever seen . These headphones weigh nothing . That is the reason these headphones are so great . I 've looked at other similar products by Sony -LRB- they make a model that look similar but are yellow -RRB- and by Aiwa and Koss and none of them are as good as these . They 're either a folding design , which is a definite no-no , or slightly bulkier and less comfortable . The sound is good . These would be the coolest , sleekest , lightest , most affordable headphones ever , except for one small problem . They do n't work!That 's right , after moderate use , the sound invariably goes out in one ear . This has happened in six of six pairs of these I 've owned . One pair I had lasted for a year . Another was broken THE SECOND I TOOK IT OUT OF THE BOX . The Mean Time Between Failure for the six pairs I 've owned is probably at or around 3 months . So , to sum up
 When I bought these , i was going for a running 's security headset . These , although they did n't pop out easily from just listening and reading or writing or even while on the bike , these had no chance of staying in my small ears while running . I like headphones that go into my ear vs. just sit on the little `` nook '' of my ear-hole . These did not accomplish this . If you are a runner or intense movement exerciser , these are n't for you . Otherwise , they are great .
 Ordered 2 of these headphones just weeks ago for use with iPod when working out and running . First one stopped working within days . Second one has been ok so far , but not a high quality product . At least it stays in the ears and on the head while running .
 Surprisingly enough , these headphones came out of the box with the wire already loose and causing some crackling sound when the wires were jostled . Plus , they sound horrible !
 Years ago had the same headset , The pair i owned had been run over and still kept kicking . The recent pair was sat on and broke .
 I have bought and tried two sets of these . The design is good -- stays on when running and is comfortable . But durability is very poor . The first was staticky from the get-go . The second soon became that way despite very careful handling . THe wire is just too thin and any movement near the plug causes static , or one ear goes in and out . I bought a Panasonic pairPanasonic RP-HT21 Lightweight Headphones with XBS Portat the same time that were even cheaper , and they are much more durable , and have better , more detailed sound as well . They had much thicker wire , and a little longer wire too . They just are not designed to stay on while running , unfortunately .
 I like how these work , but they need to be replaced every 2-to-3 months . If they lasted longer , I would like them more .
 I thought for the price I 'd give it a shot and now I 'm out the 8 bucks . Tried it for a run today and could not get it to stay on my head . I saw a review from a runner that loved it , not sure what the shape of his head is but this thing is terrible . Guess I 'll have to pony up for some sennheisers . Seriously , do n't bother .
 I used these on my iPod . I also used these for running . the sound is ok . Very little bass and kind trebly . They lasted about 6 months then stopped working all the while they kept deteriorating . The cord is very thin and very weak . I stepped on it twice and the wiring became exposed . The cord ultimately looked like an electrical taped mess . The left channel stopped working after 6 months . I would n't recommend these to anyone who is going to use these for working out in any way . I suppose they are fine for commuting or general use .
 Do n't do it ! Do n't waste your money like I did . I got these headphones and was n't even able to listen to ONE song !!! Not one song ! That 's because they NEVER worked . I opened the package and plugged them into my ipod and nothing ! Not to mention I could barely get the thing to fit on my head . I contacted the seller to see if we could arrange something before I gave them a negative review and they never responded to my email and I gave them 2 weeks . Just do n't waste your money like I did .
 I decided to try these based on all the positive reviews and the price . I run 3 days a week and lift at the gym 2 days . These failed the workout test.They kept falling off in the gym during various movements and , while running , they invariably needed adjusting.They may be OK for casual listening but are not intended for sports
 I swear my life 's quest has been finding a pair of suitable headphones/earphones to excercise in . I saw these and I thought ... oh SONY ! Perfect . Except no . When they were n't falling off my actual head , the buds refused to stay in my ear . They were so flimsy . Not quality like I would have expected of Sony . Maybe one day I will find some headphones ...
 The title says it all !! I believe that you should consider buying these headphones only if you have abnormal ears or you are an alien ! They do n't stay on in place even for a minute ! I use these while running on treadmill , and they just wo n't stay on !! The sound quality is great , no complaints at that end , however the design is the worst , that i 've ever seen ! I have never owned such uncomfortable headphones ever in my life ! In my opinion , AMAZON should stop selling these or issue a full refund of the product!The product did arrive in a timely manner and properly packed , but I ca n't stand it !! I waited for sometime to write a review , today , I could n't stand using them . Sony should reconsider designing such pathetic items and pull them off the market !! In brief , save your money and do n't even look into buying this , its a cheap product and deserves negative rating !!
 I bought these as a possible replacement for the Sony MDR-A35 headphones , which are apparently not available . These `` new '' headphones sound great , but they reek of `` cheap plastic crap '' syndrome . I 'm really surprised that Sony put its name on this product . I 'm not holding my breath that these headphones will stand up to a lot of normal use , let alone the usual abuse that occurs while exercising.Ugh !
 These headphones suck , and ended up in the garbage . Please excuse me for being negative , but these are not worth the money .
 the sound that comes out of this ear piece is horribleover the ear is better if it aint broke do n't fix itgive me back the old fashion headphones anytimesimple and light weight prefer one cord
 I like ear buds , but when I workout it seems like as I sweat I always have to adjust and push them back in , so I wanted to buy headphones that would stay in place . With the headband piece , this set stays in place , but the in-ear portion does n't fit without discomfort . I can get them close enough to my ears that I can faintly hear the music or tv , but not well enough to leave them like that for my entire workout . Or I can push them into my ear for a better fit , but they are hard plastic so they hurt . They are well made , the sound is great , and the head piece adjusts easily , but I ended up switching back to my ear buds because I do n't have to mess with them as much as these . Really disappointed . Glad I did n't pay too much .
 I gave my wife an old set of Sony MDR-014 which came with my Walkman and then regretted it years later , so I ordered this stand-alone equivalent . I LOVED those MDR-014 's , and the MDR-W08L 's are pretty much the same except they 're grey instead of white . However , when they arrived , there was absolutely no sound coming out of the right headphone no matter how much I wiggled the cord.I give this two stars , not because the left headphone really sounded awesome , but because Amazon refunded my order without requiring me to send it back . Good for them ! They trusted me enough to realize that it was n't worth the value of this $ 8.13 defective product to ship it back and dealt with me on the honor system . Kudos to Amazon for dealing with this reasonably .
 Received it and the left ear did n't work out of the box . I tried it in multiple devices . On top of that , the right ear did n't sound very good anyway . Returned it for a refund and got something else.Skip this and spend a little more money . Not worth the risk or poor quality even for listening to spoken word audio .
 It worked well for a month and then suddenly stop giving any sound . I do n't know whats wrong with it . I 'm going to try returning it . Not sure if it can be returned after just over a month .
 The sound is good . The fit is good . The wire is terrible . They last a few weeks and then break - maybe OK for super-gentle listening , but movement yanks the connections loose , either at the earpiece or the connector . Opened a new one which had a dead channel . Sent it to the warranty address on the package - it was returned as-is . No more .
 2 out of 5 items i ordered were broken . both had bad left ear pieces .
 I got this for gym use . The cable is shorted than what it should be for normal elliptical/treadmill use . Now one side stopped working . When the cable is held is one particular position , the sounds comes back indicating it 's a contact issue where the cable joins the ear piece . This ear phone is comfortable but I do not recommend it .
 I love these headphones . I really do . But they do n't work for very long . I 've probably owned about a dozen of these - back in 2003 or something , you could buy a pair and they would last you for a year . Around 05 or 06 , the pairs generally started to last for around 4-6 months . I would gladly pay $ 30 dollars for these if they last for a year - they 're that great .
 These are extremely flimsy . They are hard to adjust perfectly so that both earpieces stay in the ears . While I am running , the left earpiece always slides out of my ear and creeps up . I am constantly adjusting them and sticking back in my ear . It defeats the whole purpose of my buying them - to have a set that I can run with . These replaced one I lost that worked beautifully .
 Headphone sound quality is decent . Extremely light weight.Being 6ft tall I found the cord to be way too short tohave iPod shuffle in my pocket . The cord is also slightlytoo short to plug into the cardio station at the gym.If you 're 5 ' 10 '' or taller , I do not recommend this product.Try Sony MDR-A35 instead .
 i really like the feel of them but i found out after i got them that i really needed a great sound . if you dont mind having not so great bass and heavy sound then you would like these . light as a feather .
 I was leery after reading reviews that they break after a few months of every day use , but for the price , I bought them anyways . I used to own a Sony yellow pair of headphones just like this , they worked AWESOME for about 12 yrs . then broke this past summer . As a runner , I loved them because they were light , small , and did n't fall out of my ears like those retched ear buds . I wanted something similar . Unfortunately Sony makes crap now , and this pair I bought just stopped working 5 months later after using them 4-5 days a week for about 30-60 minutes each day . I 'm so disappointed I ca n't find a pair of headphones just like these that actually work for a few years .
 It sounded fine but here are my problems.First - it ' does n't bend so you can easily and carefully put it in your gym bag.Second - I treat it like a baby , and it still broke . Sound is all glitchy and only coming in and out . There is no reason for it to be broken already .
 The reason to have a headphone like this is to have something that stays on the head better than ear buds while doing physical activity . These do not do a very good job at that . The headset is too rigid , it does not conform well to the head . It does adjust for ear position , but that does not do much to keep the headset fit more snug on the head . They WILL fall off when you are doing moderate physical activity . And it does n't take much force for something to swipe them off -LRB- like a strong wind -RRB- . I can get that with ear buds , so in a way this product fails.The cord also needs at least another foot in length . My height is as average as a guy can be at 6 feet . But you can not put your phone or ipod in your pant pocket without the cord tugging too much on the headset -LRB- and eventually pulling them off -RRB- . The cord is just too short to extend from the head to the bottom of typical pant pockets without being to tight . Plan on buying a separate arm strap , or having a shirt or top with a pocket closer to the head.Speaker sound is the only thing about this product that is passable . It 's not high fidelity , but good enough when on the go.The price is cheap . But that really means nothing if the headset ca n't stay on the head reliably when moving around .
 The cord is only 3 feet long making it difficult to use for any practical purpose . Recommend against purchasing . I bought , tried to use , and returned the item .
 I read all the reviews before I bought these earphones , they all seemed to say that these earphones were comfortable to wear . I 've had these earphones for over 1 month now and I still ca n't find a way to wear these earphones without them falling out . These earphones also makes you seem like you are wearing a hair band because of the way you 're supposed to wear them .
 this is the second set of the same headphones from the same seller . this is the second time the right earpiece failed . it has some sort of short in it that causes sound to go in and out . this review is an attmept to prompt the seller to replace the item at its cost . an upgrade to a more reliable model is preferrable .
 I had used these for many years . The quality of the headphones is getting worse . I used it 3 times and I ca n't hear out of 1 side .
 They are so light weight I feel like I have to hold them on . The fit is odd too . The speakers face away from the ear canal . I guess I will keep looking for a good headset to run with .
 The cord was way too short and I could n't use it . Luckily a coworker bouhght it from me or I would have returned it immediately .
 These headphones have lousy audio quality . There 's almost no bass , they sound tinny , and they easily distort at higher volumes . They 're good for spoken word , but not much else . And the cord just long enough to possibly fit my player into my pocket while these are on my head .
 I run 3-4 times per week . These headphones are good for a very light workouts , but not durable for the average runner . Spend the extra money and get a more quality set .
 Very uncomfortable , ESPECIALLY if you have smaller ears , or are unused to bare plastic earphones . Admittedly , I have been spoiled by headphones and padded/suction earphones , but these things are nearly unbearable to wear - no padding , and the bend in the shape makes the plastic constantly rub against your ear if you move at all.And if you 're thinking of doing any exercise at all with these , think again . They consistently fall off your head , and even small jumps can dislodge the earpieces.For as cheap as they are they 're quite sturdy -LRB- some same priced earphones will completely fall apart within a week of use -RRB- . I 've had them for more than two months , and they are still quite functional . Then again , I have n't put them through any rough treatment.The redeeming quality is the sound . The quality is indeed quite good , and though you would n't guess to look at them , the bass comes off quite nicely.Overall , only buy it if you have iron ears , and do n't plan on using these on the move .
 The sound in the headphones is fine and I really liked the fact they were light and fit over the head but the earbuds never really seemed to fit and they were slightly hard and uncomfortable . Maybe it is by design that they do not fit snug in the ear but while I was walking and jogging the wind kept whistling around the earbuds and I could n't tune it out . -LRB- this was n't a windy day either , just the normal air that would pass by you while walking or jogging . -RRB- The fact that they kept slipping coupled with the wind noise issue kept me distracted and aggitated to the point where I could n't enjoy my work out . I 'm going to go ahead and keep them and use them for a back up in case my headphones at work go out but these will not be used with my mp3 player as intended .
 I am on my second pair of these headsets , both of which have had a `` shorting '' problem with the left earphone . As a runner , I think perspiration is the culprit.So I have had to downgrade my initial review . I would not recommend these for folks who sweat.They sound great for the price . Very light plastic construction which fit snugly in ears and on head . I run 4.5 miles at a time and this headset stays put . They are not hinged anywhere hence do not fold and will not fit in a small pocket . But they are flexible enough to squeeze into a larger one .
 MDR-E828LP is a much better . I brought both . MDR-W08L is not comfortable . Feels like it is going to come off any second . Sound is not good . I will not buy this one again .
 I 'll do a simple pros-and-cons here , but will summarize by saying I was highly disappointedPros : Sound is excellent and rich . That 's it.Cons : Very short cord.Buds pop out of the ear easily , although I had no trouble with the headset falling off.Difficult to place buds in the ear for good sound.Biggest negative
 I picked these up because I like to run and thought some lightweight headphones would be more comfortable for longer runs . I was wrong . These are indeed extremely lightweight but that 's not a good thing . They never stay in place and I am constantly readjusting them . They always feel like they are about to fall off of my head . It 's very annoying and I have already stopped using them for this reason.If you 're considering some lighter headphones for working out with , it 's just not worth it to save a gram here or there in weight . Headphones like these are never really heavy in the first place , so just get some normal ones and skip these.Sound quality was fine . I do n't expect theater quality sound from any pair of cheap headphones .
 I typically do not leave reviews on anything , much less a Sony item . I 'm usually a big fan of Sony . These headphones however , are crap . They arrived , and right out of the box one ear does not work ! WORTHLESS ! So , in order to get my $ 8.63 back , I have to pack these up drive to UPS , and pay to ship them back . Not worth my time , effort , or money . Sometimes a cheap price just is n't worth it . You get what you pay for . I bought some JVC headphones for about $ 25 and they 're great .
 Maybe its my shape of ears , but these headphones are not comfortable , especially in my right ear . They are n't flexible at all so I guess It 's `` either they fit great or ... Not at all '' . Also the cord arrived linked at the plug end and when plugged into my mp3 player , I get some fuzz unless I hold the cord straight . Not impressed . I 'll stick to buds I guess .
 These headphones are just ` ok ' . the sound is ok , but they are a little flimsy and do n't stay in place very well . They are not what I was expecting . The price was cheap , so I guess you get what you pay for .
 I bought two pairs of these because I really liked how they fit and how good the sound quality was . Unfortunetly both pairs broke within two weeks . The first pair one of the cords ripped right out of the ear piece , and the second pair , one of the ear pieces does n't have any sound now . I 'm really disapointed that both pairs broke because I really liked them while they lasted .
 The fellow who indicated that they only work for a few months is absolutely correct . The wire they use for these headphones does n't stand up to much wear . I 've fixed a few pair , but it is a pain . Same problem every time . At any point where the cable is bent -LRB- 1 -RRB- where there is strain relief to mitigate this problem at the plug in side and -LRB- 2 -RRB- just inside the headpiece where the wire bends to get to the speaker , the wires will break within a few months . I also would pay $ 30 for them if they just lasted a year or more .
 I liked everything about these headphones - the design , the lightweight feel , the comfort , the sound , etc - except for one thing . When running or exercising , the perspiration seemed to track right down the frame of the headphones and filled my ear with sweat . Once covered in sweat , they stopped working . I constantly had to take them off and wipe them off . I guess I 'm going to have to go back to earphones that go in the canal and form a seal against water and sweat .
 I 've had 3 or 4 pair of these and I thought they were awesome . I liked how they went into your ears as far as they did , there 's a reason I 've have 3 or 4 of these . One of the speakers kept getting static in it . And I had to keep adjusting them , not very good for working out . If you like that they are a in ear type style may I suggest spending a little more and going with the Creative Headphones EP-630 . I used to like these Sony 's a lot until I tryed the Creative ones , they are incredable . The bass is out of the world , and you do n't have to adjust them even once and they are really comfortable . If you go for the Creative Headphones EP-630 you wo n't be dissapointed . If you like the in ear style , if you do n't the Creative 's are not for you .
 The sound comes in and out and is full of static . I use these for work , and they are such poor quality . I would never purchase these again and if I could get a hold of the seller to return them , I would .
 Yes , these headphones are about $ 10 . Yes , they work good enough to listen to tunes or TV while you workout.However , these headphone will only last you for about 6 months . After 6 months , one of the ears will go out . Listening to music and TV through one ear is very annoying , as I am sure many of you will confirm . I have gone though about half a dozen of these same headphones in my lifetime and all of them have ended up in a landfill.Why did I go through half a dozen of these headphones you ask ? 1 . I am a cheap mofo . 2 . I trusted you Sony!Do your wallet and the Earth a favor and spend a little extra money for good quality headphones which will last you for years to come . I know I learned my lesson ... the hard way.On a side note , the chord on these headphones are little short , so plugging them to the TV on a treadmill at a gym creates a little discomfort that you will get used to .
 I knew they were a cheap pair of headphones , but they cut out in one ear the first time I used them . Save your money and get a good pair ! I liked the style and the over the head , but if they do n't work , then it 's pointless .
 While the design looks just like my older model the audio range is not the same . These are very muddy & tinny with a narrow range in sound . I should have double check the model # before ordering these . These will be my emergency backup headphones I guess , but I doubt I 'll use them .
 I recently purchased this headphone set because it fits in the ear over the head . I have used it only one month and it is not working properly ; the connection at the jack is losing contact . I have used it very slightly and would not reccomend it .
 They are ok when plugged into a PC , but at higher volume on an ipod , they tend to crackle . Also wish the wire was about 12 inches longer .
 These are the only head phones that stay on while I run or go to the gym . Earbuds do not work in my ears and the ones with over the ear clips do n't stay in place . I can easily pull them out of my ear to talk to someone . If I want to run for a bit without music , they hang around my neck without any problems . The sound is great . However , like another reviewer , I have had 3 break on me . After several months , the wire connections break either by the ear piece or the connector . -LRB- If I wiggle the wire , I can get a intermittent response . -RRB- I have now had 3 pair of this model plus 2 of similar Sony products fail . Why ca n't they use decent strain relief on the cables.I am done with Sony headphones and will start trying other brands .
 I have owned two pairs of these headphone . Each pair has developed the same problem after about 90 days -LRB- just after the warrantee period -RRB- . The right headphone speaker shorts out and stops working . After taking both pairs apart I found that Sony knots the wire inside the headphone to prevent it from coming out but in the process damages the wires inside causing a short . My advice , do n't waste you money on these .
 This did n't even stay in my head when I walked . The shape of the ear buds is terribly uncomfortable . I thought it would be a good deal , but I got what I paid for -LRB- but worse -RRB- .
 Just purchased the addidas cx 680i . . you really get what you pay for with these , spend some money and get some nice head phones
 I feel like the lone ranger here giving this product a less than glowing review , but that 's what reviews are for , right ? I found this headset to be very light and flimsy . One side worked about 80 % and the other side about 40 % . I was in the process of returning the item , but Amazon said no need . Since I was `` a valued customer '' , I could keep the item and they 'll refund the money anyway . Two thumbs up for Amazon !!!
 I ordered these to use for running . The sound quality was not great , but they stayed in my ears decently . The problem was that by the second time I used them I started feeling little electric shocks in my ear , -LRB- and no I did not use them in wet weather , not do I sweat much during runs in the cold of winter -RRB- . They 're in the trash now ... not worth returning .
 the head phone doesn &#8217; t stay in my ears . the sound quality is just horrible . I hate this . Just put it in a box and never use it . don &#8217; t waste your money on this .
 These headphones are extremely flimsy and lack the kick needed to accurately reproduce music and even speech . The Sony MDR-A44L was the benchmark of the vertical in-the-ear design . It 's a shame that Sony discontinued the MDR-A44L in favor of the overly cheapened MDR-W08L .
 I have used the Sony MDR-A35 sport headphones for many years . They were great because they sat in my ears comfortably and had great sound . Plus they didn &#8217; t slip off my head , were fairly sweat resistant and would fold up nicely into my gym bag . Unfortunately , one day the sound went out in one ear and I needed to get a replacement . I was really dismayed to find out that they don &#8217; t make that model anymore . It was a really good product , even if each pair only lasted about 5 years.Now I &#8217; ve come to learn that no one makes good folding headphones that sit in the ear . I don &#8217; t really like using ear buds when I exercise and all the other styles are annoying . For one , they &#8217; re a real pain to deal with when they &#8217; re not in your ears . I like to just drop the headphones onto my shoulders like a collar when I &#8217; m not using them . Also earbuds are not that comfortable when you sweat . Most reviewers hated the Sony MDR-AS35 headphones that seemed to replace my model -LRB- what a difference an S makes -RRB- after reading other reviews , I decided to try out these , hoping that they &#8217; d be similar to my old Sony &#8217; s but without the folding part.Well , these headphones aren &#8217; t similar at all . In fact , they &#8217; re not very good . The biggest problem I find with them is that they are way too flimsy . They don &#8217; t stay aligned on my head . Lean forward or move to the side and the headphone band moves forward , and then the speaker moves around in your ear and the sound quality gets awful . If you need to use them when you &#8217; re doing any kind of motion at all , these are simply terrible . Even when I &#8217; m on the elliptical machine , they don &#8217; t stay positioned very well . When I wipe the sweat off my brow , that knocks it out of place half the time.When they are situated exactly in the right spot , the sound quality is decent , but not nearly as good as the old MDR-A35s . So I only recommend them if you &#8217; re going to be using them and being very still .
 static from the moment you plug it in . Ca n't even put the cable in a position where you wo n't get static .
 Just got these headphones figuring they would feel and sound like the sony walkman headsets of old but they do not . Cheap feeling plastic , thin sound , no bass and strange wire exit from the speakers make the headset a sub par replica . They are not worth a penny more than 5 bucks . Its not worth going through the hasstle of returning , so I 'll just keep them as a backup . Guess I have to deal with the modern earbud style to get decent sound quality . Oh well .
 I should have known but I 'm a slow learner . I 've had this pair in the past and forgot how I did n't like them . It produces a hollow sound that lacks stereo . I 'm getting used to it and they will work until they get broken . THEN I 'll buy a pair that works a lot better .
 Unhappy with this purchase because the small ear plugs were uncomfortable for me . Gave it to my wife who seems happy with it .
 I almost skipped this product due to the low price and what I assumed would be poor sound quality . Unfortunately I was fooled by the good reviews and place an order . The sound quality really is poor . I had the volume on up to full on my ipod and could barely hear the music over the background noise in the gym . What little I could hear was tinny and barely recognizable as music . This is not an anti-Sony rant - I have gone back to my tried and trusted -LRB- but more expensive -RRB- Sony MDR-AS20J . They are double the price but 10 times the quality .
 the sound went out in my old headphones so this one looked pretty good . i ordered them and when they arrived i was so disappointed . these headphones are very light but thats because their so cheaply made . it feels like if i sneeze while wearing them they would just rip apart . the wires also feel like that so you got ta be very careful to not tear them up . They are also very short on me so if i put them in my pocket while at the gym they keep on pulling my head down when i walk around . -LRB- im 5.9 '' by the way -RRB- i placed an order for a different product and hopefully its more durable then this ...
 These headphones are way too flimsy to stay put when running on the treadmill . They fit fine when I 'm still , but as soon as I start running , one side comes out and rests on my outer ear , while the other side is barely in , not to mention the head band keeps migrating down . I kept having to adjust it while exercising , which was super annoying . Next time I 'll shell out the extra money to get the Sony MDR-A35G S2 , still lightweight but stay put in your ears .
 I am writing a review on these , although I never write reviews -LRB- and I should , check my review history -RRB- , because they are so bad . I am not happy about this situation . So unbelievably bad , it is utterly mind boggling that these POS 's have 746 review 's at 4/5 stars - I cant even begin to wrap my brain around that . I have multiple degrees in engineering , dedicated my life to the application of modern science to such `` problems '' . And then I spend $ 8.51 for a pair of headphones that might as well have been given as a freebie in a happy meal . These headphones are crappier than the ones you got with your off-brand walkman when you were 7 . The worst part is that I would pay a King 's ransom for a pair of headphones that actually works , but all I can get is POS 's like this . I 've probably read at least a few million reviews on Amazon , and I feel like a shank because I never contribute . When I see reviews like the one I am writing right now , I dismiss the writer as a cynic . It is what it is , if this product blows your skirt up , then have at it . If you buy the Craftsman instead of the Makita , these headphones are for you .
 I bought this headphone 2 months ago , and it already stopped playing any sound on the right side . Very disappointed . I run with it every other day for only an hour , so only a total of 30 hours of playing and it is already kaput . Cheap material and poor construction quality .
 Found these inexpensive earphones . On the first use , the right earphone quit after about 15 seconds . Sounded great while they lasted ! I 'm going to get a replacement and see if they last longer . Call me crazy , but I think just because a thing is cheap , does n't mean it should n't work !
 After reading reviews of these headphones on this site and others , I took the chance thinking it was n't that much wasted if they did n't last long . I also liked the style - I did n't want ear buds which take more `` prep time '' to put in when I 'm at the gym . However , I was unable to use these Sony MDR-W08L - they gave me a shock within one minute of use . I tried using them on different electronic devices -LRB- 6 in all -RRB- and each time , I received an electronic shock every few minutes while using them . Another minus - the cord is shorter than most - I 'd rather have a longer one that allows for more adjustment to an individual 's different heights even if it needs to be wrapped a little bit.On the plus side , I asked for and received an immediate credit from Amazon , and was able to get a different model/style altogether , and it 's working great .
 I bought these headphones b/c they were reviewed in Shape magazine . It was said that they stay in place and you barely even notice you 're wearing them . WRONG ! These headphones drift out of my ears as I run , and it 's completely random as to which side will stay in . Sometimes both sides pop out ! It 's so frustrating and annoying as I 'm running to constantly be pushing them back in . The sound is great when both earpieces are actually in my ears , but that is rarely the case ! Beware !
 they sound ok , except what good it 's for if earpieces constantly fall out and the head band wo n't stay put . And how could it be otherwise the way they are build as little speakers rigidly facing forward . I saw some reviewers claiming the opposite , but I think they got confused about the product they are reviewing , or else they have heads shaped to special Sony specifications . I finally lost them somewhere to which I could only say
 These headphones are definitely a bottom tier set . The frequency response is poor at both ends of the spectrum and everywhere in between . The sound reproduction quality is muddy . They distort badly at a relatively low volume . They still beat ear pods which for me , are an abomination . Keep a set handy for those times when your others are broken or `` lost '' somewhere in your home or auto .
 I wanted earbuds on a light headband , but these do n't fit in my ear far enough to hear the sound well , and are quickly uncomfortable in my ear too .
 Not impressed . I went out to a store and found a much more comfortable pair of headphones . Ordering this particular product was a futile waste of my time . They are now just sitting on a shelf collecting dust !
 Headphones are uncomfortable . They do n't seem to fit right no matter how you try to wear them , and always seem to tilt forward on your head such that the headband ends up infront of your face . No amount of adjusting made this better.Sound is tinny , sounds awful compared to even the stock ipod headphones.When running with these headphones , they seem to direct wind into your ear , and fall off your head . These suck
 I was wondering why these headphones were so inexpensive , now I know . I 'm returning them because they are way too flimsy and do n't fit well .
 It 's about $ 7 for a reason ... Unless you hate using the headphones offered by airlines , do NOT buy this item . Wayyyyy too loose ; felt like having a a large shopping bag handle behind my head , the audio was n't loud enough to drown out the crowd/train nose in the subway ; at all , and just by looking at it you can tell that a newborn could break it in half . Audiophiles , beware of this item .
 Head phones do not stay on head . I have a lot of hair so maybe that is why they fall off . Useless for me to use .
 I run with my headphones one , and this model was not good for that ! after 3 months , only one side worked .
 It is very light . The sound is ok . But it does not stay over my head , I can hardly do much when I wear it , no way for work out or jogging .
 I loved them while they worked . I used them whenever I used my iPod because they 're louder than earbuds . I also wanted something that would n't come off when I was jogging . They served that purpose until one of the headphones went out , followed by the other . You get what you pay for ...
 The sound quality on these headphones are not bad , but the way they fit irritates me . I have a normal sized head and they fit so loose you would swear they were made for not a human but perhaps a moose instead . I have n't had the full affect of the sounds because they barely tickle my ears . I bought these becase I do n't really like ear buds , but I did n't want bulky head phones while exercising either . What a mistake . Next time I will go in to an actual store to purchase some headphones a bit more snug . Other than that they came in when they said they would and they were in the condition described . I love amazon , hate the headphones I bought . Oh and the return policies are horrid ...
 Used about 3 or 4 times , and sound now only comes out of one ear . Too much hassle to return .
 These are as cheap and flimsy as anything I 've ever owned . Sound quality is decent but I do n't think they will last with daily use . Also the cord is too short for my taste . Anyway , that 's my 2 cents which is what these are worth .
 This is the third pair of these headphones I have bought . Although one side inevitably stops working , I keep buying them because they are inexpensive . I will not buy them again . The pair I just received crackle in my ear in an almost shock like manner . Needless to say , I can not use them . Do n't waste your money . Not worth it for even less than $ 10 .
 I really like the feel of these , most headphones hurt my head or ears , but these do n't . However after my first pair failed in the right ear , I thought I would give them the benefit of the doubt . Now on my second pair , and the right ear failed again ! I was happy with them the first time , but now I would NOT recommend these to anyone .
 I had these only a few weeks when the left side stopped working . Now less then a year old the right side stopped working . Waste of money , threw the whole thing out b/c it is useless now . Do not waste your money .
 The feedback via the metal prong was so bad I did n't actually get to try them out . They did n't fit right , the materials they were made from reminded me of a .25 toy from a machine . They had no chance in this life time of staying in my ears - running with them is out of the question.Since I could n't hear with them and they would n't fit in my ears - there is no possible use I can imagine for these headphones other than yard sale for .10 . Even a cheapo $ 3.00 pair of headphones from any outlet will be better quality then these . I have never seen such a crude set of headphones - ever and I 'm really surprised they have the Sony brand name attached .
 I have never written a review for a product before on Amazon but felt compelled to do so for these headphones as they have a major design flaw that needs to be addressed by Sony and that is such a major issue I would advise against buying them.Out of the box these sound great , very good for the price and comfortable in the ear . I have a problem with ear buds such as the iPod ones hurting my ears and do not have a problem with these.However , there is a big problem with these headphones . I have owned 2 pairs and they have both suffered from the same issue . After about 6 months use the connection in one ear goes . Shortly after the connection in the other ear goes . You can kind of wiggle the wire that goes into the headphone around to get the sound back , which suggests its the way wire goes into the headphone that is causing the problem . The wire goes in at the front and it looks like it wears thin after a while.I know these are only $ 9.99 , but to have the same problem with 2 pairs suggests this is not an isolated incident . I would strongly advise against buying these as although they sound great out of the box , after prolonged use both pairs I have owned failed in the same way and are effectively junk after that .
 Sound was crackling and the band part of headphones was so flimsy they barely stayed in place . I gave them to a friend and she uses them with her Kindle and loves them . They did n't work well with my ipod to use at the gym .
 I buy many headphones , they ALL start out fine . But after using them a couple of time for running , one of the sides stops working and they constantly shift when you run . I find it very annoying when you run , you try to concentrate on your running but instead you have to constantly fix your headphones ... I tried everything !
 I went through 2 of these . Both were very nice before they blew out . They last me a little less than a year . They deliver a nice loud crisp sound especially for their small package but they do n't last their lifetime which does not work for me .
 These headphones are truly awful . They are not worth it for any price . They sounds exceptionally bad , are not at all comfortable and do n't stay put . I replaced them withSennheiser PMX 685i SPORTS In-Ear Neckband Headphones - Blackwhich fit well in my ears , sound good and do n't shift around at all . They also have a button and a mic allowing for phone calls etc. .
 the headphones did n't fit the cd player I bought them for so I ca n't use them . I 'm thinking about giving them to some one who can use them .
 Lets see , I bought these in May and now its September and guess what ... no just guess ... ok I give you 3 guesses .1 -RRB- they work superb - no wrong2 -RRB- they work average - no wrong3 -RRB- they suckhahahahha yesss they suck . They already stopped working . The sound breaks up real bad and I have to keep turning the knob around to hear ` cept when Im running it not so convenient . Well what do you expect anyway . Want my money back imo . Bro !
 Flimsy , wo n't stay on your head and they have lousy sound . Zero stars maximum . I ca n't believe Sony would actually put their name on these .
 Right headphone stopped working after two weeks . Flimsy and cheaply made . Next time I will spend more on something that actually WORKS .
 When I purchased these headphones I looked at the reviews first . There were some who liked it and some who did n't , because it did not last long . So I took a chance and that chance has cost me ! I had these headphones for about four months before the headphones gave out on me . The sound was good , it fits in my ear comfortably , and they did not break . I used these head phones almost everyday . So I have to give this review and convince you ... DO NOT BUY !!!!! SAVE YOUR MONEY FOR SOMETHING THAT WILL LAST FOR YEARS AND NOT MONTHS !!! Because you will end up throwing your money away !
 I really like these headphones . They stay in my ear and do n't fall out when I get sweaty from exercising . The sound quality is decent . The headphones stay in place much better than any other headphone I 've tried . The reason I give them only 1 star is that the product has terrible durability . I 've gone through several pairs and each time the same thing happens
 These are meant to be sport headphones . The molded plastic band prevents the buds from staying in the ears completely as either one or the other will pop out . I tried bending the band in several places to improve the angle but the `` memory '' of the plastic band restores itself and one of the buds will exit the ear . These would probably fit someone with a larg head just fine .
 I 've worn Philips turbo bass heandband headphones for years while running and for hours at work . Their new design is excruciatingly uncomfortable so I needed to look elsewhere . Ordered these since the reviews were good and they were inexpensive.Very disappointed . These are very cheaply made and the sound is horrible . Very flimsy , and I do n't believe they 'd hold up well . You get what you pay for.However , I also ordered Sony MDR-AS35W headphones -LRB- $ 25 - $ 30 -RRB- to try as well . I highly recommend paying the extra money for those - well worth it . Good sound quality -LRB- comparable to Turbo bass -RRB- and extremely comfortable . I 've worn mine all day at work for a couple of weeks . I 'll be order more of those .
 These headphones feel very cheap and flimsy . The sound quality is great with a good low end -LRB- bass -RRB- , and they are certainly more durable than they feel . But they are cheaply made and will not last . The left earphone became temperamental and eventually stopped working altogether . I believe this is due to the wiring not being securely attached - it is probably cheaply soldered with no other support.The most frustrating thing is that the warranty is for 90 days and this is how long mine lasted . A replacement pair would probably break also . Do n't be tempted by the price like i was - put the money towards something of better quality .
 I bought these earphones based on all the good reviews . The sound was good , seemed sturdy enough for just treadmill running , and I was looking forward to at least a year of usability . Unfortunately , the sound started to go out and get spotty acutely during a run and it 's very annoying . Lasted about 6 months so obviously I did n't get to a year .
 I have smaller ears and ear buds really do n't work for me . So hearing all the great reviews , I bought it . This kinda sticks in one ear , and then falls out of the other , particularly if I move at all . . or chew . Forward-facing , vertical in - ear style might have been ok if it actually fit in . .
 No bass , OK for voice , but otherwise a cheap pair of headphones . I wish Sony would make a better quality pair of headphones in this style , over the head , small and collapsible for running or traveling .
 Decent treble and highs , absolutely no base . If you are looking for something cheap and cheerful fine , otherwise , would recommend senheisers running headphones for much better performance .
 I used these while running because most ` normal ' earphones kept falling out . This item has so many Pros and only one con that makes me give only 2 starts.Pros : - Lightweight-Cheap -LRB- super-cheap in fact -RRB- - Stays on through most vigorous exercise and you cant even feel it 's there-Great sound quality and good volume for price-The plastic band holds its shape/strength despite putting it in various shapes -LRB- like thrown in my backpack with many other things -RRB- for daysCons : - After a couple of months of using it I started hearing static noise from one of the sides . I wonder if it was because of my sweat , but the they are now useless . I guess these are not sweat proof -LRB- It does n't say so and they do n't appear to be -RRB- . So if you are considering using this for exercise , think again . Otherwise , these are great earphones for the price .
 I ordered this unit on May 12 of this year -LRB- 2012 -RRB- . It is now July 21 and I am having to buy more headphones as the wire , down next to the plug , has broken on one side and I can only hear both channels if I HOLD the wire in a certain position . The sound was quite acceptable , they are nice and lightweight , and the over-the-head band was EASILY held in place with a ball cap . But they are just too fragile for me to be able to recommend them .
 what you pay its what you get . thats all i have to say for this product . thanks for reading . l
 This is not a Canon battery as implied - it is a third party battery . So far it seems to work ok but cheaper non-Canon batteries are available .
 Price is good for an entry level lens but personally I really disliked it . I returned it after taking a couple test photos , the focusing with the lens is in my opinion is louder than acceptable . I returned this and purchased the 50mm f1 .4 lens .
 I returned this lens and got the Sigma 50mm . There 's a reason the Sigma is more expensive , it takes better photos . Do n't waste your precious photographic moments with this Canon lens . You can have better bokeh , more clarity and less distortion with the Sigma . Also , if you have other 77mm filter sized lenses , the you can share your polarizer , ND and UV filters with the Sigma 50mm f1 .8 instead of buying a whole new set for this little Canon lens . A good polarizer , UV and a couple NDs will end up costing you the price difference .
 the lens had a defect . Almost broke my camera . Did n't realize the lens had a defect and I tried to put it on my camera . I returned the item and got my money back .
 save your money for the 1.4 . . plastic build and really hit or miss on quality.my friend loves this thing , but i hated it . after selling it to him , i picked up the 1.4 version -LRB- i know 3x the price . . -RRB- and it made a huge difference.i 'm in the `` you get what you pay for '' camp on this one . . if feels really flimsy , the front of it can pop out easily , and while pics were n't horrible , they simply were not the quality of the 1.4
 This lens is overrated . I just took two shots of newspaper print with my XSI camera in low-light . One with this 50mm f1 .8 lens at 1/160 and f2 .8 , and the other with my 18-55mm IS kit lens at 1/40 , f5 .6 . The resulting image with the 18-55mm kit lens was much sharper . So my simple test proved -LRB- to me anyways -RRB- that the IS makes the kit lens a better low-light performer -LRB- unless you need the higher shutter speed to stop the action -RRB- . The only other reason to get this lens is the shallower depth-of-field afforded by the wider aperture . I would really find this useful , but the other thing I 've noticed about this lens is that it often misses the focus . So I ca n't trust it.Also feels far too fragile to throw the lens in my camera bag .
 After reading all the great reviews and along with its price , I said `` Hey , why not ? '' . Well , I should n't have . The lens housing is flimsy -LRB- think Cracker Jack box -RRB- . I knew this going in , but even I was suprised to see HOW flimsy it was in person . Everyone seems to rave about its sharpness and color quality . It seems to compare to my lens kit , which is an 18-55mm Ultrasonic f/3 .5 -5.6 in terms of sharpness/color . I also shot it against my Canon 50mm f/2 .5 Compact-Macro -LRB- w / aperture & shutter speed set the same , on a tripod for exact results -RRB- . The results were pretty well dead on . I could n't see a huge difference in the two.After shooting with this lens for a couple of hours , I decided to put it back in its box , and send it back . I do n't see what all the hype is about . To top it off , it 's a prime -LRB- non-zoom -RRB- lens . I thought I could look past this to get those `` great shots '' everyones talking about . After having to move back and forth shooting my products , I was almost to tired to package the box for the return ... I would n't recommend getting this lens . Save up and buy a better quality piece of glass . Hope this helps some of you sitting on the fence .
 This lens takes great pictures , but why spend $ 85 for such a limited lens . Save your money and buy one that has a 17-55 range .
 For some odd reason everyone thinks you `` must '' own this lens simply because it is so inexpensive compared to other lenses . I tried it , and was not happy at all . Indoors , it never seemed to want to auto-focus . And switching to manual is no fun because the manual focus ring is too small and seems almost flimsy/sloppy to use . The image quality was mediocre , at best . I found that I rarely used this lens for much of anything . I only used it a handful of times to play with to see what it could do , but never found it to be a must-have lens . Sure the bokeh of an f1 .8 is neat , but spend an extra couple hundred on a better quality 50mm if you must have one .
 This lens was in a box but not wrapped properly . There was bubble wrap in the box but not around the lens . The bubble wrap was wadded up in one end of the box to keep the lens from moving . This brand new lens arrived needing to be repaired . Never again .
 Pros
 Out of focus out of the box , tried so many shots with 7D with different setting but did not improved . Do n't know that i had a defected on or just because how it isAny recommendation to get the lens in price range but it work better than thisPlease , helpThank you
 The lens would not switch from auto to manual focus at all . The switch was stuck in the autofocus setting like it was superglued there . I took a couple of test shots and the lens would not focus at all . Everything was blurry even with one subject at five feet . Lens was sent to Canon for repair the same day I received it .
 I bought this lens to shoot newborn photos . It was a great depth of field and the images turned out clear and crisp . I loved all the photos I took with it . Note
 Maybe I had bad luck . I bought this a new 50mm/1 .8 from amazon , unfortunately it is front focus . I sent it back to Canon service center twice , first time they replaced the motor -LRB- they said the motor was not working well -RRB- , second time they replaced the barrel -LRB- they said the barrel was distorted -RRB- . But it still has the `` front focus '' problem . So this lens is almost useless for me , and I almost never used it , and it is still `` NEW '' in the box .
 Good lens are expensive and when people find a nice piece of glass for cheap the buzz goes around . Many time that buzz is spread by people who have never owned or used the lens . It becomes automatic assumption that because it is a 50mm prime , it should be great . Do n't believe the hype.The first buzz about this lens is its advantage to the Nikon equivalent because this lens will AF with all the Canon Rebels DSLR . Just be ware that the AF on this lens is horribly inaccurate so you will end up having to manual focus anyways , and that is a pain because of the design of the AF ring.The second buzz about this lens is that it is great for low light photography because its f1 .8 max aperture . Just be aware that this lens is useless at f1 .8 , it is soft and flat in color , and I mean it . This lens becomes useful only after f2 .8 so the whole low light advantage is only a myth.To be honest , I have gotten better and sharper results from the camera kit lens and for that I would caution you to spend your money wisely on a different lens .
 This lens is worth about what you pay for it . It 's very soft around the edges when wide open . Optics are so-so , but the build quality is very cheap . I think someone else likened it to a `` Cracker Jack Toy '' . That pretty much sums it up . This lens , if put to good use in the field , would literally fall apart . It felt so `` cheap '' in my hands ... rattle ... creaking , loose , cheap . I got rid of it just as quick as I bought it .
 I 've had this lens for almost 3 years , and use it occasionally for the wide aperture . While I agree on many accounts that it is a great quality lens for the price you pay , a shoot I did today has revealed some rather unpleasant qualities to me . Doing roughly 900 shots mounted on a tripod -LRB- for a stop motion test series -RRB- under continuous lighting , I completed and packed up my gear only to find vast inconsistencies within the shots during post . Taking one shot by remote trigger every 5-6 seconds , strong vignettes could be seen in some shots while others without , some shots would be significantly darker , some lighter and even the frame seems to shift on its own and distort sporadically . I later did tests on another prime I own under the same conditions and none of these issues were present.Considering the little use I 've gotten from this lens , I ca n't see how these issues would be a product of wear and tear -LRB- if it is however , that really is n't saying much for the build quality -RRB- . I could n't quite justify upgrading to the f1 .4 EF or L-series 50mm until I had to deal with hours of wasted effort . Do yourself a favor and invest in better glass - while the 50mm 1.8 is a wonderfully useful lens for the price , it 's not worth the frustration it will eventually cause you .
 I 'm happy and I 'm disappointed . I 'm happy I did n't buy the big sister to this lens . Not at 4 times the cost of this lens . From f1 .8 to about f4 .0 this lens is almost useless . I know , I know , a lot of people have shots posted here that they like at 1.8 , but if you could blow them up to 100 % , you 'd see what we used to call grain and is now referred to as noise . This lens eats light for breakfast , and little into lunch . I use a Canon T1i , by no means a slouch of camera . At first I thought there might be something wrong with the lens I received , but there does n't seem to be . I was invited to take some pictures of people in a hospice . Until I mounted my 430xi II flash , the pictures , almost all shot indoors , were fine to the naked eye , but if you take them up to 100 % , they granulate . Adding the flash , http://www.amazon.com/Canon-Speedlite-II-Digital-Cameras/dp/B001CCAISE/ref=sr_1_1?ie=UTF8&qid=1286808573&sr=8-1 , a great unit by the way , took all the worry about shooting inside . I 've noticed quite a few people bragging about their shots , but the depth of field is so shallow , you have to be right on top of it to get your subject in focus . Again , I thought this might be just me , so I went to a couple of respected lens reviews and lo and behold , they had the same comments . The f1 .8 and the 1.4 both suffer at low light levels . Now , one of the reasons I suspect that many people buy a lens like this is to shoot in low light without a flash . Which is good , and I understand the desire/necessity of doing this , but you should realize that without a bright source of light , you 're usable focus area at f1 .8 on this lens and on the 1.4 , will be about the size of a quarter on a 4x6 '' print . The sites report the same findings I found in my every day , unscientific , shooting . You need light , lots of it , to really shoot pictures with this lens . If you need to enlarge them at all , you should be at least at f5 .6 . Once I was outside and able to get the lens closed down to f8 , the lens rocks . I used the flash as a fill and it really balanced out the picture . I will use the lens in special circumstances , but not as my walking around lens .
 I bought this lens a few months ago . The pictures I took with it are great ! Sharper than the pics from my XTI IS lens . However , everytime I use it -LRB- after a few shots -RRB- , I will get an error on my camera -- Error Code 99 -LRB- something like that -RRB- and something about remove and install the battery . Most of the time , reinstalling the battery does not resolve the error so I always carry my kit lens.It is kind of frustrating that you just never know when this lens will work and when it will not . : - -LRB- I am now looking for a more dependable lens .
 Wowed by the glowing comments , encouraged by the low price , and undeterred by the few people who warned of the cheap plastic construction , I bought it and immediately placed it on my camera . I loved it . It took great photos of my kids . Artistic shots , wonderful.I took it on a once in a lifetime vacation . I dropped it from a coffee table onto a carpeted floor . The lens immediately fell apart . The front section came out , leaving a tiny plastic piece inside . I blamed myself for putting it in a precarious position even though I thought `` that was n't that hard of a fall '' . I mourned the loss but the balm on the situation was that it was only $ 100 loss and I could replace the lens with one that I had actually been wanting to buy but could n't justify quite yet . What a perfect opportunity . I walked into a camera shop in Vancouver and asked for the lens I wanted to try out on my camera . Got the lens , went to take this lens off . Would n't come off . Camera shop said to take it to a repair center and have them take the lens apart while on the camera so that the body is not damaged . Bummer . No photos on my trip to Alaska.Came home and read reviews again . Then I remembered the 1 star reviews of this happening . So , it could have been an issue before the drop even . The drop caused the thing to fall apart but who knows if I could have even been able to take the lens off after I first put it on . I did n't even try for the months I had the lens before this happened . I read of some people not being able to take it off the very first day they put it on . I read of others saying the front flew off the first time they just tried to take a photo . Each of these poor people said Canon would n't help.I researched how to fix this situation - since my lens is unusable . I decided to just pry it off . Thankfully , the cheap plastic on the lens bent and the body seems ok although I have n't tested it on another lens.Listen , the cheap plastic construction is not just something to live with to treat as a disposable lens . It could seriously damage your body . I am only going with metal now . The cost of possibly damaging the body and losing a precious photo opportunity on a big trip was not worth the money I `` saved '' buying this cheap lens . Too bad as it took gorgeous photos . Just too much of a risk though .
 After selling the old one a few years back -LRB- along with all my old gear -RRB- , I knew I had to buy it again . This piece of plastic just came in , and from testing it I can tell it 's definitely not as good as the older model ! It was redesigned with much cheaper materials , but the product link is the same as the original 50mm 1.8 ; be warned
 I used it twice and the front part of the lense separeted from the body . It was built under very low quality standards . It looks cheap and plastic .
 Idk how this lens has so many good reviews . Firstly , the build quality is awful . I work doing camera repair and it amazes me how Canon can charge over a hundred dollars for such a cheaply built lens . The plastic lens mount should be avoided , it is flexible and not durable for impact . The front group of lenses is held together by internal2 plastic clips that also typically break on impact . The inside is all held together by plastic.The reason this is important is because of inconsistencies . With all the parts holding the lens together being plastic and relatively flexible , the image will be slightly different as you shoot in different environments and , really just move your camera around . Is obviously not L-series , but far too poor.With all that said , 100 + $ for this lens is ridiculous . We see these lenses frequently in for repair either because the mount ripped off from the lens or the front group of lens elements fell out of the housing -LRB- due to those stupid clips -RRB- . Cheap junk . I would n't pay more than 50 bucks for this product brand new .
 I was super excited to finally purchase this product for the price I was looking for . I have been researching this lens for a while and finally decided to pull the trigger and get it for a fun trip was taking to CA . Not only did it take 3 weeks to get to me and never got tracking on it . But when I finally got home to find the box after my trip . The lens was placed in a box without protective paper , nothing just sitting in the box . Lens are very fragile so I refused the package because of the large possibility of it being broken . So disappointed .
 Immediately out of the box the lens was making grinding noises , It had terrible auto focus , and one month after purchase the lens housing actually FELL OUT while on a shoot . Embarrassing , Ridiculous , Unacceptable . Piece of junk . . I feel like I would have gotten better quality out of a Tamron ...
 This lens is cheap , focus quality is awful . I shoot with a 7D , when I switched to the 50mm 1.4 f for $ 375 the image quality rose tremendously . The 50mm 1.8 f only has 5 blades and is made out of cheap plastic , you get what you paid for . The 50mm 1.4 f is much better and has a better focus area than the 50mm 1.8 f.
 After getting my new Rebel as a graduation gift , I wanted to quickly to add some better lenses at affordable prices . The reviews here were helpful . This 50 mm was a good starter it seemed , but sadly after only 3 months approximately , it ceased to autofocus -- in the middle of my child 's birthday party . I enjoyed it while it worked , but ca n't recommend any product that breaks so quickly .
 I was totally stoked to get the Canon 50mm EF II f1 .8 and read the reviews about how cool it was , how the pictures were awesome , and how if you are careful the plastic casing would n't be an issue . Boy was I wrong . Let me start by telling you that I ADORE the photos I have with this lens . Completely love them , but the problem is I bought the lens in August and it has been broken more than it works . After one months the near focus did n't work . I could only shoot at infinity with it . I sent it back to Canon and it took two months to get it back ! It worked fine again , but I noticed it 's very loud when shooting AI SERVO -LRB- which I did on a dance concert photo shoot where I had 4,000 shots with it -RRB- . It also made grinding noises . I shot with it for about another month and while away on holiday I went to take a shot and the focus did n't work again . I flipped to manual to get my shot before finding a table where I could examine the lens closer , but the focus ring would NOT turn . I took what amounted to a terribly blurry shot and went to a table . I took off the lens and tried to turn the ring again . This time , the front glass of the 1.4 fell of right in my hand ! My lens is now in two pieces , and I am ready to call Canon to demand a replacement not a repair . I will then sell the replacement and use the money towards a 50mm f1 .4 !
 I am an amateur photographer and have started up my own portrait business . I bought this lens in late February 2008 . I used it for a portrait shoot in March and it worked great . Had a wedding a week following . Used it for about an hour at the wedding and all of a sudden while focusing the inner mechanics completely came apart from the plastic casing and popped out . I sent it in to be repaired and was charged $ 40 + tax for the repair.Received the lens back in April . Immediately took it out of its box , put it back on my XTi and took a few test pictures . Seemed to be ok . Placed the unit in my bag . Fast-forward 2 weeks . I went to do some more portraits . Took the camera out of my bag , snapped 3 pictures and POP . SAME PROBLEM AGAIN . While focusing -LRB- auto -RRB- it popped out of the casing again.I sent it back to Canon under their 3 month repair warranty . They insisted that I pay the $ 40 repair charge AGAIN . I told them there was no way - it is showing obviously that it either was n't repaired correctly or its a lemon . After going back and forth over the phone they finally agreed to waive the charge due to their `` one time courtesy . '' I 'm sorry but there was no courtesy there . They kept accusing me of dropping the lens , abusing it , etc. I regret from DAY ONE that I purchased this lens instead of the 1.4 . I can not trust this lens for any of my portrait shoots anymore -LRB- once I receive it back -RRB- . I should have told Canon to destroy the lens.I have learned my lesson the hard way . If the lens price seems too good to be true - it probably is . Stick with metal and go with the 1.4 . The cost of the headaches and fighting over the phone and missed work will greatly outweigh the $ 300 price tag on the 1.4 mm .
 I received my lens on Monday . I immediately tried it out and loved it !!! I did n't have enough positive things to say about this little lens , but today , which is Thursday , I tried it out again . I had been using it about 30 minutes and the auto focus just broke . It simply just quit working . Manual focus was intact , but auto was gone . I was so disappointed !!!!! I am mailing it back for a refund . I knew it was cheaply made from reading the reviews , but I really thought I would get at least a year or so out of it before it broke ! If you have the extra cash , go ahead and spend it on the 1.4 .
 This was my first lens purchase and i was looking for something cheap but that still produce quality images . My initial response was that this was a great lens and totally worth my money -LRB- 120 or so -RRB- but after using it on a few sessions I am not as pleased with the performance . The first thing i noticed when i took it out of the box is how light -LRB- and cheap -RRB- it felt . As noted in other reviews this lens contains no metal . Though mine has n't become stuck to my camera as a few unfortunate others it still feels cheap . This lens does offer a nice depth of field with the 1.8 aperture but i am not a fan of the auto focus feature on this lens . Though i can focus manually , when shooting a fast subject , such as children , where the auto focus would come in handy , this lens falls a bit flat . I notice that unless i manually focus each shot that about 3 out of 5 images will be slightly out of focus . This lens did seem nice and sharp at the beginning but I am not as impressed anymore . If i had to do it over again I would have spent a bit more money to make sure i was getting real quality and reliable lens .
 Tuesday afternoon , I got my 50mm lens . I took some wonderful portrait pictures with it . I loved it . I preferred it over my other 55-250mm and 18-55 mm lenses . But , my happiness did n't last for long . By Thursday night , something went wrong with the lens . It was strangely acting . It was making noise when it was attached to my T3i camera . The shutter inside the lens kept on opening and closing . I had to return this lens . But , I will order another .
 This was my first lens , it produced absolutely wonderful pictures ... especially portraits . I took it to Europe for my 5 week honeymoon and cared for it well , on the 4th week of use it literally fell apart in my hands . I sent it in under warranty and they fixed it and sent it back . Not 10 minutes of use later it fell apart again . I did get probably a 1000 pictures out of it before it fell apart but I am finally now going to purchase the 1.4 version of this lens , so I would have been better off just getting that one in the first place . I would say go ahead and spring for the 1.4 , the used lens market prices are very high so even if you do n't end up using it you can recoup your costs .
 I had this lens for a total of 2 days and returned it to the vendor.The majority of the reviews for this lens were good and the price was right so I figured I had nothing to lose by purchasing it.Upon taking the lens out of the box I did notice how light it was . After all , what would one expect for the price?Where this lens was disappointing was in its ability to focus consistently . I took about 30-40 sample shots at various exposure settings and the focus was hit or miss . The image quality for the in-focus pictures was pretty good , though . But with hit or miss focusing this lens just was n't worth keeping in spite of the image quality.I 'd consider this lens only if you have a lot of patience , are strapped for cash , and need something that has the potential of performing well in low light . Otherwise , just pass this one by and look at some of the other offerings by Canon and Sigma .
 great in total , but very bad auto focus , as much as i spend my time to tell you abut how much am disappointed about focusing in low light situation , keep searching for the focus point till you turn it to manual and show it to her ... ; 0 -RRB- but still great lens in that value of money -LRB- sharp , light like plastic toy , fast -RRB-
 I am a professional photographer and I bought this lens with my first 5D Mark II body . At the time I could n't continue using the current canon rebel EF-S lenses . This was a cheap option until I could afford a more appropriate all-purpose lens.Optics : The first thing you 'll notice is that below f/9 - nothing is sharp except the very center of the frame . The fallout toward the ends of the image is unreal . The chromatic aberration is so bad that in some images I was able to see the color separation like a rainbow!Build : The barrel is light plastic which is not terrible , but if you drop it , it will probably break - even with a filter attached . The autofocus sounds like a robot from an 80 's movie and moves as fast . None of these factors are personal deal breakers but important to note . You should expect this from any budget lens.Conclusion : If you are shooting in bright daylight , you will be able to effectively use this lens . For shooting in the field especially , with low-lighting where you need low aperture settings it is completely useless . The images will be unsuitable even for web.In my experience the lens was a total waste of time and money . I am a die-hard canon user and find their lenses to be top quality . I ended up spending $ 300 on another lens shortly after , just so I could use my camera . Right now the 50mm is sitting around collecting dust . I have n't sold it because I 'm afraid it would not even merit the value of the effort of selling .
 the lens itself is amazing . gives really good picture quality . on a scale from one to ten I give it 9 only because the out of focus lights have a funny octagon shape . it is really loud when it tries to focus specially in low light . also when in low light if your ISO is not high and/or you have a full frame it misses focus often . trust me i used it for about a year so i know how it works . yes a year . to some that is a long time but it was only used lightly -LRB- one day out of the week because i work and not in photography -RRB- and when i got my flash and umbrella i started to used it often for the first time.highly not worth even 50 bucks yeah quality is high but it breaks with just one fall . mine fell from 1 feet high and it landed on my feet i looked and since i have dropped the camera from higher distances did n't care . but when i looked again the tip of the lenses rolled in a separate direction after it landed , ON MY FEET . if you do n't believe me the look for the drop test video for the 50mm 1.8 canon it broke in the first fall no joke and then you ca n't put it back together . well you can it just wont auto focus or focus properly for that matter ... oh yeah the canon warranty does not cover drops and falls : @
 I bought an exact same lens in December of last year from AMAZON.com -LRB- I never got asked to review that lens -RRB- while purchasing a Canon DSLR -LRB- from DELL -RRB- . While I was on a field trip , the lens fell apart physically in to two segments . I had to replace it right away and I rushed to buy another of the same kind as I felt it could have been a freak problem with one lens.Apart from its being a cheap and lite it was an okay lens.I wonder if I would get it repaired if it falls physically apart again , as Canon seemed to disown any responsibility for its doing so spontaneously!As an experienced photographer for over 45 years , I have never seen a lens that came apart when used in an acceptable manner and I 've my doubts as to physical stability of Canon lenses .
 I am a professional cinematographer , and have owned several lens over the years . I do n't get the positive reviews , my lens is soft wide open and down a stop too , at which point I might as well use my zoom lens and not risk dust on the sensor by taking the lens off . To me this lens is junk . I have shot over 3000 time lapse sequences with DSLR cameras , love the Canon DSLR cameras , just plan to sell the 50mm off soon . Some people may have received a better copy . But when I shoot city lights from my house overlooking a city , this lens has been the worst I have ever used . I make a living shooting beautiful images for stock footage , sometimes with quite cheap glass , so I was sad to see the results.I shoot quite a bit at night in moonlit landscapes , so I understand fast lens shot falls , but this lens was terrible . I also only manually focus everything , I use a hoodman loupe for all shots , to check focus , I nail focus better then using auto focus on every lens I own . So no auto focus issue , just poor glass.I do n't mean to upset anyone who may like the lens , just my professional two cents .
 I already wrote some note that lens motor made some noise when I got this lens . Two months after , a front part of lens which was moving for focus fell out of the lens . And then I ca n't put this back , I tried but camera said lens sensor error . I ca n't take a picture any more with this lens . Please Do n't buy this lens . You may be waste your money like me . I do n't know they can fix for me . Where can I contact ???
 Please do not ignore the reviews on this lens when it comes to the build quality . I had always associated Canon with quality but this seems to be the one exception I 've run across . I literally dropped it one foot , and it broke in two pieces on my first shoot . The glass is good , but the rest is bad , so if you must , make sure you pick up a lens hood to help prevent the same happening to you .
 I have had this for almost three months and only used it once just to test it out . The other day I was pulling it out of my camera bag and the lens had just fallen out of it . I could n't even get it back in .
 This lens is made of cheap plastic and when it tries to focus it is super loud ! No matter what the photos are n't crisp enough for me -LRB- a professional photographer -RRB- . It is a waste of time and money . HOpe this steers someone the direction of the 1.4 , a much better lens : -RRB-
 Me just arrived a lens of 50 mm and I see that has 3 lint andetro , wan na know as change it , 'm in Peru
 I love the photos that I took with this lens . I had the lens for about 11 months and it was one of my favorites . I was very gentle with the lens and it was never dropped . Around 11 months of having the lens , the glass lens and ring fell out of the barrel as I was taking off the lens cap . The camera had not been dropped , damaged or bumped . It is a poorly constructed lens and is made of cheap plasics parts on the barrel of the lens . If you want to buy a cheap lens and are okay with replacing it every 6 to 12 months , then get this one . If you want to make a lasting purchase , then go with the 50mm 1.4 .
 Ok , so I should have listened to the other reviews that talk about this being a cheap lens , but now MY 40D NEEDS 200 $ IN REPAIRS because the rear lens of the 50mm broke loose and lodged itself in the mirror box.I received the lens from Amazon and it appeared to be in good shape when I placed it on my 40D body . However , when autofocusing -LRB- only the 2d shot -RRB- it made this really loud motor sound and the front lens assembly SHOT OFF about a foot !! Some plastic pieces were broken on the front lens assembly -LRB- inside -RRB- so it must 've been fairly significant force . Anyways , the kicker is that I CA N'T get the lens off the body ... it 's stuck.Canon says they do n't cover this under their warranty . The Tech at the Canon service shop says `` there are signs of impact '' , implying it was dropped , which it was n't ! So , to get this fixed I am going to have to fork out 200 $ 's !!!! I could 've just bought the f/1 .4 ! Unbelievable . Do n't , I repeat , DON `` T BUY THIS LENS !! ... it 's not worth the risk . Absolute junk.Follow up -LRB- 9/24/2008 -RRB-
 Granted this takes outstanding pictures for not much money . But if it breaks into 2 pieces after a year of gentle use , it is garbage in my opinion . I should have bitten the bullet and got the better built f/1 .4 You get what you pay for ... See my pic of the broken lens - tiny plastic tabs hold the two main parts together . When -LRB- not if -RRB- the tabs break , the lens is toast .
 Flimsy little lens , just not built sturdy enough ; too much plastic !! I used this lens for about a month , before it broke apart , unrepairable . Broken plastic parts . Useless ! Worst 50mm , no matter how little the price is .
 Photos are great even in low light . I had mine about a year before the auto focus stopped working . Even when it did work it was really sloooow . This lens is plastic and cheap.I 'm now springing for the 1.4 -LRB- metal -RRB- version .
 This is a great lens . The pictures are very sharp and crisp , however ; as everybody has mentioned the build quality is very very cheap . This camera will not last more then few months with normal , regular use!I had the lense for about a month and fell in love with it , but just after a month the lens literally came apart while It was auto focusing , still mounted on the camera . This lens is poorly built and very very delicate and it 's just a short matter of time before this lens dies or falls apart , then you will have to buy a new one . I mailed my lens in for repair since it was still under warrenty , but Canon refused to cover the repair expense because they claimed that I dropped the lense causing it to come apart like it did , when in fact I had been very aware of it 's cheap quality and had been extra careful with it and the lens broke on it 's own . It was never dropped or abused ! -LRB- yes the build quality is that bad !! -RRB- . So the bottom line is , it 's not worth it ! I lost weeks of missed photo opportunity while it was in repair , going thru the hassel of mailing , dealing with the customer service , and charging me to $ 50 -LRB- repair -RRB- + $ 18 -LRB- shipping -RRB- = $ 68 total for repair.Save yourself a lot of trouble and headache and spend few more bucks and buy the Canon 50mm f/1 .4 for around $ 300 . It is better lens and will last much longer !
 I am only an amateur photographer , but I thought the picture quality , ease of use , and versatility of this lens was terrific for the cost of the lens . Recently , however , I had the misfortune of having my Canon 40D - with this lens attached - fall out of my camera backpack , and the lens completely disintegrated on impact . -LRB- The camera fell from a distance of @ 1.5 ' -RRB- . This would n't have been so terrible if not for the fact that not only did the lens housing shatter into pieces , but the lens mount bent and the lens could not be removed , making the camera completely inoperable for that day 's picture taking . I had to take the whole setup to a Canon repair site in NJ , since the camera had to be taken apart to remove the damaged lens . -LRB- Luckily , the Canon 40D survived the fall . -RRB- Obviously camera lenses were not designed to be dropped on asphalt , but accidents will happen , and had the lens had a sturdier housing , I do n't think the mount would have bent so easily . I 've had other Canon lenses survive worse falls than this and still function .
 I purchased this product based on the info that amazon is an authorized dealer for canon products in USA . I called canon first to learn whether USA authorized dealers are selling products that are made in different countries than Japan . They said all US canon products are made in Japan . Then , based on this info , I purchased this lens , however the one amazon sent me is made in Malaysia . Also , box was not sealed and there was no us warranty card , that means this product was a grey market product which you can buy from other dealers for a lower price . I return it and will buy from other dealers .
 This lens got stuck to my camera body . The pictures were nice , but not worth a broken camera . UGH . UGH . wow . . asdfglskjbf ; l
 The day I got the lens in the mail , I immediately attached it to my Canon DSLR -LRB- Rebel T1i / 500D -RRB- to try it out . I fired a few test shots with it and was intrigued by the results . However , when I went to remove the lens from the camera , I started having problems.When I pressed the lens release button and turned the lens , it would rotate counterclockwise , but it would stop halfway . It stops rotating at a position in which it 's not possible to remove the lens . After about an hour of trying to remove the lens , I called Canon customer service and sent the camera , with lens attached , for repair.After calling Canon , I looked online and found just a few references to similar problems with this lens , one of them being another Amazon customer/reviewer , A. Gupta . So this seems to be an uncommon -LRB- but not rare -RRB- occurrence . I wish I had spent more time experimenting with the lens to have a better opinion of it.Right now , my biggest fear is having my camera suffer permanent damage because of this . After this experience , I ca n't say whether I 'll gamble and give this lens a second shot .
 I finally bought this due to the rave reviews and price . Out of the box I noticed dust on inside of lens and a possible scratch . I still tried to use the lens since I had read reviews about the lens taking on dust and usually its not a big deal unless its at the center . One day of shooting and the sharpness I had been reading about just was n't there . Packed it up and returned it . Love Amazon.Disappointed , was really looking forward to a sharp lens . Possibly got a bad copy ? Do n't know .
 This lens was too zoomed in for me I wanted a 28mm but didnt know exactly how the mm 's worked out but I guess a 50 is like a 75 ? anyways I guess if you like standing back from the photos you shoot then this is for you . Was gon na get the 28mm but thats too much then found a cheap cheap alternative , yeahhh . My 50mm lens collects dust . boooo . diana eos lens adapter plus 20mm fisheye = perrrrfect . no fisheye effect still get about a 29mm lens zoom . smooooth sailin , photos look just as good .
 My mom got this and used it once . She took one single photo and the whole thing exploded while on her camera . Parts of it were stuck on the body and could not be removed . The parts that were not stuck flew off the camera and hit my daughter in the face leaving a really nasty cut and bruise . We sent the camera and what was left of the lens to Canon because none of the local businesses would touch it . They had all seen this before and did n't sound surprised at all but nobody wanted to deal with it . Canon would not cover this under the warranty even though we did nothing wrong and used it in totally normal conditions . It was cheap so no big deal except the lens forced it 's way into the cameras mirror box and damaged that and the sensor . Even if they were willing to fix this under the warranty -LRB- which they are not -RRB- they said there is no way they would fix the camera . They said there was evidence of impact . Impact ! The only impact was between the lens and my baby 's face when it went flying off the front of the camera ! It was taken out of the box , put on the camera and did n't even make it one click . Since it broke on the first use I am going to have to assume it was either damaged before we got it , maybe in shipping or something or it was defective from the very beginning . The people we talked to at Canon said things like `` We never cover the damage this lens causes . '' and other things that lead me to believe they are used to this type of problem occurring . To fix the camera would have cost more than buying a new one so this hundred dollar lens ended up costing her much more than that . In short , just get the 50mm f/1 .4 . I told her this was a throw away lens but she did n't listen . Darn parents never learn !
 I got this lens for Christmas . Got it out of the box to try it out yesterday . I accidentally dropped it , not a big drop just a small drop but onto a tile floor . The lens broke in half and is unrepairable . Warranty does not cover drops . Do not buy this item ! It is plastic and cheap . We all have those accidents , and I have dropped my other lens in even worse conditions , and they survived just fine . Spend a little more and get the metal body it will pay for itself in the long run.If you do ignore this warning , prepare yourself for buying a replacement or be extremely careful with it . I may have been extremely unlucky , but I feel that this lens will break for most people , its just a matter of time .
 Had it less than ten hours when it dropped from the table to the floor and broke apart . Images were great but not anymore . Wasted money and no warrenty
 Canon 50mm lensI should have paid more close attention when ordering since this lens is so limited as to be rather useless . I can take closeups of flowers but little else .
 I would have gotten the 40mm , or the 50mm f1 .4 if I knew how slow and LOUD this lense is ; it also feels very cheap . And on my basic Rebel XS , the image is magnified so it 's really like having a 80mm lense on . It takes great photos in low light settings .
 I would like to return this product and get the f/1 .4 however I lost the receipt . Do NOT waste your time with this lens .
 I was disappointed that the lens did not work on my son 's camera even though it cas a canon camera . It connected for just a few minutes and then would not work so we had to return it .
 I purchased this lens because of all of the outstanding reviews it had received . I was thrilled to have a lightweight lens for my Canon 7D as the other lenses I have are quite heavy . Although it had a plastic casing , so many reviewers felt it produced excellent images . I was sold and agreed this was good purchase and , indeed , I liked the images produced with this lens.However , now I have a different perspective about the lens . In the middle of taking a photo about a month after purchase , the front of the lens literally fell to the ground . I could not believe it came apart . This also damaged my Tiffen UV Protector filter . I have contacted the seller and will await the response before commenting about customer service . Perhaps I just received a defective lens and all will be remedied with a replacement . None the less , I wanted to post this review as a indication that perhaps you get what you pay for !
 I read all the great reviews and I was sold . This is the lens for the price . I guess it sure is because one day I was trying to shoot with it and it was making funny sounds so I switch from AF to MF and then the glass falls on the carpet and front of me and all I can think is `` uh oh . '' Apparently to repair this puppy it costs about $ 30 more than buying a new one , that 's pretty standard for the throw-away society we live in today .
 i bought this lens and it came in while i was on vacation and was waiting for me . i was excited because everyone told me this was a great lens and very sharp . Now that may be a fact but i will never know because once i attached the lens to my camera it made a grinding noise as i tried to focus . when i detached the lens the front element glass fell from the body of the the lens housing . This will most likely be my first and last canon lens if the seller does n't replace .
 I am not 100 % happy with this lens . It is cheaply made and does not do a good job of focusing . I used to have an older 50mm f/1 .8 and I sold it . I will never sell older lenses again . They are made ten times better than the lenses they are selling today.This lens does the job for the most part , but I would not recommend it or purchase it again .
 Unfortunately , there is lint inside the lens . As you know that is a bad thing - making photos unclear . The only way to repair this is to take it to a camera shop and have them rebuild it . We will be returning it .
 I bought this less than a year back and have always used it , as with all my lens , with great care . But one fine day it simply made a loud motor sound on the Auto-focus and fell apart ! I mean , literally , the glass lens along with the focal ring detached from the lens barrel exposing the motor and the inner construction of the lens ! I was dumb-founded . I have rarely encountered anything with such an atrocious build quality . I love my Canon Digital SLR , what went wrong with this Canon lens ? How can Canon company sell such an unreliable product ? What would happen if I had to use my camera as a reporter would -- under more extreme conditions ? It would fall apart in weeks . I think the pieces were glued together . I am honestly shocked . The f-stop is great , the lens takes sharp warm pictures , the bokeh could have been better ... it is light and fast . But do n't buy it . The lens will become your favorite and then suddenly one day , in a crucial moment simply break down . Read the other reviews , I am no the only person apparently with this complaint . yes it is cheap , and yes , it is cheaply build .
 faulty . focus ring stuck . a lens should last years !! not months !! This is the second one that has failed , and I have only used it once . I would not recommend this lens , because it is apparently too fragile or has a manufacturer flaw .
 This lens is nice outdoors , but sucks in low light indoor photography ! Cheaply made so the one time i dropped it ON CARPET , it broke after two months . The focus is loose -LRB- hit or miss -RRB- , but nice bokeh effect in background . Good For a beginners lens for the price .
 So I ordered and attached this f/1 .8 50mm lens to my Rebel T1i after reading all the awesome reviews about it . Here is what I thought .1 -RRB- It was awesome in low light setting .2 -RRB- Image quality is GREAT ... when focused .3 -RRB- I started to notice that the auto focus was missing about every 2-3 shots .4 -RRB- I went to swap another lens on the camera and the 50mm f/1 .8 II would not come off . It turned about 1/4 '' and would simply stop . I looked this problem up online and found that I am not alone . Shady construction of this lens is to blame . I did nothing wrong . It simply broke because it 's built cheap.The good news is that I called Canon customer support and they are going to fix it -LRB- within warranty -RRB- and send it back . I wo n't ever put this lens back on my camera . Spend the $ $ and get the f/1 .4 50mm . This one is garbage .
 I agree with most comments here . It 's a lot of bang for the buck . But this lens is not robust and should be handled with care . Because the mount is made of plastic instead of metal , frequent switching between lenses can cause damages and in worst case it wo n't come off anymore . My 50mm got completely stuck and I had to resort using brutal force to remove it from the body , destroying the lens in the end . Fortunately my body remained intact . My advice is to be careful and always take the lens off very gently and firmly push the unlock button . Although I loved the pictures I shot with this lens , the build quality just put me off . But in fairness what to expect for a 100 euros -LRB- 130 dollars -RRB- . So my next 50mm will be the 1.4 . ~ Jan Willem , Netherlands
 I bought this lens as a gift for birthday . Item was delivered couple days before the scheduled arrival time and the packaging was just fine . But the lens happened to have a very noticeable back focus so camera did n't focus properly -LRB- especially on apertures 1.8 - 4.0 -RRB- and most of pictures come out blurry . Too bad , going to return it and buy 50mm 1.4
 this lens is FANTASTIC ... except i had to buy it from a store instead of amazon . the one i bought on amazon must have been defective , because it only worked once and then the next time i turned my camera on i got lens errors . returned promptly .
 I was excited to see the rather excellent picture quality of the lens . But after two days of very gentle shooting the lens simply fell out of its barrel . I 'm not kidding . I 'm very disappointed in this because I 'm used to much better quality from Canon.Great price , great picture for the money but boy is it a piece of junk in terms of construction !
 Recently I bought a new Canon SLR camera -LRB- Rebel XS or 1000D -RRB- with the intention of learning photography . I looked at online reviews for this lens at dpreview , by users at Amazon , at many forums - this has been rated as the best bang for the buck , and an amazing piece to have.My experience may be an outlier - but it may prevent others from facing the same issues.Pros :1 . The lens is light - no bulk added to camera2 . It is cheap3 . The indoor photos are amazing - you can shoot a photo without flash and still get good shutter speed with the wide open aperture -LRB- 1/25 -1 / 30 with f1 .8 to f2 .2 - ISO400 to ISO800 -RRB- . Previously - I had to use a flash in the same conditions.Cons1 . Construction feels cheap - you have read it all over the net so I wont go into it .2 . The lens mount -LRB- stuff that attaches it to the camera -RRB- is plastic . Other lenses have metal .3 . Note for first time SLR buyers - 50mm seemed nice , but it translates to 85mm as everyone will tell you . That restricts your photography options a bit . I did n't realize its zoom level - it still takes great photos but 35mm or 28mm would be much better on Rebel type cameras -LRB- non-35mm frames -RRB- . The real bad part : I had ignored the con # 2 - since many people have been using it for years . The lens fit onto my camera without any issue . The photos were amazing . But - the lens wont come off now -LRB- using standard procedure - press the lens release button and turn counter clockwise -RRB- . After trying gently for an hour -LRB- you dont want to break your camera -RRB- - it wont come out . I checked on the web - apparently this lens does have this problem - there are reviews of this lens getting stuck on 450d and other Canon SLRs.This may be because of its plastic mount or some other reason -LRB- EF lenses not compatible with Canon Rebels :-RRB- -RRB- . Anyway - there is no solution for this on the web/with Canon - camera shops can not fix it without risk of breaking the camera/lens . So the camera had to be mailed to Canon with lens attached - so that they can figure out the problem . If they mercifully find it to be a problem with the camera or lens - they will fix it for free - else it will be billed to me . Even if fixed - I wont use the lens again -LRB- it may get stuck again -RRB- . So there you go - two days after receiving a brand new camera and lens setup - I am without one.Rare scenario ? Most likely.Can it happen to others ? Probably.What to do ? Well - next time maybe go with better lenses - maybe EF 35mm f2 or EF 28mm f1 .8 - it may be three or four times as expensive - but they wont get stuck to the camera and ruin it .
 I bought the lens and inside the lens is waste , I can not believe Amazon sells second selection things ... . WARNING !!!!!!
 You get what ya pay for ! This is the much-talked about `` Nifty Fifty '' . Out of the box it feels cheap and plastic , why because it is a cheap build and plastic ! 1 -RRB- AF in low light ... Not good it hunts2 -RRB- Sharp Not at all3 -RRB- Build well as stated , plastic build plastic lens had it for less than a year and it is CRAP4 -RRB- Go to ebay and buy a Asahi Pentex 50mm and an adapter ring and learn to focus manually for half the price ! Really I own 2 and they way out work this cheap Canon lens geared towards the hobbyist looking for a correct all `` I am a pro '' lens .5 -RRB-
 Hey Guys , First of all this is a great lens and takes great pics , but be careful when you receive this product and examine it throughly before you put it on your camera.I received this lens and put it on my XSI worked great and awesome pics , but the lens does not come off of the body , it turns about half way and then stops , it feels like if I put more pressure on it , I will break the lens and camera.I called canon , they would take no responsibility for it , if it wasant for the good people at Amazon , this would be very bad.Great lens , but check it out before you put it on ur expensive camera .
 I saw the lens and thought great price ; but hesitated when I noted that it is shipped and sold by a third party , `` Adorama Camera '' -LRB- `` AC '' -RRB- . I went to Adorama 's web site and within the lens description it states : `` Canon EF 50mm f/1 .8 II Standard AutoFocus Lens - Gray Market - `` Within AC 's web site FAQ : What is the Grey Market ? `` Grey Market , '' also known as `` direct import , '' are products imported directly into the U.S. , and not through the manufacturer 's authorized agent/distributor . There is no factory-authorized middleman involved in the import of these products , so the costs are lower.Are there any disadvantages of `` Grey Market '' goods?Because there is no factory-authorized middleman , there is no manufacturer 's warranty . However , `` Grey Market '' products purchased from Adorama are warrantied by Adorama Camera and are returned to Adorama Camera for any warranty repair.I am not disparaging AC ... just stating I would prefer a manufacturer warranty on new products and that new products not covered by a manufacturer 's warranty should EXPLICITLY state this within the product description on Amazon 's web site.Based on earlier reviews -LRB- many of the reviewer stated the lens is not very sturdy -RRB- the warranty is very important on this product .
 i own the 1.4 and this 1.8 the difference is huge . the 1.4 is fast and quiet and SHARP . the 1.8 was terrible in comparasion . none of the photos looked all that in focus or sharp.PLEASE do not waste your money on this . pay the extra 200 for the 1.4
 I purchased this as an addition for my d40 equipment . I returned it the next day . The price should have been a tip off . It hunted in low light about 80 % of the time and 20 % in good light . It miss focused badly in more than have the 50 test exposures I took . The build quality is definitely Canon 's low end ; feeling very plastic . It was also surprisingly noisy for such a small lens . I 'll stick with the higher end Canon lenses like the 24-105L -LRB- which I love ! -RRB-
 I was a huge fan of this nifty-fifty as it took great sharp photos with a pretty decent looking bokeh for the price . I figured that it did n't matter that the lens was plastic , it 's the shots that count , right ? Who cares if it falls apart after a year , it 's super cheap to replace.Unfortunately , the poor construction affects not only the lens 's livelihood , but also the camera . This thing 's crappy plastic mount got stuck on my Canon T2i . I had to take the lens apart to get it off , and by that time my Camera 's lens contact pins were already bent and inoperable . The repairs to my camera will be at least $ 200 , which makes up the difference between this plastic crap and the more expensive 1.4 that Canon sells . I should have just gone for that one.I thought this was just an isolated incident , but it turns out the same thing happened to my friend and his 7D . This is pretty unacceptable , even for a cheap lens.So lesson learned , I will not be buying another one of these , nor can I recommend it to anyone anymore , it 's not worth the risk .
 I received my lens quickly in the mail and of course immediately started playing with it as soon as I got it . First off , the motor is INCREDIBLY loud . Secondly , it would n't focus in auto mode and continued to distort the colors . I do n't know if this is just me or this is true for everyone . It was usable on manual focus and I had to keep playing with the exposure settings and white balance for it to expose correctly and be true to color . Keep in mind this was with the same environment . The pictures I got after all these adjustments were nice but I 'd sooner save the 100 bucks and put it towards upgrading to the USM motor . Unfortunately , mine is going back immediately .
 This product does not work as it is advertised to do . The company is awful to deal with . I would not recommend .
 I was disappointed that I could not use to take more close up shots . I need to reorder another lense from 18-55 .
 Buyers beware this product is GRAY MARKET and does not ship with warranty card ! This lens is a Gray Market item should cost much less than listed . Look elsewhwere for USA warranty .
 I bought this lens specifically because I had an opportunity to attend my first boxing event and needed a fast , low-light lens . This lens was highly recommended . When I received lens I took a few test shots and discovered the lens not as sharp as I had expected based on the comments in the evaluations . The kit lens on my Canon T2i was much sharper.Several days after lens arrived I attended the event . Still in the first round of the first match , camera in the continuous shooting mode , I got a notice saying communication problem between lens and camera , clean the lens contacts . I removed the lens , wiped off the contacts , assembled camera and lens and resumed shooting . Almost immediately another notice and another cleaning . One more notice and cleaning and the camera stopped working . My only solution was to use the kit lens and the result , as I feared , is no useful shots . Everything is pitch black as though the event was taking place at midnight on a very dark night.The photos that I managed to take with the 50mm before it stopped working are n't bad . Because I was trying to shoot at 400 or 500 to stop the action in limited light , they are somewhat dark but this can be corrected in Photoshop Elements . There is also some blurriness of the sort I experienced with the first test shots , but I attribute this to a defect in this lens . What I am saying is that this lens seems to have been a good choice for my purpose , but because it was defective I am giving this lens only 1 star.Lens is being returned to Amazon.I have ordered a lot from Amazon over the years and always read the evaluations first . Invariably , no matter how many 4 and 5 star ratings are given a product , there are at least a couple from people disappointed because product was defective . This seems to have been my turn to be one of those people .
 I put this brand new Canon 50mm lens on my Canon XSI body and took some really good portrait shots . Unfortunately , when I wanted to switch back to my zoom lens , I found out that the lens was stuck on the XSI body . It turned half way and it would not turn further . I was lucky that camera and lens are still under warranty and Canon was able to help . I was told by Canon that something inside the lens must have come loose or shifted . This should really not happen . In over 20 years of using Canon cameras , this was a scary first ... Please inspect your lens carefully and if the locking mechanism looks different from your current lens , or if it does not attach very smoothly right away , return it and do not use it.I hope this will help others in the future.Update
 Listen . I am likely to buy another one of these lenses , because they take EXCELLENT pictures . But when people talk about how flimsy the lens is , they are n't whistling dixie . I broke one of these lenses accidentally in a fluke accident that would not have damaged ANY of my other lenses . It 's a problem because I 'd gotten so used to using this lens it became my default . If you do happen to purchase this lens either be prepared to buy another one -- and given that it is comparatively inexpensive this may not be a problem -- or be prepared to really really care for it .
 I use mostly canon L-series glass . I was thrilled with the performance of this lens -- super sharp -- but dismayed when the lens rolled off my pelican case and fell 7 inches * onto carpet * and broke clean in two . Ridiculous . I 've handled a earlier version -LRB- with a metal -RRB- mount that felt far more robust .
 Okay . So I ordered this lens two weeks ago and I 'm pretty sure I wore it out . It 's plastic and very cheaply made . The lens literally fell apart . I would reccommend spending around $ 200 more and getting the 1.6 because it is made from metal and not plastic.I must praise the picture quality , though . I was very pleased with the detail that it picked up when the f-stop was low . The pictures were so clear and crisp . I really could n't believe I got that quality from a $ 100 lens.In conclusion , this lens is cheap and will fall apart if you 're a photographer that uses your camera everyday . But you do get what you pay for , image quality wise . Just note that it 's extremely fragile and will break without you dropping , slamming , throwing , etc. . I never even bumped mine on anything and it still fell apart .
 I bought this lens for my daughter 's Canon Rebel camera . Although I read the reviews and understood that the lens had questionable build quality , I concluded that for the price and given the Canon name , it would be ok for a teenager . Sadly , when I received it I was surprised to find it was almost entirely plastic ... almost toy-like . After about 90 days , the lens became jammed on the camera and could not be removed . I have owned 4 Canon DSLR 's and 10 EOS lenses and none have ever jammed in the camera mount like this . Ultimately , the plastic casing around the lens fell apart while we attempted to remove the lens . Very disappointing . I am sending it back , but I really do n't want it replaced because the way it is built it will not hold up under any sort of field use . A minor bump will damage the casing around the lens .
 I have hardly used this lens and abused it in no way . After 2 months it 's no good to me because I ca n't get a sharp picture out of it . The AF is way off . If I manually focus I can come close , but no cigar . All my other lenses are awesome so I know its not the cameras fault .
 The lens I got from this company is not as good as what I expected . Camera lens should be very well manufactured , but my lens is very loose . You can see the pics are moving when focusing . Does low price mean low quality ???
 This lens should only be purchased if your in a pinch . It is made mostly plastic , and has some focusing issues do to the poor quality . Do n't get me wrong , it can definitely get the job done , but is best used as a back-up only . Spend the money , and get the f1 .4 50mm .
 This lens takes sharp pictures but I do n't think it would last a year . The glass is good but the body is junk so back to amazon it went . I missed my full refund returns window , but I will gladly take a partial refund over trying to resell it and sharing potential headache with someone else . I ended up spending a bit more and getting a used MK I on ebay and I think that was certainly the right direction for me to go . I would have purchased the more expensive f/1 .4 had I not found the f/1 .8 MK I elsewhere . I am sad to see Canon releasing something with such poor build quality at any price point.Another factor in deciding to return this was that it was n't any good for manual focus . It has a tiny ring on the end that was difficult to use . The MK I in addition to having a depth of field meter also is very comfortable when focusing manually.The reviews here indicate that many people are enjoying their Canon EF 50mm f/1 .8 II Camera Lens . For me personally it was a no go .
 I ordered this lens a few weeks ago and my 9 yr old camera took its first fall ever . It was probably at a height of 2.5 - 3.0 feet . The lens had a plastic lens hood on but even with this , the front part of the lens broke right off the rest of the enclosure . Lens hood was still intact , go figure.Good lens but easily breakable .
 This lens has wonderful picture quality and the pictures I took with it for the first week were incredible . However this lens only lasted me one week . I bought it because it was in my price range and within a week it had broken in half . I was changing my current lens out for this one one day and the lens simply tapped on the table underneath where I was changing lenses and it broke in half . SO , I figured this was my fault and that I had tapped it too hard on accident which is why it broke . I ordered a new one . The next DAY the same thing happened . It tapped my larger lens and broke in half . I definitely think something is wrong with the construction of the product and even if this has n't happened to you , I would strongly recommend buying the more expensive 50 mm f1 .4 lens rather than risking it with this one . It will be worth your while
 Dont ' get it unless you have warranty on both the lens and your camera . Very badly built !!!! -LRB- the connecting piece is made of plastic , instead of metal , which other canon lens usually use . -RRB- !!! On the 10th times using it , it get stucked in the camera when i was having my vacation in sdyney -LRB- i live in California -RRB- . Eventually I took no pictures for the whole day in sydney . and now both the lens and camera were sent to Canon for repair .
 I bought a Canon 400D -LRB- XTi -RRB- with the kit lens in October . This lens was my first addition to my kit . For portraits , it 's super . You can snap away indoors without a flash because it 's so fast . The narrow depth of field also makes for some super outdoor shots . And if you stop it down some , it 's super sharp.Overall , just a great performer . -LSB- Later edit -RSB- My review above was published soon after purchasing this lens . I stand by my thoughts on the performance of the lens . It 's awesome . However , the lens is so incredibly fragile that I have broken two of them -LRB- I dropped one , so I do n't hold that against Canon -RRB- . My second version of the lens broke through normal use . I think they made this lens out of tissue paper . I will be replacing the lens with something more expensive , but sturdier .
 I picked up this lens primarily to shoot at night , or in darker areas with my 60D . When I got it I was blown away by just how great it was for the price!I purchased this on Jan. 13th 2011 and used it quite a lot in 3 months.Fast forward to May 8th 2011 . Reaching into my bag to pull the lens out , the entire front of the lens came apart from the rest of it!The build feels like total garbage . It feels like a toy lens , but without the indestructible-ness of a solid toy ! I was shopping around and decided on a canon because it was a first party lens , and I assumed the build would be better . After looking around the inside i could see the grooves in which it separated from . After a little bit of fiddling i was able to get the lens back into one piece again but now the auto focus is totally unresponsive at all ! Hopefully canon can do something for me with this as im trying to send it off to them , but since its past the 90 day mark I 'm not holding my breath . Be warned , it really is great when it works but there 's a reason why people call this the iffy fifty.I am totally disappointed in this product , and would not recommend it to anyone who is expecting the quality of a solid lens .
 i ve just set it on my canon 550 D and autofocus doesnot work ! what the hell is going on
 I bought the lens last April and it sat in my camera bag until last weekend . After a year , I decided to finally use it and just a week of use the auto-focus no longer works !! I will say , the pictures it can produce are great , but if you like auto-focus look elsewhere !
 I was attracted to the many cool features of this product , and it worked well until 2 months after it 's warranty expired . Then suddenly the audio signal went to one-channel only , with lots of distortion and intermittent total interruptions , i.e. it is unlistenable . I paid > $ 100 for this thing . It was not worth it . Unacceptable product life .
 you would be better off burning your money than buying this product . i put 1 star for ratings but it is actually minus five stars .
 Love love love having this item . I live out in town in Misawa Japan , not on the base so my voltage is Japanese . I bought a slow cooker on base and went to try it out one weekend . I made a chicken and veggie thing . After cooking it for 10 hours on low , I thought the chicken was cooked , yeah no . That was with me plugging the slow cooker right into the wall . Not a good experience.Now I plug all my American appliances -LRB- George Foreman Grill , crock pot , etc -RRB- into the converter . I know everything will be cooked and will heat to temp . I ca n't believe I went over a year before buying one . If you live in Japan with American appliances , you NEED one of these . **** UPDATE ****** 4/13/12The silly thing up and died on me . I did n't use it often , it just stopped working one day . Since I now have to replace it , maybe I should try a different brand . Boo !
 I started having problems with Screen display from the start . It flickers and then goes gray . My first email to the company for assitance was ignored . The second email was replied to and made no sense . A phone call placed earlier today to customer service has yielded no response . I 've been able to watch two movies in two months .
 I have a Q-See QSOCWC camera that came with a 60 ' cable but needed to extend the length . After adding the 120 ' extension I got nothing from the camera but white lines and total blanking of the video and no audio . After using just the 120 ' cable I got the same thing .
 Not sure what to say . I can only use the video and audio cables . When I connect the power , I get no signal on the other end . The power cable either has too much loss or creates too much noise . Either way , its not useful for both power and video.I brought the power up with other means to the camera and it works fine as a carrier for video/audio . Just not together .
 I ordered the replacement shoulder strap based on the description as using metal hardware . When I received the shipment , the strap length adjusting buckles were plastic . Also , the item is named Roadwired on the website , but that name was not on the package , which was Skooba . I do not intend to use Adorama in the future .
 I had a bunch of video 's -LRB- avi 's mpegs -RRB- in my comp that I wanted to back up , so I decided I would use some of these dvd-rw 's to back them up . BIG MISTAKE ! So far 2 dvd-rw 's out of the 6 I have recorded have stopped functioning . My dvd-rw wo n't read them due to a `` corruption '' error , and I have n't even reused this disc !!!! Incredible that after one burn it 's already giving out !!! I 'm soo mad ... I will never trust memorex ever again ! Horrible product ! Do n't bother using this for storage , because they WILL stop functioning ... trust me .
 I find it strange that the Memorex DVD-RW reviews here are favorable , while at the same time the Memorex DVD+RW reviews complain of bad media.Last year I bought Memorex RAM disk as well as Memorex DVD-RW disks for use with my Toshiba D-KR2 . I believe I only had one bad disk out of 10 or so that I used . They lasted over a full year of through dozens and dozens of recordings and eventually degraded , no complaints here and at that time I probably would have given them 4 stars.However I recently bought a pack of 5 Memorex DVD-RW and only 1 of 5 formated -LRB- hence the rating here -RRB- . I also recently bought a pack of Fuji RAM disk and the first two I tried did not work and failed several tries at formating . Unfortunately , I bought these at Best Buy which are notarious for their lack of customer service and they refused to accept returns on these.So , what 's going on here ? Why are we letting these manufacturers get away with selling products that sometimes work in some machines and fail most of the time in others ? Where 's the Six Sigma attitude when you need it ?
 I have used this _ RW with my Sanyo DVD recorder . The result is that I cound not play the recording . It wil freeze up . and some times they can not be formatted . They will not function well if they are used for the VR mode . I have used other brands such as TDK or Fuji . they are OK .
 It will not work on this drive . Period . I switched to Maxell and Fujifilm disks , and now I 'm a happy camper .
 Reads as Audio file -LRB- from a fresh disk . -RRB- Windows Media Pops up when disk is first inserted . Huh?Mis reads memory -LRB- states disk has 1.99 GB 's without even being used yet . -RRB- What?Does not function for Backup source -LRB- Windows Me -RRB- Why Me?Does not format ... What?No matter which Memorex you use none of them work . I tried 3 versions of DVD+RWD isk played DVD R 's from Verbatim but spit Memorex out like tobacco.This company never ceases to amaze me with the mistakes in their products from CD 's to DVD 's . You want to know the most popular brand on the shelf ? Start by seeing the brand that 's missing the most . If the shelf is over-stocked with Memorex , then it 's pretty obvious people are n't buying them for a reason . Say your prayers , or buy a tent and camp outside of the store . Waste of money .
 Very unreliable ... . I have used DVD RW and CD RW Memorex disks on multiple computers and DVD recorders . I find that they ... 1 -RRB- do n't last ... get about 50 re-recordings NOT 1500 2 -RRB- may crap out on any occasion ... multiple CD RW 's with critical material would NOT read on multiple computers.AVOID MEMOREX DVD RW & CD RW DISKS !!
 These disks simply do not work with the Plextor-708A DVD writer , even with the latest firmware upgrade . When I called Plextor for some guidance , they told be never to use this brand . I switched to TDK and had no problems after that .
 These discs are in a word - USELESS . I would urge anyone considering purchasing these discs to first run a search on google for Memorex , DVD-RW and problems . There are a lot of users out there who have found these discs do not work - all using various DVD writers . I was using the DVD+RW by Memorex on my Sony DRX-500ULX no problem . Because these were out of stock , I ordered 50 Memorex DVD-RW . The first did n't work , so I tried to format the second -LRB- tried Nero , DLA -RRB- . That did n't work , checked the firmware on my drive - yep , bang up to date from the Sony website . So I tried a third , no joy . Having read all the complaints about these discs I contacted Memorex to ask their help . They wrote back and said there was nothing they could do , the drive was the problem not the discs . If that 's the case - why are there so many people with different drives -LRB- Pioneer , NEC , Sony -RRB- all suffering the same problem using Memorex DVD-RW discs . So I am left with 9 unopened boxes of DVD-RW discs that do n't work . Useless customer service , even worse product . Save your time and money and buy another brand .
 Just like all other DVD media Memorex offers , this is total junk . I ca n't believe CompUSA would carry such an inferior product . Yes , the discs worked great for about a year . Then the dye totally disintegrates , after only 10 erases and re-writes . As you can you see , the warranty is only a year so I wasted my money . Memorex should state on the package `` Discs will only work for year or after 10 re-writes '' . What a scumbag company
 At least Memorex is consistent . I just got another box of these and the second box is just as crappy as the 1st . They should be ashamed of themselves from even attempting to sell this junk . These disks do not work . Period . New computers , old computers , burners , whatEVER ... Memorex RW DVDs are absolute trash .
 I accidentally bought this bag instead of the Sling Shot , which has great reviews . Unfortunately I live in Korea and bought the bag at Namdaemun market and it ca n't be returned ... one of the problems of Korea . I assure you it is genuine , in case you wonder -LRB- it 's always a good question for Asia ! -RRB- My problems are : My Canon Kiss X -LRB- Rebel XT -RRB- BARELY fits in the bag with a 4 '' lens on it and it 's incredibly difficult to remove it through the `` easy access '' zipper on the top of the bag.It 's not comfortable to wear , and the slider which goes through the shoulder strap does n't move easily.My first time out shooting with it was just annoying and I think I 'll end up using it just as a storage case and for travel.I really want to like this bag , but it does n't perform well for me !
 I thought I liked this case at first , then I realized -LRB- afte 6 months -RRB- it 's just not worth the hassle . It 's very difficult to open at times , and the hinge is very weak . I also do n't think the covered screen is worth the protection . On must open the case to see who 's calling them , and that 's NOT a one-hand operation with this case .
 I bought this for geo-caching . I actually decided to go Lowrance because I have another that I use for the car and liked that one . I hate this iFinder GPS . It is so hard to use and the directions are completely confusing.I did look into Tom Tom and theirs can used for driving directions as well as for entering the latitudes and longitudes ...
 I bought this for my son 's 9th birthday . The light stopped working seconds after putting in the battery . The entire Magniscope literally fell apart within five minutes . Do n't waste your money !
 This item does n't even work . The little light that you are suppose to stick into the base to be able to even see anything is n't bright enough . There is no point in using the focus knob because you are never able to actually see anything . If you take it out of the base to carry around , which is a great idea , still does n't matter , you ca n't see anything ... Expensive and a waste of money !!!
 Someone gave this to my son for his birthday and he was excited while opening it . Then we realized the bulb was not working , which made the entire microscope unusable . I wrote to the company and a customer rep promised to mail us a bulb . That was 4 months ago . We are stilll waiting . Clearly they do not make good on their products . This one should have been taken off the market .
 The item i received was n't even in the original packaging as showed in the picture . What i received instead was a CHEAP Chines Knock Off . Disappointed .
 Ha , so poorly packed , it arrived with no lens . Too much trouble to deal with so I never reported it . Piss poor packing .
 I have owned Netgear FWAG114 for over one year and have had repeated problems with random drop outs of service . Like a previous reviewer , I have had to reset the AP at least once a day for it to resume to work . At first , I thought it was my cable service ; however , when I switched to a different router , I have absolutely no problems . I have updated the AP with the most recent Firmwire and have purchased several to test them . Unfortunately , they are all lemons and the problem lies within the AP itself .
 I 've owned this unit for a week and I 've had to reboot it over a dozen times . My experience with Netgear 's FWAG114 is apparently the rule rather than the exception ; message boards show many people face this problem . Things like VPN are worthless if you have to do a local reboot twice a day ; Netgear is irresponsible for selling this product . This is a very expensive product that I would think Netgear would want to work . Why they would stake their reputation in part on a product they know does n't work is simply baffling . In short , the fancy specs obfuscate the fact that it just does n't work . The Netgear FWAG114 is ultimately a glowing example of `` too good to be true . ''
 Unfortunately I 'm unable to tell you anything about this device only to say that it did n't fit on MY Sony Digital 8 camera . So I returned it .
 Bought this because the Sony website said it fit my camcorder -LRB- HDR-CX260V -RRB- . It DOES NOT . This light only works on camcorders that have a proprietary ` active interface ' shoe . Had to return it . -LRB- Thks Amazon for making it easy to return . -RRB- Shame on Sony for several additional reasons besides not having the ` active interface ' shoe on more models :1 . For claiming that its camcorders can record in low light situations - they do n't 2 . Not having a built in light on most of its camcorders - like many other manufacturers3 . Not making available Nightshot -LRB- see-in-the-dark infrared -RRB- like it had on older modelsNow I have to carry my own flashlight to illuminate low light situations . Shame . Shame .
 Yet again Sony has outsmarted itself , the replacement bulb costs more than the light . It lasts I believe for like 300 - 500 hours , and the bulb needs replacement . On the plus side its compact enough to remain with the camcorder but gets hot enough not to use it for prolonged periods of time .
 Tengo la Canon Powershot Pro 1 de 8mp , buscando en Amazon un Lens Cap , me dio este modelo , lo mando a buscar y NO LE SIRVE a la PRO 1 . Fue dinero Perdido , poco pero perdido .
 Bought it from deepdiscounts ! It was delivered two weeks after the supposed date of arrival . . Not as described . I was fooled and thought it was the original but it is not . And it does n't have the brand name Canon on it as the photo showed . Its quality is disappointing . . Will return it !
 I LOVED this printer !! The print quality is truly phenomenal ! I had a few issues with paper sizes , too many pieces being fed through , the rear feed slot , same as other reviewers , but looked beyond those because the prints were so wonderful . And yes , I am speaking in past tense of my wonderful printer , because it is DEAD at the ripe old age of 13 months ! Exactly ONE MONTH after the 1-yr warranty , my printer is `` unfixable '' . And HP wo n't do anything for me ... after speaking to 8 people on the phone -LRB- only one of which I understood fully -RRB- and 3 supervisors , they just said that I 'm SOL ... So , yes , very nice printer , if it lasts .
 The HP Photosmart 8750 printer seems to be very well made with some nice features . However my color `` test '' photos were very disappointing . Using HP Premium Plus photo paper and the printer set to `` best quality '' a band of lighter color would appear across the printout spoiling the print . The banding runs parallel to the print head path and starts around the last inch of the print being printed . The band varies in width somewhat but is typically .125 '' to .50 '' wide . I increased the print quality to the `` MAX DPI '' setting and even more banding appeared in the print . I then tried printing directly from a compact flash card pluged directly into the card slot using the same image and the print still had visible banding . I then exchanged the printer for another 8750 yesterday with no luck as I still had banding issues . The print quality would be excellent except for the banding that keeps appearing . I am returning the printer for a refund .
 The print quality is very good and set-up is simple enough , but it does have feeding problems . My biggest problem , big enough to decide to replace it , was that it did n't like to work with some software , specifically CS3 Indesign , Photoshop and Illustrator , all stables of my design studio .
 I will NEVER buy another HP product again ... be it a printer , computer or whatever . The main reason is HP has arguably the worst technical support staff . On two separate occasions , I had problems with my HP Photosmart printer so I called HP 's techical support . They ask you the perfunctory questions and try to sound all polite and concerned and everything but then the inevitable always happens -- they recommend you to buy an ugraded HP printer ! They do n't even bother trying to help you fix the printer that you already have . Well , after I spoke to technical support , I contacted a buddy of mine who knows a lot more about computers than I do . Needless to say he fixed my printer , which was n't that big of a problem , unlike HP 's technical support . The problems ? 1 -RRB- I was having difficulty with the cradle inside the printer going back and forth . It was stuck . 2 -RRB- After I bought a new laptop computer that came with Microsoft Vista , I had difficulty hooking up my HP printer with my new computer . In conclusion , I strongly discourage anyone to buy anything from HP until their technical support staff stops acting like salespeople instead .
 I purchased this printer a few months ago based on its high marks . I own a small graphic design firm and am proficient with computers , printers etc. . This printer has something very wrong with it . I 'm guessing its a defective product sold to me by a amazon vendor named , PixLaser . I 've never been able to print a descent quality print from this printer , the prints are blurry , color is all wrong and there are horizontal lines on the images.I tried contacting PixLaser to return or exchange the item . I never received a response . I paid over $ 1,000 for this P.O.S.Last time i will use Amazon or any of it 's vendors .
 Not what I was hoping for ... upgraded from a CP1700 ... Oooops.This thing eats ink , is ridiculously slow , prints faded images -LRB- with no insight from tech support -RRB- and consistanly pulls multiple pages.Oh but it looks nice . No more HP 's for this kid ...
 Prints , -LRB- if they come -RRB- , are OK , but off centered . Try to get this printer not to jam paper -LRB- 20LB , 24LB , good gloss of any kind , through any rout . Poor programming from the IT 's . Good prints-when it works , it works really slow . Others can be bad sometimes , but nothing like this HP PRO PHOTOSMART 9180B .
 About a third of the price of a Canon but lasted less than a year . Supposed 3 year warranty . Probably will avoid the aftermarket battery packs for the HV10 .
 Bought the battery , charged the battery , used the battery and the battery never worked again . I used it once and was never able to recharge it . I 've put it through 2 different battery chargers and am 100 % positive that I 'm using it correctly . Hopefully the 3 year warranty does n't have strings attached .
 This is an update -LRB- 1 + year later -RRB- Now the scanner unit has failed , puts a white stripe down the middle of every scanned , faxed or copied page . So essentially , we paid a lot of money for a bulky laser printer -LRB- with print quality not the best I 've seen -RRB- . Xerox service has only gotten more expensive , and the new scan unit alone costs $ 708 retail , so having our own , less expensive tech do the work is n't an option.I am extremely frustrated by this machine . We bought it thinking it would be good for general use and also for scanning old documents for archiving.Well , we were mislead by the presence of the automatic document feeder -LRB- ADF -RRB- . it is a great all-around printer/copier/fax , but the scanning is very poorly implemented.Here 's what we suffered through :1 . The scanning drivers provided did n't work right out of the gate , and we were unable to scan for the longest time .2 . Our initial USB install did n't work , even after a lot of time on the phone with Xerox . So we used a parallel cable . Now , we can use USB
 Purchased this product used about 2 years ago and recorded the ownership change with Xerox.The scanner has never really worked correctly -LRB- I have never tried to scan more than one page at a time -RRB- and the control center software only works once in a while . After I bought it I managed to get the thing set up after hours of fussing with it and get the control software to sort of work . Unfortunately , I recently upgraded the computer hard drive and had to reinstall the xerox . Of course that meant that all of my work around fixes were lost . Having grown tired of spending 20 minutes to scan a single page and turn it into a PDF file -LRB- just getting the TWAIN drivers to fire up is a challenge -RRB- and juggle it through three programs -LRB- the version of paperport that came with it will not convert to a PDF , so you have to install a PDF print driver and print to a pdf -RRB- , I decided to see if there was a firmware update available . That was a huge mistake.I followed the directions on their web site for installing the new software , but once you find those instructions -LRB- think `` hide and seek '' -RRB- they do n't mention the fact that the M15i can not have one of the updates . I missed the fine print on the download site and the update trashed the machine . Like the previous reviewer , I called xerox `` support '' and they would not tell me how to remove the software from the machine -LRB- once the machine is updated it prevents you from reinstalling the original software -RRB- and only offered to send a technician out for $ 280 for 30 minutes of support . They then said that they had no record that I owned the machine -LRB- like I am going to call about a machine I do n't own ? -RRB- , so I would have to resend the receipt and then they could send a technician . I ended up taking it to a local repair shop who replaced the software with the original junk for the relatively low price of about $ 130 dollars.Well , the thing now knows that it is supposed to be more than a copier , but it is back to the same poor performance . For example , this morning getting the control software to run only took two reboots and about a half hour . With any luck it will now pick up the phone at the same time the answering machine does and switch to fax mode when appropriate , but it missed an important fax this morning -LRB- hence the rebooting , since I needed to make sure the fax was set to pick up at the same time as the answering machine and the only place to put in that info is in the control software -RRB- . Given the poor performance , number of problems , and what I believe to be the complete absence of any practical support for a home product , I strongly recommend that people consider other manufacturers . I have a MFC from Brother that I use in my office at work and that thing has worked like a champ .
 I bought this to replace a key board on my laptop , the connector cable was in the wrong place , could n't use it so Make sure before you buy ... !
 I bought this for my Canon Rebel XSI after reading mixed reviews . I returned it however because it is way to bulky and the color is really ugly . I decided to buy the Tamrac 5501 Explorer 1 Camera Bag instead which is the SAME SIZE and fits way more stuff inside because of it 's design and many , many pockets !
 Perhaps I missed this but I thought this case would accommodate the CANON 50D . At any rate , if you are buying this case for the Canon 50D the fit is VERY tight , need two hands to place in case and secure it -LRB- not very functional for quick uses . Difficult to get camera strap inside case , need to squeeze it in , placing it against view screen . Padding is fair , other cases much better.I do not know how well the rebel fits in this case and may work fine for that camera frame
 Plenty of padding . Larger than picture . Camera fits well with plenty ofroom for longer lens and extra discs , cleaners . Belt strap on back adds bulk . Would be better if designed for using the camera 's own neck strap instead of adding another neck strap to deal with . Also , there is no way to attach this case to your own camera ` sstrap .
 Okay product but there is a lot of fraying around the top of the pack . I was expecting something more with a Canon badge on it .
 I bought this as soon as I bought my 40D with the 28-135mm kit lens.My first impression was that it was made of tough material that was at least water resistant.With my setup , this pack was a perfect fit for my needs.Quick access , discreet , very light , extremely accessible , and cheap.One thing I did right away was cut off the waist straps that are tucked away in the rear of the pack . I decided I would never need it and was just taking up space.Then I upgraded to the kit lens to the 24-70L lens . This pack was no longer a comfortable fit . Although it would go in , the fit was extremely tight and impossible to zipper -LRB- only zelcro shut -RRB- . Last week , with this pack slung around one shoulder , I got out of my car . The strap slipped off my right shoulder and caught on my elbow . Unfortunately , the front element made contact with the pavement from about 6 '' of the ground . At that time , I did n't think there would be any damage . I found out later that it was enough to crack my $ 80 B+W UV filter on my 24-70L . I recognize that it was due to my negligence , but it would have been more safe for me to sling my 40D with the standard camera strap -LRB- which is shorter and has more grip -RRB- , than to store it in this pack with a more slippery nylon strap.I would NOT suggest getting this bag because :1 -RRB- NOT ENOUGH PADDING ! 2 -RRB- DO NOT buy a camera bag that only lets you store your camera lens down ! -LRB- Too much risk -RRB- 3 -RRB- Does n't protect camera from minor drops . -LRB- Actually may increase risk of damage to lens because it can only be stored facing down -RRB- 4 -RRB- Minimal to no extra storage space.If you spent $ $ $ $ on your camera set up , do n't go cheap with this bag . Invest in something that will sufficiently protect your camera ! -LRB- I have since ordered the Crumpler 5 MDH and store the camera sideways , so that the lens is no longer facing down -RRB-
 Canon should design a bag for just one COMPACT Rebel SLR with one lens attached and a second lens . The Zoom Pack 1000 `` Holster '' name implies a good fit , and a Canon Rebel T2i/550D just flops around inside .
 Having used my MP700 for approx 6 months the print quality of photos suddenly deteriorated , leaving colours jaded and lacking in vibrancy . Not suspecting my -LRB- almost -RRB- new printer I replaced my Olympus digital camera with a top of the range Fuji . No difference . I then spent the next 7 months playing around with different settings and different types of photo paper , to no avail . I then replaced my entire PC , still not thinking the printer could be the problem . When this also failed to improve matters it started to occur to me that it must be the printer , but what ? I had always used genuine Canon ink carts , I was using top quality glossy photo paper , then it was suggested that the print head may have failed . I purchased a new one at a cost of 70 -LRB- $ 130 -RRB- as by now the printer was one month out of warranty . Problem solved , well , for 4 months anyway , as the problem is now back , big and bad as ever . Canon have refused to accept any responsibility , simply referring me to their dealer who tells me there is only 3 months warranty on these heads , so I have to buy yet another one . So if you are considering buying one of these otherwise excellent printers be prepared to spend 70 on a new print head every 100 or so sheets !
 I 've had this printer for over a year now and for the past 6 months , the print quality has been terrible . This month , it wo n't print at all and I 've been told I need to buy a new printhead which will cost at least $ 70 . I 've tried cleaning the printhead , doing any possible maintenance I could and none of this helped . I have always used Canon ink cartridges and never abuse this printer . Reading the last review makes me wonder if it will be worth it to replace the printhead or just invest in a new printer . I 've never had a printhead problem with any other printer I 've owned -LRB- at least 3 others over a span of several years -RRB- .
 I recently purchased this product because a guy I worked with had one . He had raved about the fact that he did n't have to charge it for a week . I received this product and have found that I must charge it every day ! I listen to 2 AM radio stations for approximately 5 hours out of the day . After one day of listening , they just fade and I 'm usually unable to pick them back up . If I do , they fade away within minutes again . I 've cranked this radio 90-100 times -LRB- figuring this would be approx 30-45 min playing time -RRB- when it fades and it usually fades way before it should . For the price and time/effort I 've put into this radio , it is far from worth it ! I 'll go back to a radio that uses batteries . Even though I must pay for the batteries , it wo n't fade on me for a month or more ! If I were you , I would n't buy this product !
 I bought this radio for the emergency weather band . With frequent power outages and tornadoes here , such a radio is a household necessity . However , I can hardly get a signal for the closest weather station - I have to hold the radio at some ridiculous angle to get even a faint signal . By contrast I also have an Eton wind up radio I bought from LLBean for less money and I can get two weather stations crystal clear .
 I have owned this printer -LRB- MP730 -RRB- for approximately 3 months . The printer does not respond when you go to print . The tech service at Canon has been responsive but are at a loss as how to resolve this issue . We uninstalled and reinstaled drivers and did assorted `` tweaks '' . Presently , the MP730 is erratic , since it might respond 1 in 5 times . Also , the scan function does not always function . One of the techs at Canon indicated that this unit is quite new , `` perhaps some bugs need to be fixed '' . At any rate , I am obviously displeased with this unit . I will probably donate to charity and get another HP or Lexmark .
 We bought this Multipass730 and set it up today . After working with Canon Tech Support for a long time , not a single drop of ink is appearing on the test pages . We have now been told to take it to a service center Monday thru Friday . Today is Friday at 5pm , so we ca n't use the printer this entire weekend . What a loser we have purchased !!!
 Purchased this unit March 2004 . Unit was defective out of the box and was promptly replaced by Canon 's Instant Exchange Program . Worked fine until June 1 and was told that I would get a replacement `` print head '' despite the fact that I 've pointed out that I wanted a replacement unit since this is available as an option . The part is on it 's way and should be arriving here on June 7 . As promised by one of Canon 's Tech Support supervisor , if this does n't work they will be shipping me another unit . I know Canon makes great products and the reviews here made me decide to purchase this MF . It 's a great product when it works . But my experience going through 2 defective units makes me wonder about the workmanship of this product . BTW Canon Support is one of the best in the industry . This is the only reason why I would end up keeping the product rather than donating it to charity . I eventually got a replacement unit and so far have not had any more problems .
 I , like several others , have had problems with this machine recognizing the printer . It seems that the MP730 has a conflict with the USB port for several people , including myself . I called Canon and they gave me the runaround about how this was n't an issue . Well , do a Google search and you will find this actually is a known problem . After following the installation instructions , to an exact T several times with different USB cables , it still would not recognize the printer . My story is not the only one like this . Other reviewers problems with this KNOWN problem read identical to mine . If you are one of the lucky ones to have no USB problems , then you have a great multi-functional machine . I wish I was so lucky !
 I have had my MP730 for 4 days now and so far have talked with Canon tech once . When we try to print from our computers we keep getting an error 5C00 and the alram goes off . Tech said to turn off , on again , reset the print head and cartridges . It should not keep happening !!! I have to do a few more things
 -LSB- -LSB- ASIN : B002BXD6FU Typewriter Ribbon Canon AP01 SC70 Compatible -RSB- This item , purchased from Amazon could not be shipped to Canada by the vender . This was not disclosed until after the order was placed . It was therefore necessary to arrange delivery to my son 's address in the US and request forwarding . Arrival in the US has been confirmed but I have yet to receive it so can not review.Aside from that , I was oleased to fine a cartridge source for my old Cannon S68-S Typewriter .
 I just received this item and am returning it for a full Credit . The item weights 2.3 ounces . It looks nothing like the picture . I would ` nt pay $ 5 for what I received . It 's still going to cost me postage to return it . I 'd rate it a zero , if I could . I would never trust J&R on anything else .
 Saw a good deal the other day on a QPS Que ! external drive and bought it which was factory-sealed . But it quit working after just 2 weeks , and there was * no * one answering in tech support ! Poor product and service . Just not acceptable . -LRB- Does anyone know if QPS is based in India ?? -RRB-
 this company is a pack of thieves and hoodlumsthey never call you back , when you call them they pretend like the product doesnt belong to them when you get them to own up to it , they say they are no longer in buiness . . BEWARE
 I have had no end of trouble with my 60 MB QueM3 drive from QPS . I 've never gotten any help from them , either . It finally just died after I got very little use out of it . I have no idea if this drive works with PCs or not , but with my Mac , it has been a great disappointment .
 I purchased this hardrive to merely backup up important files not currently in use . After about a month , the unit starting garbling and mis-identifying files . It began to classify simple mac files -LRB- like Appleworks -RRB- as PC files needing a translator to open . It is not a trustworthy machine for the Mac although the company states it 's compatibility .
 this hard drive has always been quirky ... sometimes requiring the power flipped on and off to get it to work . finally it just died on me , taking several years worth of files with it . I should have read the reviews here sooner and backed my files up . This drive was flakey from the start and now it 's not much better than a doorstop . I strongly recommend buying a different brand if your files are important to you . yes this drive was inexpensive , but I guess you get what you pay for .
 Frankly , I 'm surprised Que is still in business . If you purchase their hardware you can be sure they will never upgrade the drivers , so your hardware will be obsolete the minute you buy if . If your hardware happens to break , which is likely , you can forget returning it since their support line is busy 24x7 , and they never return email.In short , their product is junk , and I will never buy another Que product again , which is even more likely considering they wo n't be in business much longer .
 UPDATE
 My old Netgear router was a cinch to set up compared to this . I 'm running XP on a 6-month old laptop -- maybe it 'll work OK with Vista but I 've tried to set it up 3 times this week with no luck . Conflicting instructions on the CD , Manual and web-site -LRB- that 's 3 sets of instructions -RRB- make it worse . After installing , it caused a shut-down error -LRB- two times -RRB- that required a system restore to fix . The IP address may or may not have to be entered manually at which point it overrides the wired network IP address which then has to be `` repaired '' in order to connect again . The whole thing is a mess . I looked at Flashing the firmware but honestly , it 's not quite as easy it the other posts make it sound . Newegg reviews show several people with the same problems and Buffalo offers virtually NO tech support .
 I 've owned and set up many routers and expected this one to good from the hype . Not only was its instruction manual totally useless , but its performance was never as good as even the average router performance I 'd experienced previously.It totally died on me after a couple months.Dealing with their Customer Service was a nightmare I 'll never again subject myself to . They also double as salesmen , trying to get more money from you . They tried to sell me a more expensive router at an inflated price , and several calls only taught me they are clueless about their own products . On the other hand , they must be trained well in trying to avoid RMA 's . I took with a grain of salt the claims that Buffalo employees artificially pumped up their online ratings , until this experiencing their products/CS firsthand .
 This router has been in operation for about 3 weeks . When it is functioning correctly , it is a pleasure to use . Unfortunately , it requires almost daily power cycling to keep it running - all the idiot lights show normal operation , but there 's no wired or wireless connectivity until it 's power cycled .
 I had a terrible experience with this radio -- the reception was so bad nothing came in on FM . The FM antenna is built into the headphone wires so you have to play with the position of the wires . Not worth it even if they gave it to me ! I returned it to the store within hours .
 I have not been impressed with the reception of this radio . As another reviewer stated , the antenna seems to be the wire of the earbuds . For me , this causes radio stations to have a rythmic swish of loud static as the cord swings while I run . I 've tried putting the cord under my shirt , which stops the rhythm of the static , however , there is still a lot of static at times . It seems to be related to which cardinal direction I am facing and how the radio is oriented on my shorts . Last , the radio will sometimes just seem to lose a station ... not matter how finely I turn the little dial , I simply ca n't get it to come in clearly . And for me , reception indoors is simply awful . All in all , it 's highly annoying and I would gladly pay triple what this radio costs for one that could lock onto a station clearly .
 These suck . To paraphrase Homer Simpson , these are `` the suckiest bunch of sucks that ever sucked . `` They are hardly CLEAR , as the name might imply . The screen is very cloudy . They truly look terrible . Its hard to see details through them , making them probably appropriate for a lo-res palm , but never for a hi-res like the Tungsten . And they are MORE reflective than the palm screen , so that you are left not just with a cloudy , hazy view , but worse GLARE . Oh , and in case you HATE them and want to remove them immediately , they also use just a hint of adhesive , which lovingly clings to the surface of the screen and is REALLY difficult to get off . They are truly the worst screen covers I have seen with the exception of the Palm brand , which look worse , but are THINNER than these . And no , its not operator error . I tried 4 times , going painstakingly slowly , apply more pressure than I think the Palm can take . Bubbles everywhere - tiny , unmovable , unavoidable bubbles . I 've used Belkin and Fellowes screen protectors on previous PDAs , and they were far superior . These ClearScreens do n't do the brand name justice .
 These cases suck , As stated in other reviews , they are flimsy and break very easily . Mine looked like they were left on the dash of a car for a year . After contacting seller , all they did was deny that they were broken , and accuse me of leaving false feedback just to get more cases for free . NOT ! I do n't think so ! Why would I want more of your crap ! The only offer they made , was to have me ship them back , and mabie they would cover the shipping . Losers ! Dont buy from them ! Do n't leave a poor feedback , for they will be children and just leave you poor feedback as well . Grow up guys !
 Although this product is cheaper than most , you get what you pay for . The cases are flimsy , the locking tabs break off when you open or close the case and the clear cover tears easily . I was only able to use 8 out of 10 in each package -LRB- I bought 10 packages -RRB- . I was VERY dissapointed and will never buy again . Highly recommend you shop around a pay a few dollars more for something that will last .
 Coby , a Korean company , makes a wide range of very inexpensive electronic products . You can find them at a lot of discount stores here in New York . I have a CD-Player as well as this noise-canceling headset , and I must say I 'm happy with neither . Low prices are not necessarily a good thing!The problem with this product is simple
 Just a note that the CV-190 is not an `` active noise cancelling '' headphone . There are no electronics to reduce ambient noise , just the physical mass of the headphones themselves .
 Barely cancels any noise . Poor audio quality . Also very tight fitting . Some might like it but other like me feel it more a clamp around my head . Anyway , was not expecting much since I purchased for $ 15 / - . Will promptly return it tomorrow .
 The Coby CV190 barely cancels out any noise at all . I checked it in front of my refrigerator , dish washer and took it on a long flight and watched a movie with it . I got it for cheap , but I will return it.The package -LRB- pouch , 2-pin plug , battery -RRB- is a nice touch , but what good is it if it does not work .
 I measured the output voltages for each settings with a digital multimeter and get the follwing readings :3 V - > 4.824.5 V - > 6.76 V - > 8.577.5 V - > 10.559 V - > 12.5612 V - > 16.83
 I recently had a portable voice recorder fried by a Coby `` universal '' AC adapter only to discover that it delivered a much higher voltage than I set it for . For light loads , such unregulated universal adapters will deliver more voltage than desired potentially damaging electronics that do n't have -LRB- enough -RRB- over-voltage protection built-in . Upon checking with a meter , I observed an output of ~ 10V with the voice recorder attached instead of the 3V I set it for.If you are willing to pay a few dollars more , take a look at the Velleman compact adapter -LRB- PSSMV1 -RRB- -LRB- see Amazon : Compact Universal AC Adapter Power Supply -RRB- . The Velleman is actually a _ regulated _ switching DC power supply which consistently produces the voltage it is set for and runs extremely cool . Even with no load attached , the Velleman produces exactly what it is set for . The next time I have to replace another AC adapter , I will be buying another Velleman compact switching DC power adapter -LRB- and will likely even pick up a spare before the need arises ;--RRB- .
 I bought one of these , brand new . When I use it with a portable CD Player/Radio on the proper settings for my unit , the radio works for about 15 seconds , then shuts down . Like the other reviewer , I 'm wondering if the voltages are off . Will try a meter ...
 I used it the first time 3 months ago with my portable DVD player for about 15 minutes and it worked fine then . Yesterday I used it for the second time and it stopped working . I kept it plug in for a few minutes longer while trying to figure out why the power is still not on with the DVD player . The adapter started to get hot and a strange smell came out of the adapter . I immediately unplugged it and I saw smoke coming out of it . I am too scared to use it . It 's definitely going to the trash now .
 The Amazon description and even the product packaging for this unit state that it can do 1.5 volts , but it has no 1.5 volt setting . What a piece of junk .
 I had ordered just that type from another online seller/distributor . They were so shady they neglected to ship the adapter plugs with the unit , then hid behind their screen where you can only get in touch with them via email -- I 'm sure we 've all been there . The Coby product 's plugs fit the RCA , but the RCA unit was probably more than defective anyways . This Coby unit worked -- once I had puzzled out how the plugs were meant to be oriented on the open end of the device 's wiring -- with two devices with which I tried it ; the RCA did n't work , same plugs and same orientation , with either . With the other guys ' adapter you could barely tell if it _ was working -- no indicator light , which the Coby item has . Granted I 've only had it arrive here yesterday , but it already has my endorsement as something worth buying . BTW the mfr . of one of the units I tried this and the RCA on happend to BE RCA/Thomson . Steve W
 After about 6 or 8 months of riding on the dash board , the rubber suction piece seperated from the flipper , rendering the unit useless .
 I purchased this drive and had difficulty configuring it properly with Toast Titanium . I spent three days trying to contact a living person at QPS to no avail . I promptly repackaged the unit and returned it . Glad I did !
 Provides : - 3 surprisingly well cooled SATA drive bays in the space of two 5.25 external drive bays - Simple tray connection to the drives - Direct connection between drive bay back plane and connectors on SATA drive - Only two power connectors needed to power up to 3 drives - Nice slide and catch mechanism - Looks good installed - Aluminum to stay cool - Cooling fan is quiet , effective and replacableIn my case , my data array was taking up all the drive space in my case , and I needed space for the boot drive and the boot drive backup . I always keep air flowing on my drives , believe this extends the life and reliability , and this drive bay was just the ticket , at a very reasonable price . I had four total 5.25 bays , one occupied by DVD - / + R , now the two bottom bays have the Icy Dock 3in2 enclosure , with one still free . Fit was tight in the vertical dimension , had to bend tabs slightly on my 5.25 bays to get the Icy Dock to slide in . Icy Dock case does have a grove to slide over normal size tabs and this worked for me just fine.Watch outs are - be sure depth of enclosure plus fan will fit in your case - be sure your tabs in your 5.25 bays are not too large to slide in the groove on the Icy Dock - be careful with latching SATA connectors on the Icy Dock connectors , as the Icy Dock connectors are a bit fragile.As usual for me , I researched option carefully before selecting the Icy Dock 3in2 enclosure . Overall an excellent value , does exactly what I need reliably.Update 2012Eventually one SATA connector broke , and others slots stopped working . Not up to IcyDock quality standards , which are usually quite high . I have a CoolerMaster 3 bay to 4 drive adapter that is working just great several years on , recommend this instead if you have the room .
 I should 've stuck with my mini dv camcorder . Wan na know why ? How about losing an entire disc worth of footage in the blink of an eye ? Yeah that 's happened to me twice and now I 'm afraid to use the camera . Once I got slightly bumped and there was a disk error . Another time I was standing stock still with no one around me and got the same error . Then there were the numerous times I was in the middle of filming sometihing great and lost the moment because there was an error that froze up the camera until it reset itself . I wish I could return the damn thing but it 's over 30 days . At least with tape you can splice it if you need to . I think this format is a ploy to get consumers hooked on the novelty of being able to put the dvd right in their dvd players . IT 'S NOT WORTH IT !
 I was a SONY 100 % loyal customers until I bought this camera -LRB- camcorder , computer , DVD player , pen drive . . all SONY -RRB- . First of all , if you are like me and like to edit your videos , do n't think that you can just pop the disc in your computer and off you go . For capturing video it is just like any other camera
 I use this camera for training purposes . I need every recording to come out perfectly so that I amy critique the participants . The camera does everything it says it will do but it does not read discs well . Last week , of 3 participants in the room , the recordings failed twice . Bah , humbug Sony ! I ca n't afford to lose a recording when my clients are paying for the training.I 'm looking for another camera .
 I was looking for a paper cutter to trim digital photos from my new printer , and took the title of `` professional '' perhaps a bit too literally . The paper cutter came in a plastic case , and the construction of the item was about at that level . The cutter essentially pushes a rolling blade , somewhat like a pizza cutter , through whatever material you 're trying to cut against a hard rubber strip . The `` patented '' holder does n't hold pictures very well . What results is a curvy , poorly cut photo . In addition , the pictures would then stick to the rubber strip -LRB- which Carl 's website said was due to some kind of suction effect -RRB- , and would take a good tug to get off.After being thoroughly disappointed -LRB- it 's $ 29.95 plus about $ 10 shipping from Amazon/Adorama -RRB- , I asked my local art store what they used , and they showed me their 6 year-old German-made Dahle 507 Personal Trimmer , which with self-sharpening blades , was still cutting sharply and precisely after all these years . They apparently use it for all their small cutting needs in the store . I bought one for $ 50 after a bit more research , and have just finished retrimming all my photos so that they have straight edges -LRB- and it worked perfectly -RRB- . If what you 're looking for is a digital photo cutter , go for a Dahle or one of the better ones at Amazon . I 'd avoid this product . Personally , I 'd avoid the Carl brand , but have no personal knowledge of their higher end products .
 It works okay but I 'm not very happy with it . It does n't seem to cut very straight . I would spend the extra money and buy a better one .
 This trimmer has been out of square from day one ! The clear plastic cutting guide -LRB- along which the cutting tool runs -RRB- is not at a 90 degree angle to the grid or the top or bottom paper guides . A call to Carl 's customer service was an exercise in futility . The customer service rep insisted that the problem was due to a worn blade or worn mat strip , which should n't have been the case with a brand new trimmer -LRB- I had difficulty getting this point across -RRB- . Information about how to return the cutter to them could not be given over the phone ; it had to be mailed to me . And , despite the fact that their poor product has a `` lifetime warranty against manufacturing defects '' , I will be responsible for shipping charges BOTH ways . I guess Carl counts on not having to replace many trimmers this way.My daughter used this once and immediately noticed that it cut a trapezoid and not a square-that 's how out of square this thing is ! Every photo or piece of cardstock has to be recut and squared up by eye . My recommendation would be to look elsewhere for a better made trimmer . Or buy it with the knowledge that Carl will not stand behind their product if you end up with a lemon .
 The old rule of thumb holds true for this trimmer . It 's on the inexpensive side , and deservedly so . The rotary blade mechanism is mounted on a plastic bar that is not held firmly in place , therefore causing varying results.The value you find in this item depends on what you want to do with it . If you want something that cuts things for arts and crafts , and you are not finicky about how straight it is , then this item is for you.If you want to cut photo prints or artwork and require a true straight edge , you will be very disappointed with this item . I also own a Fiskars product which works much better for photos . Dahle makes nice trimmers as well . Both have securely mounted metal bars that the rotary mechanism is mounted to and therefore are much more accurate .
 If you are looking for a cutter for trimming close to an edge , look for something else.I bought this cutter thinking it is a precise cutter as I need to trim 1/16 '' from an edge of cards that I have -LRB- business card width -RRB- . The concept of this cutter is great but when trying to cut so close to the edge the blade moves away from the plastic ruler to the outside of the card ending up in un-even cuts to no cuts at all.I ended up using the plastic ruler/holder to hold down the card and a utility knife to cut the card . Eventually the utility knife will damage the plastic ruler which at that point I will need to throw away the cutter.I did n't give the cutter 1 star because the concept is very good , they just need to prevent the blade from moving to make it a 5 star product .
 Ok , it does what its supposed to do , but with extreme focus and effort . To `` lock '' your paper into place , you have to push on a piece of flimsy plastic that does not stay down evenly along the paper edge . So , with one hand , you push down in the front , and with the other hand at back with cutter in hand , you push the cutter down to cut and slide forward until your hands meet . It takes a LOT of pressure on the cutter for it to cleanly cut through 1 sheet of photo paper . Also , there are no printed directions on how to use it , except on the item itself . They are pretty minimal.In the end , I find it hard to use , and hard to get accurate straight cuts every time . Accuracy is probably 75 % . So , I have to redo 1 of every 4 cuts . If you are doing 2 or 4 photos a time , it can be frustrating . Maybe it gets better with practice , but I 'm not a big fan .
 Both my wife and I have this remote for our Delphi Roady 2 & Delphi Roady XT respectfully . We have the exact same problem with them . If it sits in the car on a hot summer day , it works fine . If I bring it in the house with my receiver to listen to XM inside - after a while , IT WILL NOT WORK ! USELESS !! Please do n't waste your money on this remote .
 I have had my roady for a couple of years and have noticed that when the weather is cold it does not work . I have to place it on my heat vent or sit on it to warm it up before it will work . Since it is even colder out now it takes almost my entire ride to work for the thing to warm up enough to work . It is n't a battery issue since I already bought new batteries to make sure it is n't the problem .
 I knew that buying an item for $ 1.45 was too good to be true ! I was so happy when I ordered my remote that I paid extra for faster shipping . So , today I receive my remote in the mail , it 's just a remote ! No battery , no clip nothing ! So I call the seller and wait approx 5mins + -LRB- just for this issue -RRB- . I tell you , if I had more options for radio I would be gone from this whole xm/Sirius `` family . `` I got a refund on the remote ...
 This item description is horrible ! After seeing how cute it was and the price , I was sold ! However , although the description states that this item plays cds/dvd ect . it DOES NOT state that you must have it hooked up to a television to hear/see them ! The description calls the cd tray a `` screen '' which it is not . I refuse to put a tv in my daughters bedroom , so this item was sent back . Please change the description to reflect that this requires a tv so others are not mislead too !!
 I wished I could give this zero stars ! I took a risk and ordered this DVD despite reading some bad reviews . I wish I would have taken those bad reviews more seriously ! After less than 2 months of using this DVD , it completely stopped working ! Ridiculous ! I had just started a video in it and it was off . I can not get it to turn on at all . It worked fine for the first month and a half , but not it 's a paperweight . Do not waste your money ! We even tried to contact Mattel concerning this and no response . My poor daughter is so upset that the DVD player Santa bought her is ruined !
 This piece of equipment came to me with something loose inside th player and stopped working on the fourth day i had it . The teturn policy says must be returned in same condition as received and i just didnt feel that they would believe it came to me broken after i had used it . However i will not shop with that company again
 I have had this DVD player for less then 30 days and I now have to return it . It will no longer read the disks and makes a clicking sound .
 This is the second one of these DVD players that we have ordered within only six months ! The first one just stopped working all together . Would not read a DVD at all . The second one arrived and the front will not stayed closed . In order to play a movie we have to tape it closed with a strong piece of packaging tape . The DVD player is not worth the hassle of having to return or exchange it through the mail . For the time being we will put up with the tape and buy a better quality DVD player when this one stops working .
 Not what i wanted , i wanted a portable dvd player for my granddaughter as a christmas gift . when i asked for a childrens , portable dvd player this is what appeared , so i ordered it.BIG disappointment she already has one that 's attached to her t.v. . i wanted something she could carry with her in her lap when riding in the car .
 this `` used '' dvd was not working but I recieved a speedy , full refund . . Although I was asked several times to remove my negative review which was kind of strainge bc reviews are for letting future consumers know they are purchasing ! -LRB- MY PREVIOUS REVIEW -RRB- '' `` disapointed in this dvd player . It makes so much noise when trying to play a dvd . Its also very bulky and kept turning off . you have to manualy open the player to change a dvd . I would not recomend this to anyone . It will be difficult for kids to figure out ! '' '' ''
 I never received this item . So I do n't know anything about it and instead of trying to order it again and run the risk of getting jacked again , I 'll just buy my daughter 's dvd player in the store .
 i have to keep duct tape next to it to tape the door closed when its time to play a movie .
 Got It for grandchildren for Christmas and my daughter Just told me that it do n't work at all . The DVD player is new
 i have been waiting for this item for over a month . it supposedly was lost in the mail and was reordered on the 17th of march and i still dont have it . i wont order from amazon ever again
 This one kind of ... . It has these rubberized protectors molded over the end clip levers that are very difficult to release when the cable is installed . I finally removed it and bought one at Staples which works great .
 nothing , doesnt works , ive been conectc , and nothing , no detected my iphone and ipod x , x , x , = : : : : :-LRB- i lost my money !
 I bought these thinking they would work for my 1st Gen iTouch or 5th gen Classic . Neither managed to get sound but my 5th gen iPod managed to show the menus on screen . This cable did n't exactly come cheap given what it does -LRB- or in my case does n't do -RRB- .
 This is not a real kenwood KCA-ip300V ipod cable . it is a knock off and will not work with your radio.i bought one it did not work i contacted kenwood and they said if it was a kenwood product it would say kenwood on the juction box and it does not.if you are looking for this cable contact kenwood for a kenwood dealer . This is what i did and it works great .
 Both ends of this cable are very loose ; to the point it was difficult to even plug the Toslink end in . I am sending this product back , as I consider a brand new optical cable with loose connectors to be defective . Optical cables are sensitive to physical damage , so it is unacceptable that the connectors are so loose . This puts undue stress on the fiber .
 I had this for about 5 weeks working fine before i moved . After i moved the cable no longer works and thus i hate it .
 I read the specifications and why buy it , when I went to use worked for the goal to buy it .
 Great idea , but does not work . Tried this cable with a LG 55LM7600 with no success . Returned for a refund .
 I got a very cheap , single fiber toslink cable . Which does not look even close to what is on the website . They have run out of this cable and are shipping a cheap one ! DO NOT BUY !
 The cable is great quality , however , it does not work for what I ordered it for . I need a female side where I can plug it into my Bose Noise Acoustic Canceling headphones . Also , the other end it does not fit into the Sony Bravia Optical digital slot .
 The cable does ` function ' however it required a lot of positioning / wiggling . The connector ends are loose in many devices .
 Cheap construction - connector end came apart in my hand first time I tried to use it - I was able to snap it together and make it work but the cable has a cheap feel . The tiny plastic cap is n't attached to the cable like most decent cables , and will be quickly lost . Buy a better cable .
 This may be a good charger , I have no way to know but it was of no use to me , I bought it with a camera and tripod ; it was listed as a recommended accessory . PROBLEM
 I purchased this unit about 10 months ago , and the unit worked superb for the first 9 months . Then the VCR went bananas and wo n't allow me to insert a VHS tape cause it ejects it automatically . The 1 year warranty only includes parts and no labor , so I do n't think it is even worth repairing . I will just use my old VCR that I have had for 11 years and works great.I wo n't buy Magnavox again . Never , ever .
 These are supposed to be a replacement for the iPAQR1950 stylus . Well , they are close , but not exact . They do not fit snug in the stylus channel . When the iPAQ is inverted , they fall out . Yes , it 's a stylus and yes it works , but it is a pain the the neck .
 I 've converted back to regular batteries - the rechargeables never seemed to keep a long charge and just became too frustrating never knowing if I was going to have my camera die in the middle of a tour .
 After 48hrs no charging , cells all cold . Printed out return and receivedrefund in about 10 days . Since then , I 've learned that you want a LOWdischarge rate for digital cameras . Get a 2100 mAh or thereabouts .
 After following instructions to the letter , I plugged in the unit to the outlet on the wall ; after a week , the green `` Charged '' light never came on .
 Rapid Charger is a little big to be travel portable in an age where carry on space is at a premium . However , the biggest problem is the batteries themselves started leaking within 6 months of purchase . This does n't create confidence in the product . i would n't buy it again .
 I bought these to use with my new camera . After charging the batteries they do n't last more than 15 minutes -LRB- fully charged -RRB- . I do n't understand why Amazon recommends the bundle . Stay away from this product !
 The first time I tried to use this charger it did not work . When I plugged it in the charging light did not come on . A friend who is an electrical engineer checked it out with his volt meter and verified that it did not work.I bought a new and different charger that does work . I kept the batteries from the first unit so now I have 8 rechargeable batteries.I did not try to return the bad unit yet as I went on a trip with my new camera .
 TWO OF FOUR BATTERIES WERE DEAD AT FIRST ATTEMOT TO CHARGE THEM . `` One Year Warranty '' requires $ 5 co-pay plus SHIPPING which makes the WARRANTY MORE EXPENSIVE THAN THE TWO WORTHLESS BATTERIES
 These batteries only charged one time after that they would not hold a charge -LRB- we found out at my sons graduation , I wish I had brought extra batteries . -RRB-
 I ordered this item Nov 16 , 2007 . On Nov 22 this item now shows on my ordering tracking page as not being delivered until after Dec 25 . No notice from Amazon .
 That 's what I thought when I read the review about the batteries not charging , where the charge light came on for about 15 minutes before turning off again and the batteries never charged . That 's almost exactly what happened to me , though . I say ` almost ' , because after the first time , the lights never came on again ... not the red light nor the green.To be honest , I expect it could have had something to do with using a voltage converter while in another country , but one would hope that the manufacturer had allowed for such bizarre occurences as one leaving the United States and wanting to charge batteries while abroad for more than a week.One upside of this is that I can still use the batteries themselves so long as I get them charged in another charger . In fact , these batteries have lasted longer on their first charge than the batteries that came with my camera . If I could give a separate review of the batteries , I 'd give them 5 stars , but the charger will remain the subject of any new invective I can dream up for the next few weeks . Buyer beware !
 On first usage , I noticed the next morning that only one pair of batteries showed a green light . I tested all four and it seemed like they were all charged , but the charge did n't hold when I tried to use them in my camera about a week later . Nimh batteries are supposed to keep their charge much longer . I got this at special pricing -LRB- around $ 6 or $ 7 -RRB- due to my camera purchase , so I did n't bother sending it back at any additional cost .
 The batteries are no good and the charger itself is crappy . Zero stars and I would recommend that you get a charger and rechargeable batteries but just not this one .
 Sounded like a good deal , bought it , did not charge batteries at all . Returned it for a replacement , second one did not work either . Maybe the batteries were no good , maybe the charger - who knows but ... do not buy it , go to RadioShack , their re-charger worked as promised .
 I bought this from Amazon for Christmas 2009 to accompany the digital camera I was giving my wife . The non-rechargable batteries we put in the camera lasted until April . Then , I plugged in the charger with the so-called rechargable batteries . When the light showed green , I unplugged the charger and batteries . The next day , I put the batteries in the camera which immediately reported `` battery exhausted '' . I feel like I wasted the money I spent .
 The charge light would not come on after second use.I tried the digipowersolutions web site listed on the package.Got a warning that it was a bad web site regarding privacy and vendor reliability.It 's so cheap it is n't worth shipping it back.Don ' t buy this piece of junk .
 I bought these for use in a camera . After a short time I went back to using alkaline batteries due to the short battery life.Pro 's
 I bought the product for my new Camera - Canon Powershot SX20 IS . It was advertised along side with the Camera in Amazon website . So I thought they are the right AA battery for my camera , which uses AA . When I used them in my camera the other day , the camera did not turn on . Then to my surprise , I found the rechargeable AA batteries that came with this product have 1.2 V votage instead of a standard AA battery , which has 1.5 V. I felt cheated , and do not know how to return the product to the vendor for a refund . Any one has any advice ?
 the charger looks and functions good but the batteries are dont seem to be 2700mh , even when they 're not used they lose charge . I am actually planning to return it.I used kodak 2000mh before and they used to last much longer.I have n't tried other model batteries so far so dont know if it 's the batteries or the charger . .
 The included batteries were already drained when I put them in my camera after charging them for 24 hours !
 I bought it , charged them , etc. . But they never worked . Not sure if it was the charger or the batteries , just returned them for a refund .
 When this showed up at my house , none of the lights would go on - and I followed directions perfectly . Not sure if it was just my luck or a sign that the quality is poor , but keep it in mind ! Sent it back and decided not to replace it . I have a feeling for the money I could get a rechargeable battery set of much higher quality -LRB- although the car charger is a plus -RRB- ... Good luck ! ~
 This battery charger is poorly constructed and -LRB- mine -RRB- does not work as advertised . It has a switch that will supposedly allow you to charge two or four batteries at a time but mine will only charge four . The two battery function does not work . The only reason I am keeping this is because of the car charging function which is why I am giving it two stars and not one .
 I purchased this 2 weeks ago . It does not work . I put the batteries in the charger . The red `` charging '' light came on for about 15 minutes , then it went off . The green `` fully charged '' light never came on . I installed the batteries in my digital camera -LRB- my camera takes 2 of the AA -RRB- . I took 4 pictures and the battery low indicator came on . I tried the batteries in my friend 's digital camera -LRB- different make and model -RRB- , same thing , with any/all of the batteries . I tried charging the batteries again , and again . Same thing every time -- charging light comes on for less than 20 minutes , then goes off , and the fully charged light never comes on . The batteries do not get anywhere near a full charge , and the batteries get very , very hot while in the charger . It appears to be of questionable quality . I will be returning it and asking for a refund . I do not recommend the product .
 I bought one of those kits bundled with my new Flip camcorder and the batteries do n't last more than 15 minutes -LRB- fully charged -RRB- . I do n't understand why Amazon recommends the bundle . My final opinion
 The construction of the charger allows it to lose connection with the batteries = no charge . It overcharged/heated the included batteries to over 140F - I could n't even handle them bare handed . It is , in my opinion , a piece of junk . I would not buy one of these ... I should 've listened to the other reviews .
 This may be a good charger but the deceptive representation of the product overshadowed everything else about it for me . There is a customer image that shows the charger with both a cover and an AC adapter . That is not a picture of this product . In fact , the exact same picture is used to represent the Digipower DPS-5000 1 Hour AA/AAA Rechargeable Battery Kit . How can the same exact picture be used to describe two different products ? Amazon should correct the obvious problem created when someone either knowingly or unknowingly uploads a photo that misrepresents a product . It would save the trouble of customers ' having to return the product and the cost of Amazon 's dealing with returned open packages -LRB- I could n't be sure of the lack of the above two items without opening the package -RRB- . I guess , if you know about the false photo and like the charger , it could get a higher rating . This review mainly is about the false `` packaging '' by Amazon . The features that the product was misrepresented as possessing -LRB- through the photo -RRB- were exactly those that I was looking for .
 The charger and/or batteries are obviously defective on the unit I received.The green `` charged '' light comes on even when there is no charge in thebatteries . Leaving the batteries in the charger for as long as a week seemsto make no difference - the batteries will charge up enough for about 3 shotsin my digital camera , and then - nothing . This seems to be a very hit-or-miss product , based on other reviews .
 I bought this one month ago , the charger stop charge the battery . It is not good charger . please do not buy it .
 The batteries it shipped with lost their ability to charge in about two charges . The charger itself is OK , but nothing special
 I wish I would have listened to the other reviews . I have had the exact same experience as all the other negative reviews . Charged the batteries , put them in my Kodak Zx1 and they lasted just a few seconds . Tried another pair , out of the four and same thing , lasted a few seconds . Popped in some regular old alkaline batteries , and lo and behold , they worked.It really surprises me that Amazon continues to sell this product . This is JUNK , JUNK , JUNK , just like all the reviews say . Do n't waste your money and time . I took a chance to save a buck , and got burned . Do n't do the same . Too bad I have to even give this product one star .
 Took the plunge to get these because I was ordering $ 370 camera and Amazon pitched this as a half price item if purchased in combination . Obviously I should have checked the reviews anyway . Put the batteries in the charger , they wo n't charge . Remove them , replace them , charger lights right up and eventually registers a full charge . Put them in the camera , it wo n't power up . Remove them and replace them and it powers on fine . Check them with a battery tester , 3 of 4 check fine , one shows no charge . Check it again a few seconds later , and it shows a full charge . THESE ARE UNRELIABLE JUNK.Pitching a bad product -LRB- and from the quantity of poor reviews this has been a poor product for some time -RRB- is a disappointment , from a retailer I WANT to be able to trust !
 We ordered this unit along with a new digital camera , and could not get the batteries to charge at all , so obviously it is useless . The unit is clearly not operating properly . I am in the process of attempting to contact their support department and will follow up more with what transpires , but am disappointed that this unit was not properly tested prior to shipping .
 What a total rip off ! Took three hours to fully charge the batteries and lasted only 35 minutes in my Canon Powershot SX20IS . Wasted a trip out to the Golden Gate bridge . Cheap drug store name brand Alkaline 's lasted far longer . It would be a great product if it delivered on the 3-hour use . Not recommended for anything other than a tv remote . BOOOO ! HISSSS ! BOOOO ! Rip off !
 bought as part of a package with a camera - batteries would not charge sufficiently to activate camera . Not worth headache of return - good reason to buy locally from brick and morter store at similar price
 Bought these for an RC car , after about 4 days 2 of them started leaking , Through all 4 out . Not worth the risk in my opinion .
 Just received it from Ritz Interactive yesterday . Was working fine when I connected it but this morning it conked out crashing my computer . Called Samsung support and they determined it 's faulty . Will ship me a new one but this does not diminish the frustration and time wasted .
 I purchased the Apple iBook G4 and was disappointed when I received it . The screen had a small crack in the upper right corner and would not turn on even when charged for over an hour . Betamacs supplied me with a prepaid return label immediatley and I have returned the computer and I am waiting for a refund .
 I purchased this laptop in March 2011 as a birthday present for my son and it stopped working in August 2011 . All of a sudden the screen stopped functioning . When I took the laptop to an apple store to get it diagnosed they advised it needed a new LCD and it would cost another couple hundred dollars . Betamacs will not do anything since it is past the 30 day warrenty period so in hindsight I should have put the $ 200 towards a new computer if I was going to wind up spending $ 500 anyway .
 i was very insecure about this computer.then i received it and it was not all I expected it to be . if you want a computer just buy a new one and you have factory garantee . they also took very long to give me back my money -
 Because I can not rewrite a review for Kelly , because she asked me to take the last one down , I will write the review here . I bought this computer in August and the hard drive has already died and the computer is completely unusable . I am very disappointed with Amazon for not letting me write a review on this seller , because people should know what sort of lousy , unreliable products she is selling . If I could give this 0 stars , I would ! So unhappy . What a waste of over $ 200 .
 i gave it on christmas as a gift it already broke 1/3/12 , child is now very unhappy and im out the money great way to do business
 First off , I will say the customer service was helpful when I had to return my ibook G4 the first time . I had the ibook for about a week and attempted to download my first CD to itunes and the CD got stuck . I returned it and they quickly repaired the CD drive and it 's worked fine since . About a week ago -LRB- i first received this ibook on 3/4/11 -RRB- , while surfing the web the computer screen will make a screeching sound and then freeze up . I also get the error message to restart the computer . I do , and it 'll freeze up again ... and again and again . Some times , it does n't even make it to the desktop and it 'll freeze up on me . Needless to say I 'm pretty frustrated at this point . I 'll be returning the ibook this week and hopefully they can fix or replace . I 'll updated this review accordingly .
 Decent computer , for the price . Unfortunately , during shipping , the ` T ' button ceased to function , so I pulled it out and pressed it with my finger and the button worked . Then , about a week after I got it , the whole thing shut down . Could n't get it to start up again -LRB- trust me , it had good battery -RRB- . Since it was so cheap , I just returned it and was refunded full price . -LRB- minus shipping , cheapskate -RRB- Do n't buy it , just do n't .
 I bought this drive last fall . Since then , it I have had to send it in for repairs TWICE . While still covered under warranty , it has been extremely inconvenient to send it in -LRB- and I have had to pay shipping costs out of my pocket each time -RRB- . I have no confidence that it will not break down again . I would not recommend that anyone purchase this drive .
 Have used the drive for 15 months with my Macitosh OS 9.1 . Everything was great until November when my computer did n't recognize the drive . Absolutely nothing had been changed on my system in at least 6 months -LRB- hardware or software -RRB- . After performing the usual diagnostic procedures and checking the original speedtools disc , I called tech help . They got right back to me with a program called Disk Warrior which corrected the directory errors which were the issue . Since November the drive has continued to be plagued with errors and troubles booting . At first their tech support was quite helpful but since 12/30/03 I have left two phone messages and sent four emails directly to the technician . No reply . Today 1/12/04 I finally got through to another technician . He suggested a reformat which would wipe the drive . I explaiined that if I can get the cobra drive to work at all I would have to copy all the files to zip disc . He said they could replace the drive but they are not set up for data recovery . Fortunately , I have the important files already backed up . So the TWO YEAR WARRANTY does cover the hardware -LRB- if they respond to your emails -RRB- but you 're out of luck if you need help recovering your data . My MACINTOSH HARD DRIVE and IOMEGA ZIP DRIVES have all been running flawlessly on the same desk for about 4 YEARS . So I never thought I would have to back up my back ups . My mistake .
 I am a graphic designer and I have used an EZQuest 18GB external FireWire drive for two years with no problems . I decided to upgrade to a larger drive to accomodate larger projects . I purchased this drive and followed all the formatting instructions to zero the drive and convert it to MacOS extended . The drive would freeze when I would try to open a file on it . I ran DiskWarrior and it would either freeze before it finished or give me an error message . I contacted Alsoft , which makes DiskWarrior and they said the error number I was getting indicated that the media was bad.I tried running Norton SystemWorks and it gave me more errors than I could list . Even after it ran successfully it would give me the same errors . I decided to contact EZQuest tech support . I detailed the efforts I had done to resolve the issue and they suggested that I send it in . I was contacted by two three different technicians who either did n't read the info I sent or did n't have access to it . They told me there was nothing wrong and what would they like me to do . I told them if they could format it and get DiskWarrior to run successfully I would take it back.I received it a week later with the same problems and none of the external `` on/off '' `` read/write '' lights worked . I sent it back to the place I bought for a full refund.NO MORE EZQUEST FOR ME ... my files are my livelihood and I ca n't afford to trust them to such an unreliable drive and support staff .
 I bought 2 2-mile radios a couple of years ago -LRB- cobra -RRB- but I decided to upgrade to these 6 mile radios.I got them at bestbuy and was excited when I got home and I tested the range . And found out that 1/2 mile away I got cut off and I was only going through trees half of the way ! And then I started looking at the directions to see how it works . And the menu for changing vox , privacy code , ring tone , etc. was the same menu that you changed the channel . So you have to go through all the menus so you can change the channel!After that I took them back and got some 6 mile Uniden 's -LRB- 8 mile with boost button -RRB- . They are the best ! It had a separate menu for the channel and went 3 times as far without pressing the boost button -LRB- I was testing it at the same place -RRB- ! Pressing the boost button , I got another mile going through a couple more trees.Conclusion
 This one kind of ... . It has these rubberized protectors molded over the end clip levers that are very difficult to release when the cable is installed . I finally removed it and bought one at Staples which works great .
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messagesare so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 Where is it ? I dunno ! Wow , thanks for taking my money and never sending me my magnets ! DO NOT BUY !
 Did not adhere to fridge around the edges so curled up and did look as nice as advertised . My son loves playing with them and learning who different family members are .
 I bought dozens of these frames , but noticed that my photos were turning yellow over time , even though in a sunless room . It turns out that these frames were poorly designed and the clear plastic in front of the photos turns amber and makes the photos look ugly . I had to throw them all out . They were expensive , what a waste .
 Save your money !! I bought this because I wanted a digital camera , but I did n't want to spend the big bucks . I thought it would be fine for what I wanted . The first group of pictures I took came out fuzzy when I downloaded them . I thought it was just my not knowing how to use the camera ... . not the case , the next times I used the camera and downloaded them I got the same thing.Another Feature -LRB- ? -RRB- is the auto shut off . I was on vacation and tried using it for pictures of action . I did n't want the continuous pictures so I used the regular point and shoot mode . When it got to a part that I was wanting to photograph the camera had shut off , causing me to have to go through the whole cycle of setting up the flash , pixels , and the amount of light etc. I will probably end up giving my 9 year old this camera and will buy myself a `` real '' digital camera .
 This is a truly extraordinary piece of junk.The first problem with the camera is that it does n't even clearly tells you which way to insert batteries.Then the pictures I took with this camera are the result of
 I also have the DSC 350 and thought the new 350f would be an improvement . It is not ! It has a flash unlike the 350 , but takes less pictures and picture quality is no better . It has also deleted pictures when jolted . It also eats batteries at much faster rate , even when never using flash .
 Tech Support - Horrible claims 24/7 yeah right !! Plugged in to USB - Device malfunction messageShould stop these people from ever producing these cameras
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messages are so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 1 . For an Ethernet device , the web interface is _ incredibly _ slow . We 're talking a good 10 seconds just to load up any configuration page .2 . Absolutely * HORRIBLE * CCD -LRB- the image sensor used to collect what 's shown -RRB- . For a device costing this much , I would expect a high-end CCD -- especially since it 's advertised as a `` security '' device . Adjusting the resolution made it worse -LRB- see below -RRB- . Bright lighting made no difference . I 've seen CCDs this bad used in old -LRB- pre-2001 -RRB- Logitech cameras ; they 're used solely for mass manufacturing -LRB- e.g. cheap -RRB- .3 . 640x480 shows signs of bad hardware dithering -- hundreds of white dots along the edges of things . Bright lighting , again , made no difference . Even 320x240 shows signs of dithering .4 . Java interface lags behind by a good 1-2 seconds . This forces you to use the ActiveX component -LRB- which is properly syncd -RRB- -- however , the ActiveX component requires you to upload an . OCX file to an EXTERNAL webserver -LRB- it 's not contained on the camera ! -RRB- .5 . This device can not get more than 15 , MAYBE 20 , frames a second . I can see how for a security device this would be a Very Bad Thing -LRB- tm -RRB- .6 . The latest firmware on D-Link 's website is 1.26 ; the camera I bought from Amazon claimed to be 1.27 . I find this mysteriously bothersome.Positives , on the other hand , include VERY easy setup , and an excellent base mount -LRB- made of steel -RRB- -- although it 's intended to be screw-mounted , not sit on a desk . It 's Ethernet connectivity is great though -LRB- why do n't more vendors use Ethernet !? -RRB- But , for a device that costs this much , I would expect a LOT better quality .
 Can not get the camera to upload to my web site on ATTBI .
 I 've purchased this camera despite all the negative comments I 've seen on the web and decided to use it as a monitoring device for our baby 's room . Installation was a breeze and could not have been easier -LRB- four stars for the setup of the system -RRB- . I was a bit confused that it would not receive the DNS information via DHCP -LRB- like all my other DHCP devices -RRB- , but this was a minor quirk.The killer is really the video quality . In my case high frame-rates were not a requirement , but high image quality was one . The DCS-1000W failed miserably . Compression artefacts -LRB- although it was set to lowest compression -RRB- , fringing in higher contrast areas , blow out pictures the moment it was a bit brighter in the room and dark frames the moment it was a bit darker in the room.I was in contact with D-Link support and when they looked at the images of the camera , they told me I had a broken device . After replacement I saw the same problem again and support this time said that I should change suppliers , because my current supplier probably had a `` bad batch of cameras '' . Support never asked where I got my cameras from . Decided to stay away from D-Link ...
 I bought this item from Acedepot at Amazon.com , and had a terrible experience :1 . The item received was not the item we ordered2 . Acedepot does not have all the items shown as `` In stock `` 3 . Poor Quality Control ... some items appear to be broken on origin , yet they 're sent out to customers4 . You 'll be forced to follow through closely in order to get them to refund you money backDealing with Acedepot was such a waste of time , I would never buy from them again .
 Amazon 's system has this listed as a 5 pack , but the vendor is selling singles . -LRB- I can not fault the vendor , as they offered a full refund and also offered to send me a shipping label so I would not have to pay the return shipping . -RRB- This must be a problem with Amazon 's system .
 Unknown brand was received , not C2G . There are no actual markings on the cable itself to indicate contents , however the cable is noticeably thinner than the real C2G cables purchased directly from Amazon on the same day.It is n't worth the effort to send back , nor use this mystery cable . And other than to say `` avoid choosing Amamax for your C2G purchases '' , its not worth writing another word for this review .
 Why is this listed as a Cables to Go product ? I have many Cables to Go cables and this is not one of their cables . There is no logo on the ends and it did not come in Cables to Go packaging . It came in a generic &#34; Made in China &#34; package . I am very disappointed in this product .
 I would advise against ordering Cat6 cables from Ucable . The cable I got had a generic boot on the end rather than the nice cover you see in the picture .
 The cables were received and not immediately used . A few weeks later , I unwrapped one and carefully inserted it into an Ethernet switch . The retaining clip on the RJ-45 connector immediately broke off . Now I have to be very careful not to pull on the cable as it will pull out of the Ethernet switch socket . Otherwise , it seems to be a fine cable ...
 Amazon rejected my previous review saying that my review is more towards the seller than the cable . So , I am simplifying by review . These cables sold by 1d4us are not Cables To Go brand cables . These are cheap brand cables .
 As I 've noticed others saying , the cables I received are not the cables shown or described in the title . They are just generic cables . Beware .
 Amazon Prime members avoid Smart digital , though from other reviews Amazon 's main site seems afflicted by the same curse.Received Cabletech Technology knockoffs -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- instead of `` snagless '' cap Cables To Go -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - note valued at $ 28.99 on the manufacturer 's site.Furthermore , the site above suggests these knockoffs may be labeled cat 6 but are afterall tested up to 100mhz and could therefore be cat5 in sheep 's clothing .
 Cables To Go 27140 Cat6 550 MHz Snagless Patch Cable , Blue -LRB- 1 Foot/3 foot -RRB- The tips stick in the ethernet port and the compression lever breaks when you press down on it to releasePoorly engineered - not precise enough with the tolerancesNew - Cables To Go Cat6 Patch Cable - J64309
 The cables are fine but the wrong color was sent . I ordered black and the order stated they were black but when I opened the box they were blue .
 I ordered what I thought were `` Cables To Go '' brand , but what I received was another type that I do not recognize . There 's nothing wrong with this particular cable ; it is just not what I ordered in the first place . Apples and oranges are not the same fruit , either .
 I 've had this cable for a little over a year now . I usually unplug the cable from the outlet and computer and store it in my desk by looping it to keep my office tidy . I suppose it 's a combination of the plugging and unplugging and looping that now usually leads me to having to jiggle the plug around so I can get a better connectivity . The cable still works but if I move or adjust my laptop , I lose connectivity . I suppose for the price , this cable is alright .
 Cables ordered from 1D4US are NOT Cables to Go cables , they are Cable Master cables.Cables to Go cables are 5 star cables , Cable Master cables are an unknown to me ... Currently using them , but prefer the peace of mind that comes with Cables to Go which is why I ordered these.Amazon needs to work on ensuring third party sellers are actually selling what they claim to be.Cable Master are a noticeably lower quality than Cables to Go . Hopefully they will serve me well , but I must give this 1 star because of the deception and incorrect received item . Price was too low to go through the effort of returning , which is most likely the goal of 1D4US .
 If you are specifically looking for Cables to Go brand cat 6 cables , look elsewhere . The cables I received from Marginmart are definitely not C2G , but they are cat 6 . Therefore , although disappointed -LRB- with Amazon especially for letting this happen repeatedly -RRB- , I wo n't be sending them back because after all they are just cables and they are getting the job done . Plus they were only like $ 4 dollars a piece which is why I give them 2 stars .
 The cables that I received from the vendor `` Ucable '' were not `` Cables To Go '' brand , and they were not the same at the cables pictured . While the cables may have similar specifications , I ordered `` Cables To Go 31342 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 5 Feet -RRB- '' , and that is what I expected to receive . This seems to be a regular problem with Marketplace vendors . Unfortunately , the Amazon Marketplace vendors are making Amazon.com look bad and turning my lengthy experience with Amazon into one that is starting to feel more like eBay .
 Item pictured and listed as a black cable , received blue . Item advertised as from cables to go , it is actually a generic cable . Item listed as a cat 6 cable , although not tested , cable connectors are not cat 6 !
 I read the reviews that many have written about these cables but I thought they were just kidding and may be a one off thing . But turns out if you do not order from Amazon or any trusted third party you are going to get a knockoff . The item that i received was not from Cables To Go and was not Cat 6 cable either . I ordered for 2 14 Feet -LRB- Black Snugless Cables -RRB- from Amamax . I think I am going to pay more attention to the obvious reviews and then decide about products like this.Dont know why Amazon does not have a control on stuff like this.I have asked for a return hopefully it goes smoothly .
 The cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem . After installing these in multiple locations , I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible.So if you use these , anticipate that it is a permanent installation .
 ordered two and they were not `` snagless '' , one is impossible to remove from my laptop ... I 'm a computer professional , and I 've not been able to detach the cable ... took it to the hardware support at work and they ca n't remove it and wo n't try harder because it might break the connector .
 Be aware ! You wo n't get a `` Cables To Go . '' It 's some non-branded cable.I was hoping , at least , it would work with gigabit speed , but iperf reported the same speed as my old Cat5 cable -LRB- under 100Mbps -RRB- with my gigabit router and Ethernets in my local network!And yes , since it 's not shipped by Amazon , you have to pay the return cost.Here is the seller -LRB- Amamax -RRB- explanation about this cable , `` The 100mhmps depends on your internet speed you pay for on a monthly basis '' `` item received was one of our 4 cat 6 ' branded cables which should be identical to the specs of a CTG maybe better with a thicker inner core of copper ''
 I thought I was ordering a cable from Cables To Go but what I received was a cable from Cable Master . There are no markings on the cable telling me that it is CAT6.If your going to buy this cable do not buy from Amamax .
 Do not buy this item , it is not as advertised . I was expecting a Cables to Go cable and received a Chinese piece of junk . It is the thinnest network cable I have ever seen .
 I got a 3ft cable in a 5ft bag so i went to wallieworld to get one i can use .
 Length :
 I ordered two 10 foot cables and only received one . Making this very expensive cable , and of course having to get another cable somewere else .
 I was not happy with the product.It is very supple and doenot snap in well needs to be pushed in and then its difficult to pull it out , feels like its going to break.I purchased 2 one was a foot another longer , they donot work for me.Cheaper is not good : -LRB-
 This cable does not click into ports . It is very loose and flimsy . Would not recommend to anyone . Do not buy .
 Received 2 12-foot cables rather than the 2 14-foot cables , which I ordered . Also , I have ordered these from Amazon before and I do n't think they are `` Cables To Go '' products that ShopCloseouts shipped . The have different snag protectors and are different looking cables , which are much rougher because the outer covering seems thinner which is causing bulges from the wiring inside . I have been ordering from Amazon since they opened in 1995 and this is one of the first times that I did not get what was described from Amazon -LRB- or an Amazon Marketplace seller -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 Although these MAY be fine quality , they ARE NOT what I was expecting to receive.They are advertised as `` Cables To Go '' -LRB- CTG -RRB- CAT 6 patch cables , and what I received is NOT a CTG product . They are `` Made in China '' -LRB- maybe CTG are too -RRB- , NO brand name on the package , and are definitely NOT in a CTG package , as I also ordered 5 foot cables at the same time , and those ARE in CTG bags.BEWARE that you may not get Cables To Go brand .
 The title pretty much says it all . The item I received was not a Cables to Go cable . It says Cabletech Technology on the outside . The cable has the plastic boot over the ends as described by some other buyers . It appears that the product was also either used or poorly stored as it had dust/dirt on it . `` Sold by
 After having read the specifications and looked at the pictures , the cables that I purchased were not the same as specified . This makes a HUGE difference when one is working on servers and does n't have the luxury of spending 5 minutes dealing with the stupid ` cup protector ' ends
 The cable they sent WAS NOT `` cables to go '' cable they advertised . It is some cheap generic branded `` cablemaster '' on package , but no marking at all on cable . Do not trust these guys !
 When I got this cable in the mail , it was not a Cables-to-Go cable , but a cheap generic . I 'm going to try it , but if it does n't work , I 'll be returning it . Avoid Cables N Wireless ; their price is low because they cheat you.Update
 I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible . I damaged my Router trying to get this junk out !
 these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff . although they do work they are cheaply made and am wondering for how long . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' but this is nothing less than false advertising .
 These cables do NOT have the protective clip cover shown in the picture . It was the whole reason I bought them over another type . The ends are tight to fit into the RJ-45 jack . I would NOT buy these again . The only two things I look for in a cable are flexibility and the cover on the ends , These are stiff cables with poor quality ends .
 The picture of the blue CAT6 cable is not the same as what was received . I specifically ordered this new cable due to the fact that I prefer the `` Snagless Protector '' . The items ordered is depicted as having this `` Snagless Protector '' yet arrived with the older , less user friendly style protector . This may seem trivial if all you 're looking for is a CAT6 patch cable . It works fine like that . I specifically color code my network and want it to look and function in a certain way in addition to performing well.Had I been sent what I thought I was ordering I would be thoroughly satisfied .
 Cables I got do n't sit properly in a jack . Takes a great deal of finessing to get them to connect properly . Works fine when it rests in there well , but if I 'm constantly doing this for a laptop , why bother ? They 're Cat6 so I did n't feel like going through the hassle of replacing . Had a similar experience with some BNC cables I got from them where the connectors were malformed and would n't fit the hardware at all .
 I have an unreliable connection with this cable . It drops my connection from time to time . So , it 's just sitting in a box , unused . Eventually , I will probably cut the cable ends off and put new connectors on . No , I would not intentionally buy this again .
 I ordered 3 cables and one was defective . It was n't obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . I did n't bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
 I had seen other reviews that this product was not a Cables To Go product , so I made sure I ordered directly from Amazon and not one of their other sellers . Boy , was I ticked when I received a CableTech cable in a bag with a `` Cables to Go '' label placed over the original label . It does not have the signature Cables To Go connectors/boots . I could have saved a couple bucks by ordering from one of the other sellers and gotten the same cable , or maybe even the correct cable . This cable may be just fine , but it was NOT what was advertised and what I paid for . Shame on Amazon!I had just ordered two 7 ft Cables To Go cables from Amazon and they are actual Cables To Go products . The quality is obviously better than this cable .
 I got 25 ' and 14 ' cables from two different vendors . The cables were stiff , connectors were stiff . After inspecting the cables , they were NOT made by Cables-To-Go . It would have been nice to know that the cables they were going to ship were not Cables-To-Go cables . Cables-To-Go cables are supple and easily unwound . These felt like coiled wire . The ones I ordered direct from Amazon were actually made by Cables-To-Go . The quality difference was obvious .
 I received the product this evening . No where on the package is a manufacturer listed . There is no mention of Cables to Go on the package . The Cables to Go that I have have the name Cables to Go printed on the cable . There is no manufacturer printed on the cable . There is a Made in China paper stick-on label on the package . I feel duped .
 Wish I read the reviews first , hope you do!These cables were shipped by MarginMart , Inc. and were NOT `` Cables To Go '' , they did not even have the same type of snagless feature as shown in the picture!I would return them all if I did n't need them ASAP , as it is I will probably return whatever I do n't use now.Given all that it probably is a suitable cable and shipping was fast .
 The picture is clearly a `` lime green '' or `` light green '' cable what you get is a ugly dark green . Beware This Is Not the product you will get , they really need to correct this picture .
 Ordered Cables to Go Brand Cat 6 550mhz . 14ft . Instead got cheap generics made in China . Cable is really thin , boot is totally different . Looks like it 'll break easy . overall cheap quality to them . So thin I 'd be Surprised this is actually Cat6 ?? . Have not even opened them , returning right away.Anyways not what I ordered Beware of seller AMAMAX.I will think twice before shopping with amazon again as well .
 Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Citi Electronics . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 Not the brand `` Cables to Go '' also Not as PicturedWas not snagfree type.This was from Seller CiTi.Other sellers are probably okay such as Amazon or TigerDirectIn which case if truly as pictured and truly `` Cables to Go `` Then a FIVE STAR would be fitting .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Looks like Citi is n't the only seller pulling a bait and switch . I just received my cable from MarginMart -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . It 's an Atlona cable , with a new UPC sticker slapped over the old one . The sticker says `` Cables To Go 27155 ... '' The cable I received has a standard snagless boot , not the nice CTG snagless boot in the picture . Really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description . Amazon should dump MarginMart as a seller . No mistake here . They are intentionally sending the wrong cable -LRB- evidenced by the new UPC sticker with `` Cables To Go '' printed on it -RRB- .
 The one star is not for the cables themselves , but for the misrepresentation.Let me preface this with , I 'm having a bad Amazon week ... I have ordered many of Cables-To-Go cables in the past . This is not one of them . At best I 'll call it a knock-off . Cables-To-Go cables are packaged in Cables-To-Go packaging & have a distinct look to them . They do have a similar end termination to them ; however they are not what they are described to be . Also , there was an original label on the packaging that was covered up by an Avery self-print label with the words Cables-To-Go on it . Under that label is the real label stamped made in China . Cables-To-Go are made in Ohio.I ordered two 14 ft. cables and one 25 ft. cable in this order NONE of them are Cables-To-Go brand . In fact the 25 ft. cable is a different brand all together -LRB- this one with no disguise packaging , but same overlay label -RRB- , and is not terminated the same way . It has the little cup shaped snag-less cover over the plug release which makes it very difficult to unplug the cable . Lastly , all three cables are rated 500MHz not 550MHz to boot.Now , you may be saying , wow this complaint is petty . And it is very possible that these are good cables . I see it as false advertisement ... I have had more issues with merchandise and Amazon customer service on this order -LRB- 20 item order -RRB- than I have ever had period . I drop thousands of dollars a year at Amazon and have always been treated well and got what I was promised 99 % of the time . I hope this is just Amazon having a bad day ... I feel everyone deserves a second chance , so I will readdress the issues with customer service and hope Amazon steps up and makes it right .
 Was shipped cheap generics china made instead real cables to go from AmamaxThis review is for Cables To Go 27153 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Amamax . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 These cat6 cables arrived exactly as pictured , but will only transfer at 10Mbps ... I am very disappointed ... I ordered from seller
 Apparently , I also got the knock-off cables that others have mentioned . I found that when I tried to disconnect the cable from my computer , the connector could not be disengaged from the jack whether the big rubber flap was in the way or not . I have n't had to shim an ethernet cable out of a jack in years . Cheap stuff here .
 Not Original cables to go , contacted 2 times by email and nothing.I know that some reviews that is just generic , but I will say that is worse than generic
 As with many other purchasers recently , these cables are not what the picture shows and are not Cables To Go . These are not snagless.I do no think these are Cat 6 cables either , since they boost only 100mbps . I switched out this cable with a Belkin I have 5e , and get 1.0 Gbps.These cables were cheap , so you get what you paid for.I hate getting third party merchandise through Amazon , there always seems to be an issue with quality .
 The outer insulation extremely thin and totally inadequate compared to most of the brands available in the market . I am not happy .
 Good price for the cable and well made . But it is so hard to unplug the cord from our router that we quit using it .
 I bought this as a second printer to print checks and it somehow used up the color ink even though I never printed in color . Now I cant print at all witout a new color cartridge .
 All in all I 'd have to say that this is an acceptable unit performance-wise , made unacceptable by one super noisy little internal fan . Believe me - when people complain about it from the next room it 's noisy ! If you can put up with the noise you 'll get acceptable and reliable performance .
 I had to send in the switch within 2 months because it stopped working . The replacement after a week started making a loud noise -LRB- the fan I think -RRB- which I was told was `` normal . '' Then one of the ports stopped working . So it is now on a shelf as my emergency replacement switch in case one of my new -LRB- 3-COM -RRB- switches stops working .
 This unit is what it claims to be and does what it claims to be able to do . I 've been using it to connect three computers to my DSL router for months now with no real problems . The reason I 'm replacing it , though , is that it 's just too loud . It 's got an internal fan that makes a constant whining noise that seems to be getting louder as it gets older -LRB- or maybe I 'm just going nuts -RRB- .
 I ordered and received this scanner from Amazon.com . It was received in good order , and I attempted to install it the day of receipt , without any success . I was then forced to call EPSON technical support for help . It took me 3 days and nearly 2 hours on the phone with these technicians and they were not able to resolve my problem . It turned out that I had a bad unit delivered to me . What made things worse is that EPSON refused to send me a new replacement scanner , they say it 's against there policy . They wanted me to bring it to one an EPSON repair centers , located two towns away . I figure , like most people , that if I buy a new scanner and never use it I should get a new replacement and not one requiring repair . With AMAZON 's return policy I have been able to get my money back for the scanner , but I 'm still out $ 35.18 in phone expenses trying to resolve my problems with this scanner . EPSON does not have an 800 phone number for technical support questions , and any expense incurred trying to rectify a problem with any EPSON product becomes yours expense . My advise to any one contemplating the purchase of an EPSON product , is to keep this in mind `` you may be paying for more than the item you are purchasing . Do n't buy EPSON !
 I read all the reviews and could n't wait for my access point and PC card to arrive . I consider myself a fairly techie person but I have n't dabbled in networking much . It took 5 hours and 2 phone calls to D-Link tech support to get this setup . The quick install directions for the card are pretty easy . Most of my problems were with D-Link 's wireless access point -LRB- DWL-5000AP -RRB- and how it interacted with D-Link 's router -LRB- I-604 -RRB- . But , I figured that once set up , who cares how long it took as long as the product works.Here 's where I had problems ... I could walk around my house and enjoy a very fast connection . Fifteen minutes to an hour later , the connection would drop . I could place my laptop next to the wireless access point and it could n't get a signal . I called D-Link again . The tech service guy finally came back with an answer
 When this product was delivered the sticker that was attached to the scratch guard would not come off and then the protective screen would not even stay on , I think it lasted a whole week and then it was junk . Not a good product to buy from this dealer . Very Disappointed !!
 I threw this in with a larger order I made because of the nice price of the protector . When I received the protector , I was pleased with the quality and the wipe it came with . There are not any instructions provided , but the installation seemed pretty straightforward . The screen itself is nice and robust . I wiped the screen , peeled the step one indicator tab , and lined the protector up with the screen . It does n't fit ! It is way too large for the screen . The screen on the PSP is inset slightly . This screen protector does not fit inside and the edges bump up to the outside of the screen making it impossible to fully seal . Horrible product and totally unuseable unless you want to try to cut and modify it!Don ' t waste your money
 the screen protectors too big , which makes the sides not seal . it 's heavy duty , but save your money and buy the Zagg protector . I have used those on 2 different phones , and they are nearly indestructible .
 Screen protectors are supposed to
 Would not recomend this at all . Sure its screen protector . But Whats the pooint haveing a screen protector that falls off ? Yes first this curls up on the side due to being TOO thick . And it bubbles like crazy . I have tried numerous tries to get this on perfect . . it just wont and will not happen
 First off , I think the protector is made of good quality . The instructions stated that the screen protector was made to be smaller than the PSP screen because they did not want the screen protector to lift up ... . totally understandable . When I installed this protector onto my PSP-3000 , it was easy to make the bubble-free . The only problem is that the protector was BIGGER than the screen . Therefore the sides of the protector were slightly on the body of the PSP . Since it was on the body of the PSP , the edges will lift up and the protector will fall off in a matter of time . I had to trim the protector ... . in doing so , dust and other items fell onto the adhesive side making it VERY difficult reapply it without bubbles . I am giving this product one star because of the fact that it was larger then the screen . I checked the protector on the psp screen before applying it and the -LRB- larger -RRB- difference was unnoticeable.Also , there was only one protector in the package -LRB- granted I knew this when I purchased the item -RRB- . They could have had 2-3 of them in the package so if the customer messes up , they have another to go to.I wished this screen protector actually fit my screen ... I would have given it 5 stars . I am currently attempting to contact the seller to see if they are willing to give a refund or a replacement . Updates will follow . ** UPDATE ** The company did contact me and requested to send me another one . The only problem is I never received it .
 what they dont tell you is that the psp has to be spot less cuz the smallest scratch it will make a huge bubble in that area , i bout 4 cuz i have 2 psp and i wanted 2 spare , and i ended up using all of them , i put gloves , even hold my breath while putting them and still 3 of them ended up ruined cuz only the smallest particle that touches the sticky area and its ruined , if u try to take it out , it creates a bigger mess , it comes with a cloth , if try to clean the screen with it , u end up with cloth particles that u dont see , but when u put the film you see them cuz they have a huge bubble around , any ways i ruined 3 and the last one i left it like that but now my psp looks horrible with all those bubbles , i believe in the malls there is a booth that sell a similar film that dont create bubbles , very popular for cell phones . oh , and not to mention it took forever to arrive home , i even forgot i ordered when i got it ...
 I messed mine up when I tried to put it on ... I did n't know witch one was the sticky side ... and i got lent on the sticky side by mistake . . now it 's ruin . .
 So I took out the product and it was in like a pamphlet thing that had Chinese instructions so no help there.Then it came with a sticker about 3/4 an inch long to supposedly to help you peel off the protector , that helped until i wanted to take off the sticker when i did it left a horrible residue that was impossible to take off so it was like a blot in the screen that will never go away so then with that aside i tried putting it on my psp but from the time i took it out of the package to put it on my psp there was already a lot of dust on it which made a whole bunch of tiny bubbles.Shipping : ***** -LRB- 5star -RRB- Product : * -LRB- 1star -RRB-
 I was really depressed when i got this . The description made it sound like you were getting three screen protecters when really you only get one . I still ca n't believe I paid 8 bucks for just one ! Yes the visuals are still good , but it 's realy TOO thin to keep the screen scratch free . I would n't buy it again .
 I purchased this item for my sons psp and what a dissappointment ! After waiting more then 2 weeks for it to arrive we finally got the item only to find it is a THIN PIECE OF CLINGON PLASTIC . The worst part is that when you attempt to put it on there are millions of tiny air bubbles for which they give you a small cardboard squeege THAT DOES NOT DO ANYTHING to get the bubbles out . The more you try to get the bubbles out and handle it the worse it gets . The item did not cost a lot and you do get a soft cleaner cloth with it so i dont feel too bad but my advice is to stay away from THIS JUNK .
 I bought this item refurbished and it arrived not working . I can not really say the product itself is bad , however , I purchased this particular model because my previous printer stopped working and I had recently replaced the ink cartridges which are very expensive . So now I have 2 of this model printer that do not work and lots of ink cartridges . I hope the supplier does the right thing and returns my money .
 I bought this because it was cheap , but did n't realize it would n't really work . First of all , the software is a resource hog . It causes my mouse to stutter randomly , apparently due to one or more memory resident programs it uses . I * never * had any sort of trouble with other NICs I borrowed and tested out.Lastly , if you are attempting to connect to a Wireless Access Point that has SSID disabled you will not be able to access it with this card . The software forces you to enter something for the SSID . The only WAPs this appears to work out of the box with are , of course , D-Link . The funny part is the support article on their website acknowledges this issue , but provides an `` answer '' that is directly contradictory to the problem.Buyer beware . I 'm returning mine tonight -LRB- minus 15 % stocking fee -RRB- : -LRB-
 I fell to the cheap temptation and bought this DWL-520 -LRB- rev e -RRB- PCI card . It took me a few minutes to discover : - it will not connect to a Wireless Access Point that does not use SSID . It forces you to use an SSID of your own and if you do n't it uses `` default '' which works fine with their hardware . This is completely moronic . Most WAPs/Routers offer a feature to turn off SSID and the designers of the software -LRB- card ? -RRB- should know this . - tech support is especially cheap . The support article on their website that addresses the above HUGE problem completely contradicts itself and proves they do n't know what is going on . - their software is big , cheap and caused my Windows 2000 system to stutter -LRB- erratic mouse movements ever few seconds , etc -RRB- . Last week I borrowed a friend 's Cisco 350 wireless card and had absolutely no problems.If you want a wireless card backed by quality hardware and software , expect to spend at least US$ 65 . I 'm taking mine back and spending twice as much on a Cisco 350 .
 I echo other complaints about the DWL520 . The connection is made with very good signal strength and quality . However , the device refuses to make any throughput . It would almost never successfully load a page . The irony is that I am using another Dlink product as the router . The 520 is a poor product .
 I made the mistake of buying a DWL-520 card and the DWL-514 router . Huge error . The card drops connections frequently and tech support has been unable to correct the problem . Check the internet -- I am far from the only one to have experienced this same problem . I am currently trying to get my money back . Run !
 The one I bought is all packaged ready to go back to the store . It was cheaper than the Linksys , and I had used D-link NIC 's before so I figured I would try it . Boy am I sorry . After 3-4 hours working on this thing I think I 'm in 1986 again.Problem 1
 Me , like many others have the problems with the Blue Screen of Death , and an NMI Parity error . It has nothing to do with memory or anything else . There is a problem with the driver which D-Link have done nothing to remedy . They have been continously confronted with the problem , but does not offer any solutions except for one that solves the problem on a particular Compaq model.This company does not deserve any customers . Please buy another WLAN card .
 The following answer on the D-Link tech support site says it all
 DO NOT , UNDER ANY CIRCUMSTANCES , PURCHASE THIS CARDI bought this NIC at CompUSA for $ 40 and thought it would make a nice , low cost wireless card . This thing was a nightmare from start to finish . The configuration utility that comes with it is totally counterintuitive . Nothing is where you think it would be . After installation , it detected my wireless network just fine . Steady 80-90 % signal strength with NINETY-FIVE PERCENT packet loss . The connection would be stable for two minutes at the most and then die . I tried different PCI slots , I tried different channels , I tried uninstalling and reinstalling the software ... nothing worked . I called D-Link support multiple times and spoke to a totally clueless `` technician '' each time . They offered such pearls as `` try a different router '' and `` try uninstalling your sound card '' . Please.There are plenty of other complaints online about this piece of junk . Do n't bother buying this card . It 's a complete joke .
 D-Link created a confusion out there in the market area , selling the wirelss adapters with diffrent chipset using the same name for them.The first models -LRB- version A and B -RRB- used to have Prism chipset from Intersil -LRB- which are supported by POSIX sistems -RRB- but now they changed thei chipset with other vendors like Realtek without changing the name of the product - that 's how I bought this thinking it is spported - unfortunaltelly it is not !
 The 520 + `` works '' ... for the most part . However , ithas a fundamental software bug that causes an NMI memoryparity error on shutdown causing your computer to freezewith a `` blue screen '' and error message . There is no wayout of the freeze unless you unplug the computer.For Compaq 's they have a workaround to their bug . You may ... may ... might be able to workaround their bug by diddling yoursystem BIOS -LRB- always a fun adventure unless you botch up a keystroke -RRB- . For HP -LRB- and possibly others -RRB- there is no workaround . You are stuck . Repeated emails to D-Link have yielded nothing , which says something about there customer `` service '' . Stay away from D-Link unless you like pulling the powerplug in and out on your computer . Poor , buggy software and NOcustomer service.Use and install at your own significant risk .
 Using this wirless network card dropped my internet download speed from 2700 Kbps to 1200 Kbps.That 's with link quality of 100 and only one other computer on the network with no applications running on either computer -LRB- aside from the one browser window required for the test -RRB- . Both computers had brand new DLink DWL-520 Wireless network cards operating into a new DLink DI-514 router.Following industry standards , DLink apparently mans their first echelon phones with technical illiterates who while capable of following a scripted check list , have n't a clue what 's causing your problem or how their sequence of steps might might solve it.So , after numerous calls , multiple case IDs , and never talking to the same person twice , I decided it was best to cut my losses and give up before they reconfigured my computer to the point where it would n't work at all.If you surf the web a lot or do internet gaming , stay clear of DLink products . Stick with a reputable name and save yourself the aggravation and wasted hours trying to make cheap junk like this work . The money you save is n't worth the headaches .
 I got this card for pretty cheap ... so I guess I should n't be too surprised about its quality , but I would really recommend going with something else . I had reservations about buying this card considering my relatively poor experience with another D-Link wireless card -LRB- for my laptop -RRB- , but I figured that range would n't be an issue this time because my computer was only going to be 20 feet away from the access point -LRB- I just did n't want to have the clutter of a cable running through the hallway -RRB- . It turns out that when this card works , it works all right , but sporadically -LRB- about 25 % of the total time on average for me -RRB- , it just stops sending or receiving . Obviously , this is very frustrating . I 'm not sure if it 's an issue with the drivers or the hardware itself , but either way , I 'd rather spend twice as much to get a card that works nearly 100 % of the time .
 I hade this printer for 4 years now . The first time my parents got it was working good for 3 Months . Then the paper started to get jammed and both color , black , and white ink cost my parents almost $ 50.00 . This is the worst printer I have ever had Im thinking of getting a laser printer now or something other printer that will last longer .
 I would advise against ordering Cat6 cables from Ucable . The cable I got had a generic boot on the end rather than the nice cover you see in the picture .
 The cables were received and not immediately used . A few weeks later , I unwrapped one and carefully inserted it into an Ethernet switch . The retaining clip on the RJ-45 connector immediately broke off . Now I have to be very careful not to pull on the cable as it will pull out of the Ethernet switch socket . Otherwise , it seems to be a fine cable ...
 Amazon rejected my previous review saying that my review is more towards the seller than the cable . So , I am simplifying by review . These cables sold by 1d4us are not Cables To Go brand cables . These are cheap brand cables .
 As I 've noticed others saying , the cables I received are not the cables shown or described in the title . They are just generic cables . Beware .
 Amazon Prime members avoid Smart digital , though from other reviews Amazon 's main site seems afflicted by the same curse.Received Cabletech Technology knockoffs -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- instead of `` snagless '' cap Cables To Go -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - note valued at $ 28.99 on the manufacturer 's site.Furthermore , the site above suggests these knockoffs may be labeled cat 6 but are afterall tested up to 100mhz and could therefore be cat5 in sheep 's clothing .
 Why is this listed as a Cables to Go product ? I have many Cables to Go cables and this is not one of their cables . There is no logo on the ends and it did not come in Cables to Go packaging . It came in a generic &#34; Made in China &#34; package . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Received 2 12-foot cables rather than the 2 14-foot cables , which I ordered . Also , I have ordered these from Amazon before and I do n't think they are `` Cables To Go '' products that ShopCloseouts shipped . The have different snag protectors and are different looking cables , which are much rougher because the outer covering seems thinner which is causing bulges from the wiring inside . I have been ordering from Amazon since they opened in 1995 and this is one of the first times that I did not get what was described from Amazon -LRB- or an Amazon Marketplace seller -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 Extremely difficult to remove from a device . It requires so much of an effort the it seems like it is going to damage the device it is attached to !
 Cables To Go 27140 Cat6 550 MHz Snagless Patch Cable , Blue -LRB- 1 Foot/3 foot -RRB- The tips stick in the ethernet port and the compression lever breaks when you press down on it to releasePoorly engineered - not precise enough with the tolerancesNew - Cables To Go Cat6 Patch Cable - J64309
 The outer insulation extremely thin and totally inadequate compared to most of the brands available in the market . I am not happy .
 Good price for the cable and well made . But it is so hard to unplug the cord from our router that we quit using it .
 The cable they sent WAS NOT `` cables to go '' cable they advertised . It is some cheap generic branded `` cablemaster '' on package , but no marking at all on cable . Do not trust these guys !
 When I got this cable in the mail , it was not a Cables-to-Go cable , but a cheap generic . I 'm going to try it , but if it does n't work , I 'll be returning it . Avoid Cables N Wireless ; their price is low because they cheat you.Update
 I got a 3ft cable in a 5ft bag so i went to wallieworld to get one i can use .
 Length :
 I ordered two 10 foot cables and only received one . Making this very expensive cable , and of course having to get another cable somewere else .
 Cables ordered from 1D4US are NOT Cables to Go cables , they are Cable Master cables.Cables to Go cables are 5 star cables , Cable Master cables are an unknown to me ... Currently using them , but prefer the peace of mind that comes with Cables to Go which is why I ordered these.Amazon needs to work on ensuring third party sellers are actually selling what they claim to be.Cable Master are a noticeably lower quality than Cables to Go . Hopefully they will serve me well , but I must give this 1 star because of the deception and incorrect received item . Price was too low to go through the effort of returning , which is most likely the goal of 1D4US .
 If you are specifically looking for Cables to Go brand cat 6 cables , look elsewhere . The cables I received from Marginmart are definitely not C2G , but they are cat 6 . Therefore , although disappointed -LRB- with Amazon especially for letting this happen repeatedly -RRB- , I wo n't be sending them back because after all they are just cables and they are getting the job done . Plus they were only like $ 4 dollars a piece which is why I give them 2 stars .
 The cables that I received from the vendor `` Ucable '' were not `` Cables To Go '' brand , and they were not the same at the cables pictured . While the cables may have similar specifications , I ordered `` Cables To Go 31342 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 5 Feet -RRB- '' , and that is what I expected to receive . This seems to be a regular problem with Marketplace vendors . Unfortunately , the Amazon Marketplace vendors are making Amazon.com look bad and turning my lengthy experience with Amazon into one that is starting to feel more like eBay .
 Item pictured and listed as a black cable , received blue . Item advertised as from cables to go , it is actually a generic cable . Item listed as a cat 6 cable , although not tested , cable connectors are not cat 6 !
 I read the reviews that many have written about these cables but I thought they were just kidding and may be a one off thing . But turns out if you do not order from Amazon or any trusted third party you are going to get a knockoff . The item that i received was not from Cables To Go and was not Cat 6 cable either . I ordered for 2 14 Feet -LRB- Black Snugless Cables -RRB- from Amamax . I think I am going to pay more attention to the obvious reviews and then decide about products like this.Dont know why Amazon does not have a control on stuff like this.I have asked for a return hopefully it goes smoothly .
 The cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem . After installing these in multiple locations , I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible.So if you use these , anticipate that it is a permanent installation .
 ordered two and they were not `` snagless '' , one is impossible to remove from my laptop ... I 'm a computer professional , and I 've not been able to detach the cable ... took it to the hardware support at work and they ca n't remove it and wo n't try harder because it might break the connector .
 Be aware ! You wo n't get a `` Cables To Go . '' It 's some non-branded cable.I was hoping , at least , it would work with gigabit speed , but iperf reported the same speed as my old Cat5 cable -LRB- under 100Mbps -RRB- with my gigabit router and Ethernets in my local network!And yes , since it 's not shipped by Amazon , you have to pay the return cost.Here is the seller -LRB- Amamax -RRB- explanation about this cable , `` The 100mhmps depends on your internet speed you pay for on a monthly basis '' `` item received was one of our 4 cat 6 ' branded cables which should be identical to the specs of a CTG maybe better with a thicker inner core of copper ''
 I thought I was ordering a cable from Cables To Go but what I received was a cable from Cable Master . There are no markings on the cable telling me that it is CAT6.If your going to buy this cable do not buy from Amamax .
 Do not buy this item , it is not as advertised . I was expecting a Cables to Go cable and received a Chinese piece of junk . It is the thinnest network cable I have ever seen .
 I received the product this evening . No where on the package is a manufacturer listed . There is no mention of Cables to Go on the package . The Cables to Go that I have have the name Cables to Go printed on the cable . There is no manufacturer printed on the cable . There is a Made in China paper stick-on label on the package . I feel duped .
 Unknown brand was received , not C2G . There are no actual markings on the cable itself to indicate contents , however the cable is noticeably thinner than the real C2G cables purchased directly from Amazon on the same day.It is n't worth the effort to send back , nor use this mystery cable . And other than to say `` avoid choosing Amamax for your C2G purchases '' , its not worth writing another word for this review .
 This cable does not click into ports . It is very loose and flimsy . Would not recommend to anyone . Do not buy .
 I was not happy with the product.It is very supple and doenot snap in well needs to be pushed in and then its difficult to pull it out , feels like its going to break.I purchased 2 one was a foot another longer , they donot work for me.Cheaper is not good : -LRB-
 The cables are fine but the wrong color was sent . I ordered black and the order stated they were black but when I opened the box they were blue .
 I ordered what I thought were `` Cables To Go '' brand , but what I received was another type that I do not recognize . There 's nothing wrong with this particular cable ; it is just not what I ordered in the first place . Apples and oranges are not the same fruit , either .
 I 've had this cable for a little over a year now . I usually unplug the cable from the outlet and computer and store it in my desk by looping it to keep my office tidy . I suppose it 's a combination of the plugging and unplugging and looping that now usually leads me to having to jiggle the plug around so I can get a better connectivity . The cable still works but if I move or adjust my laptop , I lose connectivity . I suppose for the price , this cable is alright .
 I got 25 ' and 14 ' cables from two different vendors . The cables were stiff , connectors were stiff . After inspecting the cables , they were NOT made by Cables-To-Go . It would have been nice to know that the cables they were going to ship were not Cables-To-Go cables . Cables-To-Go cables are supple and easily unwound . These felt like coiled wire . The ones I ordered direct from Amazon were actually made by Cables-To-Go . The quality difference was obvious .
 As with many other purchasers recently , these cables are not what the picture shows and are not Cables To Go . These are not snagless.I do no think these are Cat 6 cables either , since they boost only 100mbps . I switched out this cable with a Belkin I have 5e , and get 1.0 Gbps.These cables were cheap , so you get what you paid for.I hate getting third party merchandise through Amazon , there always seems to be an issue with quality .
 I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible . I damaged my Router trying to get this junk out !
 these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff . although they do work they are cheaply made and am wondering for how long . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' but this is nothing less than false advertising .
 These cables do NOT have the protective clip cover shown in the picture . It was the whole reason I bought them over another type . The ends are tight to fit into the RJ-45 jack . I would NOT buy these again . The only two things I look for in a cable are flexibility and the cover on the ends , These are stiff cables with poor quality ends .
 The picture of the blue CAT6 cable is not the same as what was received . I specifically ordered this new cable due to the fact that I prefer the `` Snagless Protector '' . The items ordered is depicted as having this `` Snagless Protector '' yet arrived with the older , less user friendly style protector . This may seem trivial if all you 're looking for is a CAT6 patch cable . It works fine like that . I specifically color code my network and want it to look and function in a certain way in addition to performing well.Had I been sent what I thought I was ordering I would be thoroughly satisfied .
 Cables I got do n't sit properly in a jack . Takes a great deal of finessing to get them to connect properly . Works fine when it rests in there well , but if I 'm constantly doing this for a laptop , why bother ? They 're Cat6 so I did n't feel like going through the hassle of replacing . Had a similar experience with some BNC cables I got from them where the connectors were malformed and would n't fit the hardware at all .
 I have an unreliable connection with this cable . It drops my connection from time to time . So , it 's just sitting in a box , unused . Eventually , I will probably cut the cable ends off and put new connectors on . No , I would not intentionally buy this again .
 I ordered 3 cables and one was defective . It was n't obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . I did n't bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
 I had seen other reviews that this product was not a Cables To Go product , so I made sure I ordered directly from Amazon and not one of their other sellers . Boy , was I ticked when I received a CableTech cable in a bag with a `` Cables to Go '' label placed over the original label . It does not have the signature Cables To Go connectors/boots . I could have saved a couple bucks by ordering from one of the other sellers and gotten the same cable , or maybe even the correct cable . This cable may be just fine , but it was NOT what was advertised and what I paid for . Shame on Amazon!I had just ordered two 7 ft Cables To Go cables from Amazon and they are actual Cables To Go products . The quality is obviously better than this cable .
 Although these MAY be fine quality , they ARE NOT what I was expecting to receive.They are advertised as `` Cables To Go '' -LRB- CTG -RRB- CAT 6 patch cables , and what I received is NOT a CTG product . They are `` Made in China '' -LRB- maybe CTG are too -RRB- , NO brand name on the package , and are definitely NOT in a CTG package , as I also ordered 5 foot cables at the same time , and those ARE in CTG bags.BEWARE that you may not get Cables To Go brand .
 The title pretty much says it all . The item I received was not a Cables to Go cable . It says Cabletech Technology on the outside . The cable has the plastic boot over the ends as described by some other buyers . It appears that the product was also either used or poorly stored as it had dust/dirt on it . `` Sold by
 After having read the specifications and looked at the pictures , the cables that I purchased were not the same as specified . This makes a HUGE difference when one is working on servers and does n't have the luxury of spending 5 minutes dealing with the stupid ` cup protector ' ends
 Wish I read the reviews first , hope you do!These cables were shipped by MarginMart , Inc. and were NOT `` Cables To Go '' , they did not even have the same type of snagless feature as shown in the picture!I would return them all if I did n't need them ASAP , as it is I will probably return whatever I do n't use now.Given all that it probably is a suitable cable and shipping was fast .
 Ordered Cables to Go Brand Cat 6 550mhz . 14ft . Instead got cheap generics made in China . Cable is really thin , boot is totally different . Looks like it 'll break easy . overall cheap quality to them . So thin I 'd be Surprised this is actually Cat6 ?? . Have not even opened them , returning right away.Anyways not what I ordered Beware of seller AMAMAX.I will think twice before shopping with amazon again as well .
 Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Citi Electronics . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 Not the brand `` Cables to Go '' also Not as PicturedWas not snagfree type.This was from Seller CiTi.Other sellers are probably okay such as Amazon or TigerDirectIn which case if truly as pictured and truly `` Cables to Go `` Then a FIVE STAR would be fitting .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Looks like Citi is n't the only seller pulling a bait and switch . I just received my cable from MarginMart -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . It 's an Atlona cable , with a new UPC sticker slapped over the old one . The sticker says `` Cables To Go 27155 ... '' The cable I received has a standard snagless boot , not the nice CTG snagless boot in the picture . Really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description . Amazon should dump MarginMart as a seller . No mistake here . They are intentionally sending the wrong cable -LRB- evidenced by the new UPC sticker with `` Cables To Go '' printed on it -RRB- .
 The one star is not for the cables themselves , but for the misrepresentation.Let me preface this with , I 'm having a bad Amazon week ... I have ordered many of Cables-To-Go cables in the past . This is not one of them . At best I 'll call it a knock-off . Cables-To-Go cables are packaged in Cables-To-Go packaging & have a distinct look to them . They do have a similar end termination to them ; however they are not what they are described to be . Also , there was an original label on the packaging that was covered up by an Avery self-print label with the words Cables-To-Go on it . Under that label is the real label stamped made in China . Cables-To-Go are made in Ohio.I ordered two 14 ft. cables and one 25 ft. cable in this order NONE of them are Cables-To-Go brand . In fact the 25 ft. cable is a different brand all together -LRB- this one with no disguise packaging , but same overlay label -RRB- , and is not terminated the same way . It has the little cup shaped snag-less cover over the plug release which makes it very difficult to unplug the cable . Lastly , all three cables are rated 500MHz not 550MHz to boot.Now , you may be saying , wow this complaint is petty . And it is very possible that these are good cables . I see it as false advertisement ... I have had more issues with merchandise and Amazon customer service on this order -LRB- 20 item order -RRB- than I have ever had period . I drop thousands of dollars a year at Amazon and have always been treated well and got what I was promised 99 % of the time . I hope this is just Amazon having a bad day ... I feel everyone deserves a second chance , so I will readdress the issues with customer service and hope Amazon steps up and makes it right .
 Was shipped cheap generics china made instead real cables to go from AmamaxThis review is for Cables To Go 27153 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Amamax . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 These cat6 cables arrived exactly as pictured , but will only transfer at 10Mbps ... I am very disappointed ... I ordered from seller
 Apparently , I also got the knock-off cables that others have mentioned . I found that when I tried to disconnect the cable from my computer , the connector could not be disengaged from the jack whether the big rubber flap was in the way or not . I have n't had to shim an ethernet cable out of a jack in years . Cheap stuff here .
 The picture is clearly a `` lime green '' or `` light green '' cable what you get is a ugly dark green . Beware This Is Not the product you will get , they really need to correct this picture .
 Not Original cables to go , contacted 2 times by email and nothing.I know that some reviews that is just generic , but I will say that is worse than generic
 I read all the reviews and could n't wait for my access point to arrive . I consider myself a fairly techie person but I have n't dabbled in networking much . It took 5 hours and 2 phone calls to D-Link tech support to get this setup . The quick install directions are horrible . They leave out many important steps , such as setting up the DNS server names . There are errors -LRB- you need a crossover cable , not straight through to communicate with the wireless point directly -RRB- . The manual is n't much better . But , I figured that once set up , who cares how long it took as long as the product works.Here 's where I had problems ... I could walk around my house and enjoy a very fast connection . Fifteen minutes to an hour later , the connection would drop . I could place my laptop next to the wireless access point and it could n't get a signal . I called D-Link again . The tech service guy finally came back with an answer
 This unit is not ready for Prime Time . It would constantly lose the connection to my next room -LRB- approx 20 feet -RRB- , and forget about going upstairs . Horrible range . Go with the LinkSys 2.4 Ghz .
 I bought my DWL-5000AP after reading nothing but positive reviews . Boy was I in surprise ! The problems were endless and after 4 short days , I sent it and the DWL-A650 PC-card back for a refund.The access point has no ethernet ports on the back but I knew that before I bought it . That still -LSB- stinks -RSB- though.Their is no printed documentation and the PDF documentation skims over all topics - there are no tutorials or examples . I tried but could n't get WEP to work . In fact , I hosed myself bad enough that I had to use the included serial cable and hyperterminal to go in through the command-line on the access point and clear out the WEP settings.The device had problem with the DHCP on my linksys BEFSR411 . Basically , the PC-card only successfully got a DHCP address 1 out of 10 tries so I ended up using a static address.The access point runs very hot.But the kicker - the reason I had to return it ... the range . I live in small apartment and was unable to maintain a connection across rooms . Worse yet - if I did lose my connection , it never was able to regain a connection without me rebooting my laptop . Even if I set the laptop right next to the AP , it could never reestablish a connection.Anyways , I know 802.11 b is rated for longer range but I had no idea that 802.11 a would be this bad .
 The box clearly states upto 900 ' -LRB- Environment factors may adversely affect range -RRB- My test indicate the unit works good when you are no more then 1 wall or floor removed from the access point . When I located the units any farther removed then that then I was unable to connect . Contidions had to be real good to obtain the higher network speeds listed . -- Mike
 I was in the market for a new message machine , since my 1990 AT&T tape machine broke . Sound quality , above all , was the most important quality for me . I scoured the web for something that would get the job done -- the Swatch seemed to fit the bill . Not so . I am appauled with the sound quality . It is very bad . Both the outgoing and incoming messages are muddy . Do n't confuse volume for clarity . The volume can reach high levels , which is nice . However , because the messagesare so muddy , it is very difficult to hear what is being said , despite playing it at a high volume . I ca n't believe that some company ca n't manufacture a DIGITAL answering machine that is high quality , and sounds as good , or better than a tape machine . I 'm willing to pay for one if it exists . Sadly , the Swatch is not that machine , and I CAN NOT recommend it to anyone .
 This printer/scanner/fax is dual-platform -LRB- PC/Mac -RRB- and has separate software programs to run it . This was given to me as a gift from friends to go with my new iMac . So far it has not failed to disappoint in every aspect
 I have owned this scanner for about a year . Its performance was decent but not what I would expect from a PC Mag Editors ' Choice . Photos were often disappointing , and negative scanning is mediocre . It does n't work at all any more . Why ? Because Epson has n't gotten around to supplying an XP driver , and I bought a great new XP computer in November 2001 . EVERY device I own -LRB- from printer to camera -RRB- readily worked with XP except this scanner . The Epson website has promised an XP driver for `` early 2002 '' since November 2001 ; it 's now February 2002 , and there is still no driver , and Epson does n't answer email . Do yourself a favor
 Lots of rave reviews about this by now obsolete item . I have it a couple of years , but still I ca n't escape the feeling that if you walk into a shop in Ireland and say , ` I 'll take that one , ' you 'll end up with a model that 's on the way out everywhere else.Nothing wrong with it as far as it goes
 This modem failed 6 times before I returned it to the maker for repair or replacement . It would go out and AT&T techs could not make it work . It would come back in without anyone doing anything . It was intermittent and the problem could not be solved . Since my very frustrating experience with this product I could never trust it again . I have another brand now and it is working much better than the DCM200 ever did . Unhappy in California .
 This modem needs extremely good ventilation to work properly . For it to work reliably , I actually had to attach a fan to it . If it gets hot at all it drops the connection and needs to be reset . It works fine when it is cool but I ca n't keep it cool enough for long enough periods of time .
 I purchased a dlink wireless router to share my internet with other computers . After five calls to dlink tech support they suggested I try a different brand router or different cable modem . So I purchased the linksys router , same problems . Must be this modem . Before trying to use the router I 've had good performance with the modem via ethernet . Tried to use the USB option once , could n't get it to work .
 I 've bought the MODEM last month , but now it 's already broken . when you power up , after 5 minutes the status lights -LRB- two green lights in the front -RRB- will gone and you can not make connection at all .
 Modem works o.k. Good luck luck getting your rebate though . They cheated me out of mine and the modem is not worth the non-rebate price .
 First of all the lights on this modem make very little sense and require you to refer to the manual to decode them . Secondly the manual is terribly unhelpful for trouble shooting . And lastly the modem must lay flat and has no feet for standing on edge like most other modems . I made a big mistake buying this one ... I should have stuck with the Surfboard I was renting .
 Ordered first modem and it appeared to be opened . Had ISP installer set it up and it failed to work . Had to rent ISP modem . Ordered second D-Link modem and it also failed to work . ...
 I think the product i recieved is a refurbished product . not a brand new product . it is opened from inside and nicely package with plastic from outside . there are some scratches on the modem . I am not happy or satisfy with it . however i have no time to return the product and i will bare with this .
 Hello Amazon community , I got this modem included in my cable deal , it performs ok , but I have not been able to make it work on Windows 98 SE with the USB port , which I somehow believe would work faster then the Ethernet port.I have tried everything at least twice , and still no USB .
 I had this modem for over 2 years and had only minor problems such as the need to reboot at least once a week to clear out errors from the buffer . Everything was working fine until last week when it suddenly stopped working . At first I thought it was service interruption so I spent several hours on the phone with my ISP only to figure out that my modem is a problem . The modem acted as if it could not get the signal . After reading some of the horror stories , here at Amazon , related to D-Link 's customer service I decided just to throw it away and buy new Motorola Surfboard . Although I do n't notice any speed difference with the surfboard , it takes much less time to boot up . Whereas with DCM 200 it took approx . 40 seconds to boot , with my new Motorola it takes no more than 10 seconds . I always thought that D-Link makes good , high quality products but this incident changed my mind . I wo n't buy another D-link .
 Purchased original modem from retailer -LRB- Best Buy -RRB- . After three months the modem stopped working . Contacted the company and was told by the D-Link Customer Service Rep. that I did n't buy the modem from the manufacturer so they do n't cover it . I finally convinced them that because they make the modem and it is their warranty , they do cover it . D-Link relinquished and sent me a refurbished modem that had screws rattling around the inside upon arrival -LRB- obviously it did n't work -RRB- . Called them back , convinced them to send me another modem . Third modem -LRB- another re-furb -RRB- arrived and also did not work . Tried to get them to stop sending me re-furbs because they do n't work . They refused to send me a NEW cable Modem.Tech Support will want to call you back because they never seem to be available . However , they expect you sit home all day and wait for their call so you can be by the modem when they do call . I personally never received a promised call from them . I had to call them and wait for a tech support rep to come to the phone . On all three modems THEIR -LRB- D-Link -RRB- Techies told me the modem was bad . After third inop modem and much complaining , I received a call from a district manager who told me he would send me a fourth modem in two weeks after they did a full warehouse inventory and he would personally test it at home to make sure it worked . That was six months ago , I guess he never found one that worked . So here I am , still no working modem from D-Link and have not heard a word from them.After the first modem stopped working , the cable service came out and verified it was a bad modem -LRB- cost
 Modem functioned fine for about 10 months ; eventually it required daily reboots until it completely failed -LRB- would not even attempt to sync w / cable company -RRB- . Tech Support / RMA process is poor , requires 2 different calls with almost non-english speaking reps. Replacement also failed and I wonder if they even replaced it or did a bad job of repairing it . In the meantime I have been using a Motorola that functions flawlessly . Please note that DLink has a POOR rating with the the Better Business Bureau . -LRB- www.bbb.org -RRB- .
 I give one star because you can not assign a `` zero '' star . We purchased the D-Link DCM 200 cable modem to replace the one we were renting -LRB- Toshiba PCX 2500 -RRB- and wanted to use it in a USB port . Well , the DCM was just the start of our woes . After several tries at installation -LRB- and literally several HOURS with tech support from our cable company -RRB- , we were told that we had to use an ethernet connection -- which we did not have.Finally , we installed an ethernet card -- only to have failure again . We contacted D-Link ; they have a one-year warranty , only they do not provide refunds . They ask that the consumer return the item , and fill out a `` cross-shipment agreement '' form and include our credit card number . This , I imagine , would ensure the customer would ship the defective merchandise as the replacement is being shipped out . Well , on the form , it states that all returned items are tested . If the item is deemed perfectly functional by D-Link , a 10 % restocking fee is assessed to the customer 's credit card ! You have to read this on their Web site to believe it ! How 's that for good faith in the customer ?! We once bought a coffee-maker and shipped it back -- the company -LRB- Mr. Coffee -RRB- sent us a NEW one ! If you want a company who will stand behind their products , DO NOT buy from D-Link !
 When I first got this modem it worked great , installed easy and had me connected at lightning speeds . After 6-8 months it started messing up . Had to keep restarting it every few weeks until it would `` sync '' now after 8-10 months it will only stay in sync for a few hours and it is only by pure luck that I get it to work . In fact I am writing this review after spending all day -LRB- 8 + hours -RRB- trying to get it working again . I lost the warranty information so I ca n't comment on that . But I do not recommend this modem as it does n't last very long .
 Out of the box , it did not work . I tried restarting it an additional three times as well . Do n't waste your time or money .
 Out of date product which means , most providers will not support this modem . Do more research before buying a new modem .
 It was n't one of those keyboard covers that completely fits around your keyboard where you can leave it on and type . I was looking for a keyboard cover that was like that . but the shipping was so expensive , it 's not worth returning .
 According to D-link 's website description of this product : The DWL-P100 Power Over Ethernet -LRB- POE -RRB- Adapters are accessory items designed to supply operational power to devices with an Ethernet port and power requirements that do not exceed 5 Volts/1 Amp . The DWL-P100 Adapters provide an ideal solution to mount a device such as an Access Point virtually anywhere in a building -LRB- ceilings , attics , or roofs -RRB- without the need to locate the wireless Access Point near an electrical outlet . The DWL-P100 consists of the Base Unit and the Terminal Unit connected by an Ethernet cable to extend the reach up to 328 feet . -LRB- Please refer to illustration below -RRB- The DWL-P100 supplies the AP with power via the single Ethernet Cat 5 cable . The DWL-P100 is primarily targeted at users looking for a convenient solution to extend the coverage of their wireless local network ... Its not a TRUE wirless solution
 These are not KVM cables . It is a set of a DVI-I cable , a USB cable , and a molded speaker/microphone audio cable . Not only is it a spaghetti nightmare , but cables get separated and lost . Had I not already invested in 4 Avocent cable sets , I 'd be buying theStarTech KVM ones , which are also cheaper .
 I guarantee you will regret buying this camera if you do so . I have had the camera since it first came out -LRB- about a year ago -RRB- . There are much fewer color options than other cameras produced at the same time and earlier than the F450 . In fact , you basically have your choice of color or black & white . Although the pictures look normal once you upload them to your computer , on the LCD display they will look like a reddish haze . That 's if you use the flash . Pictures are impossible to take without flash . They will be unusably blurry . Which means you will end up with red eye even when you 're in a brightly lit place where you would n't normally need to use the flash . Less than a month after I bought it , the camera began `` sticking '' . I turn it off and the zoom does n't retract . So I have to turn it on and off again to be able to safely put it away.This camera was a huge mistake - Fujifilm 's for making and selling it , and mine for buying it .
 Product was missing two items -LRB- picture cradle and hand strap -RRB- . A replacement was sent and the same two items were missing . Had to return both products because of the missing items .
 Cables To Go 27140 Cat6 550 MHz Snagless Patch Cable , Blue -LRB- 1 Foot/3 foot -RRB- The tips stick in the ethernet port and the compression lever breaks when you press down on it to releasePoorly engineered - not precise enough with the tolerancesNew - Cables To Go Cat6 Patch Cable - J64309
 Wish I read the reviews first , hope you do!These cables were shipped by MarginMart , Inc. and were NOT `` Cables To Go '' , they did not even have the same type of snagless feature as shown in the picture!I would return them all if I did n't need them ASAP , as it is I will probably return whatever I do n't use now.Given all that it probably is a suitable cable and shipping was fast .
 I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible . I damaged my Router trying to get this junk out !
 these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff . although they do work they are cheaply made and am wondering for how long . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' but this is nothing less than false advertising .
 These cables do NOT have the protective clip cover shown in the picture . It was the whole reason I bought them over another type . The ends are tight to fit into the RJ-45 jack . I would NOT buy these again . The only two things I look for in a cable are flexibility and the cover on the ends , These are stiff cables with poor quality ends .
 The picture of the blue CAT6 cable is not the same as what was received . I specifically ordered this new cable due to the fact that I prefer the `` Snagless Protector '' . The items ordered is depicted as having this `` Snagless Protector '' yet arrived with the older , less user friendly style protector . This may seem trivial if all you 're looking for is a CAT6 patch cable . It works fine like that . I specifically color code my network and want it to look and function in a certain way in addition to performing well.Had I been sent what I thought I was ordering I would be thoroughly satisfied .
 Cables I got do n't sit properly in a jack . Takes a great deal of finessing to get them to connect properly . Works fine when it rests in there well , but if I 'm constantly doing this for a laptop , why bother ? They 're Cat6 so I did n't feel like going through the hassle of replacing . Had a similar experience with some BNC cables I got from them where the connectors were malformed and would n't fit the hardware at all .
 I have an unreliable connection with this cable . It drops my connection from time to time . So , it 's just sitting in a box , unused . Eventually , I will probably cut the cable ends off and put new connectors on . No , I would not intentionally buy this again .
 I ordered 3 cables and one was defective . It was n't obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . I did n't bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
 I had seen other reviews that this product was not a Cables To Go product , so I made sure I ordered directly from Amazon and not one of their other sellers . Boy , was I ticked when I received a CableTech cable in a bag with a `` Cables to Go '' label placed over the original label . It does not have the signature Cables To Go connectors/boots . I could have saved a couple bucks by ordering from one of the other sellers and gotten the same cable , or maybe even the correct cable . This cable may be just fine , but it was NOT what was advertised and what I paid for . Shame on Amazon!I had just ordered two 7 ft Cables To Go cables from Amazon and they are actual Cables To Go products . The quality is obviously better than this cable .
 The cables were received and not immediately used . A few weeks later , I unwrapped one and carefully inserted it into an Ethernet switch . The retaining clip on the RJ-45 connector immediately broke off . Now I have to be very careful not to pull on the cable as it will pull out of the Ethernet switch socket . Otherwise , it seems to be a fine cable ...
 Although these MAY be fine quality , they ARE NOT what I was expecting to receive.They are advertised as `` Cables To Go '' -LRB- CTG -RRB- CAT 6 patch cables , and what I received is NOT a CTG product . They are `` Made in China '' -LRB- maybe CTG are too -RRB- , NO brand name on the package , and are definitely NOT in a CTG package , as I also ordered 5 foot cables at the same time , and those ARE in CTG bags.BEWARE that you may not get Cables To Go brand .
 Why is this listed as a Cables to Go product ? I have many Cables to Go cables and this is not one of their cables . There is no logo on the ends and it did not come in Cables to Go packaging . It came in a generic &#34; Made in China &#34; package . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Extremely difficult to remove from a device . It requires so much of an effort the it seems like it is going to damage the device it is attached to !
 The title pretty much says it all . The item I received was not a Cables to Go cable . It says Cabletech Technology on the outside . The cable has the plastic boot over the ends as described by some other buyers . It appears that the product was also either used or poorly stored as it had dust/dirt on it . `` Sold by
 After having read the specifications and looked at the pictures , the cables that I purchased were not the same as specified . This makes a HUGE difference when one is working on servers and does n't have the luxury of spending 5 minutes dealing with the stupid ` cup protector ' ends
 I was not happy with the product.It is very supple and doenot snap in well needs to be pushed in and then its difficult to pull it out , feels like its going to break.I purchased 2 one was a foot another longer , they donot work for me.Cheaper is not good : -LRB-
 Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Citi Electronics . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 Not the brand `` Cables to Go '' also Not as PicturedWas not snagfree type.This was from Seller CiTi.Other sellers are probably okay such as Amazon or TigerDirectIn which case if truly as pictured and truly `` Cables to Go `` Then a FIVE STAR would be fitting .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Looks like Citi is n't the only seller pulling a bait and switch . I just received my cable from MarginMart -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . It 's an Atlona cable , with a new UPC sticker slapped over the old one . The sticker says `` Cables To Go 27155 ... '' The cable I received has a standard snagless boot , not the nice CTG snagless boot in the picture . Really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description . Amazon should dump MarginMart as a seller . No mistake here . They are intentionally sending the wrong cable -LRB- evidenced by the new UPC sticker with `` Cables To Go '' printed on it -RRB- .
 The one star is not for the cables themselves , but for the misrepresentation.Let me preface this with , I 'm having a bad Amazon week ... I have ordered many of Cables-To-Go cables in the past . This is not one of them . At best I 'll call it a knock-off . Cables-To-Go cables are packaged in Cables-To-Go packaging & have a distinct look to them . They do have a similar end termination to them ; however they are not what they are described to be . Also , there was an original label on the packaging that was covered up by an Avery self-print label with the words Cables-To-Go on it . Under that label is the real label stamped made in China . Cables-To-Go are made in Ohio.I ordered two 14 ft. cables and one 25 ft. cable in this order NONE of them are Cables-To-Go brand . In fact the 25 ft. cable is a different brand all together -LRB- this one with no disguise packaging , but same overlay label -RRB- , and is not terminated the same way . It has the little cup shaped snag-less cover over the plug release which makes it very difficult to unplug the cable . Lastly , all three cables are rated 500MHz not 550MHz to boot.Now , you may be saying , wow this complaint is petty . And it is very possible that these are good cables . I see it as false advertisement ... I have had more issues with merchandise and Amazon customer service on this order -LRB- 20 item order -RRB- than I have ever had period . I drop thousands of dollars a year at Amazon and have always been treated well and got what I was promised 99 % of the time . I hope this is just Amazon having a bad day ... I feel everyone deserves a second chance , so I will readdress the issues with customer service and hope Amazon steps up and makes it right .
 Was shipped cheap generics china made instead real cables to go from AmamaxThis review is for Cables To Go 27153 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Amamax . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 These cat6 cables arrived exactly as pictured , but will only transfer at 10Mbps ... I am very disappointed ... I ordered from seller
 Apparently , I also got the knock-off cables that others have mentioned . I found that when I tried to disconnect the cable from my computer , the connector could not be disengaged from the jack whether the big rubber flap was in the way or not . I have n't had to shim an ethernet cable out of a jack in years . Cheap stuff here .
 This cable does not click into ports . It is very loose and flimsy . Would not recommend to anyone . Do not buy .
 The picture is clearly a `` lime green '' or `` light green '' cable what you get is a ugly dark green . Beware This Is Not the product you will get , they really need to correct this picture .
 The cables are fine but the wrong color was sent . I ordered black and the order stated they were black but when I opened the box they were blue .
 I ordered what I thought were `` Cables To Go '' brand , but what I received was another type that I do not recognize . There 's nothing wrong with this particular cable ; it is just not what I ordered in the first place . Apples and oranges are not the same fruit , either .
 I 've had this cable for a little over a year now . I usually unplug the cable from the outlet and computer and store it in my desk by looping it to keep my office tidy . I suppose it 's a combination of the plugging and unplugging and looping that now usually leads me to having to jiggle the plug around so I can get a better connectivity . The cable still works but if I move or adjust my laptop , I lose connectivity . I suppose for the price , this cable is alright .
 Length :
 I ordered two 10 foot cables and only received one . Making this very expensive cable , and of course having to get another cable somewere else .
 I received the product this evening . No where on the package is a manufacturer listed . There is no mention of Cables to Go on the package . The Cables to Go that I have have the name Cables to Go printed on the cable . There is no manufacturer printed on the cable . There is a Made in China paper stick-on label on the package . I feel duped .
 Unknown brand was received , not C2G . There are no actual markings on the cable itself to indicate contents , however the cable is noticeably thinner than the real C2G cables purchased directly from Amazon on the same day.It is n't worth the effort to send back , nor use this mystery cable . And other than to say `` avoid choosing Amamax for your C2G purchases '' , its not worth writing another word for this review .
 Received 2 12-foot cables rather than the 2 14-foot cables , which I ordered . Also , I have ordered these from Amazon before and I do n't think they are `` Cables To Go '' products that ShopCloseouts shipped . The have different snag protectors and are different looking cables , which are much rougher because the outer covering seems thinner which is causing bulges from the wiring inside . I have been ordering from Amazon since they opened in 1995 and this is one of the first times that I did not get what was described from Amazon -LRB- or an Amazon Marketplace seller -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 Amazon rejected my previous review saying that my review is more towards the seller than the cable . So , I am simplifying by review . These cables sold by 1d4us are not Cables To Go brand cables . These are cheap brand cables .
 As I 've noticed others saying , the cables I received are not the cables shown or described in the title . They are just generic cables . Beware .
 Amazon Prime members avoid Smart digital , though from other reviews Amazon 's main site seems afflicted by the same curse.Received Cabletech Technology knockoffs -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- instead of `` snagless '' cap Cables To Go -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - note valued at $ 28.99 on the manufacturer 's site.Furthermore , the site above suggests these knockoffs may be labeled cat 6 but are afterall tested up to 100mhz and could therefore be cat5 in sheep 's clothing .
 The cables that I received from the vendor `` Ucable '' were not `` Cables To Go '' brand , and they were not the same at the cables pictured . While the cables may have similar specifications , I ordered `` Cables To Go 31342 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 5 Feet -RRB- '' , and that is what I expected to receive . This seems to be a regular problem with Marketplace vendors . Unfortunately , the Amazon Marketplace vendors are making Amazon.com look bad and turning my lengthy experience with Amazon into one that is starting to feel more like eBay .
 Item pictured and listed as a black cable , received blue . Item advertised as from cables to go , it is actually a generic cable . Item listed as a cat 6 cable , although not tested , cable connectors are not cat 6 !
 I would advise against ordering Cat6 cables from Ucable . The cable I got had a generic boot on the end rather than the nice cover you see in the picture .
 The cable they sent WAS NOT `` cables to go '' cable they advertised . It is some cheap generic branded `` cablemaster '' on package , but no marking at all on cable . Do not trust these guys !
 When I got this cable in the mail , it was not a Cables-to-Go cable , but a cheap generic . I 'm going to try it , but if it does n't work , I 'll be returning it . Avoid Cables N Wireless ; their price is low because they cheat you.Update
 I got 25 ' and 14 ' cables from two different vendors . The cables were stiff , connectors were stiff . After inspecting the cables , they were NOT made by Cables-To-Go . It would have been nice to know that the cables they were going to ship were not Cables-To-Go cables . Cables-To-Go cables are supple and easily unwound . These felt like coiled wire . The ones I ordered direct from Amazon were actually made by Cables-To-Go . The quality difference was obvious .
 As with many other purchasers recently , these cables are not what the picture shows and are not Cables To Go . These are not snagless.I do no think these are Cat 6 cables either , since they boost only 100mbps . I switched out this cable with a Belkin I have 5e , and get 1.0 Gbps.These cables were cheap , so you get what you paid for.I hate getting third party merchandise through Amazon , there always seems to be an issue with quality .
 Not Original cables to go , contacted 2 times by email and nothing.I know that some reviews that is just generic , but I will say that is worse than generic
 The outer insulation extremely thin and totally inadequate compared to most of the brands available in the market . I am not happy .
 Good price for the cable and well made . But it is so hard to unplug the cord from our router that we quit using it .
 I got a 3ft cable in a 5ft bag so i went to wallieworld to get one i can use .
 I read the reviews that many have written about these cables but I thought they were just kidding and may be a one off thing . But turns out if you do not order from Amazon or any trusted third party you are going to get a knockoff . The item that i received was not from Cables To Go and was not Cat 6 cable either . I ordered for 2 14 Feet -LRB- Black Snugless Cables -RRB- from Amamax . I think I am going to pay more attention to the obvious reviews and then decide about products like this.Dont know why Amazon does not have a control on stuff like this.I have asked for a return hopefully it goes smoothly .
 The cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem . After installing these in multiple locations , I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible.So if you use these , anticipate that it is a permanent installation .
 ordered two and they were not `` snagless '' , one is impossible to remove from my laptop ... I 'm a computer professional , and I 've not been able to detach the cable ... took it to the hardware support at work and they ca n't remove it and wo n't try harder because it might break the connector .
 Be aware ! You wo n't get a `` Cables To Go . '' It 's some non-branded cable.I was hoping , at least , it would work with gigabit speed , but iperf reported the same speed as my old Cat5 cable -LRB- under 100Mbps -RRB- with my gigabit router and Ethernets in my local network!And yes , since it 's not shipped by Amazon , you have to pay the return cost.Here is the seller -LRB- Amamax -RRB- explanation about this cable , `` The 100mhmps depends on your internet speed you pay for on a monthly basis '' `` item received was one of our 4 cat 6 ' branded cables which should be identical to the specs of a CTG maybe better with a thicker inner core of copper ''
 I thought I was ordering a cable from Cables To Go but what I received was a cable from Cable Master . There are no markings on the cable telling me that it is CAT6.If your going to buy this cable do not buy from Amamax .
 Do not buy this item , it is not as advertised . I was expecting a Cables to Go cable and received a Chinese piece of junk . It is the thinnest network cable I have ever seen .
 Ordered Cables to Go Brand Cat 6 550mhz . 14ft . Instead got cheap generics made in China . Cable is really thin , boot is totally different . Looks like it 'll break easy . overall cheap quality to them . So thin I 'd be Surprised this is actually Cat6 ?? . Have not even opened them , returning right away.Anyways not what I ordered Beware of seller AMAMAX.I will think twice before shopping with amazon again as well .
 Cables ordered from 1D4US are NOT Cables to Go cables , they are Cable Master cables.Cables to Go cables are 5 star cables , Cable Master cables are an unknown to me ... Currently using them , but prefer the peace of mind that comes with Cables to Go which is why I ordered these.Amazon needs to work on ensuring third party sellers are actually selling what they claim to be.Cable Master are a noticeably lower quality than Cables to Go . Hopefully they will serve me well , but I must give this 1 star because of the deception and incorrect received item . Price was too low to go through the effort of returning , which is most likely the goal of 1D4US .
 If you are specifically looking for Cables to Go brand cat 6 cables , look elsewhere . The cables I received from Marginmart are definitely not C2G , but they are cat 6 . Therefore , although disappointed -LRB- with Amazon especially for letting this happen repeatedly -RRB- , I wo n't be sending them back because after all they are just cables and they are getting the job done . Plus they were only like $ 4 dollars a piece which is why I give them 2 stars .
 Hello , I purchased this charger from AQUAtech and they shipped it to me , but they sent the wrong one . So I tried to contact them to send it back and I had to wait for a week for a response . Finally they said to send it to the address they provided and they would issue a refund . I never received the refund , and I have tried several times to contact them with no response at all . Buyer beware , DONT BUY FROM AQUATECH ...
 The bag design is great . Holds my 17 in laptop great . Well designed , and sturdy . However the bag was a reject or second , and had a small tear on the bottom . Be sure to inspect carefully .
 I was so excited about this bag . The reviews , descriptions and photos were great and it is the correct size for my 17 '' computer . I was so dissapointed when it arrived . The material is so cheap . Yes , the design is very cute and the interior has great organization and room for everything . It 's really too bad that the faux crocodile looks like plastic and the lining is low-quaility fabric . This is such a cute design I would have paid more to have the same style and design in higher qaility materials . It does not look very professional or like something that a successful person would carry due to the cheap plastic looking exterior , so I am returning the bag . I think Mobile Edge should make the same bag , keep the dust bag -LRB- nice touch -RRB- and the interior organization with higher quaility materials and they would have a success . I am going to make sure the bag I get is another brand and leather after seeing this one . The great thing is that Amazon makes returns so simple , so at least that will be easy and I will continue to buy from Amazon in the future .
 I read the reviews in which some said this bag looked cheap . But there were some that said it looked nice and was perfect , and well , let 's face it -- when you 're shopping for a bag for a laptop that 's bigger than 15.4 '' , the pickins are slim . So I gave it a try.The faux leather LOOKS very faux . The microfiber inside was soft , but looked cheap and the color made it look even MORE tacky . SUCH a disappointment . If I had spent under $ 10 at Walmart for this , I * might * find it acceptable . But this bag is obviously considerably more than $ 10 , and given the price , is SO not worth it . I saw nicer bags in Target for around $ 20 , if only any of them FIT my laptop !! I agree with another person who commented -- if they had only made this as a patented leather faux croc and gotten rid of the Austin Powers-esque shag fiber on the inside , it would have been SO much more palatable . I 'd advise to stay away from this bag for the money they are charging.I have searched high and low for a replacement to this one I 'm returning , and after much frustration , am landing on yet another Mobile Edge bag , because they seem to have the widest array of 17 '' bags , and , their design seems to be good , and construction seems decent , even if the materials were disappointing in the last bag . I 've gone with the Madison microfiber Tote , which has real leather trim . I 'll report on that when it arrives!Also , FYI for anyone out there with one of those `` tween '' sized laptops like mine
 I bought this bag for my white Macbook . To start with it 's much bigger than the dimensions state . This bag would not fit under the seat in front of you on an airplane . Looking past that , the worst problem with the bag in the red faux-velvet interior . The dye rubs off on everything . All of my white cables , chargers and the exterior of my macbook are now stained with the red dye and are a permanent pink color . After reading more of the reviews I see that I am not the only customer with this issue . I wish I had read that before this bag destroyed my Macbook ! Hopefully this review will save someone elses .
 I 'm sure this product is fine . But do n't order it through Amazon , through Ritz Camera . They just cancelled my order without warning , having listed that the bag was available . Freaking idiots .
 The pictures are very deceiving , when it arrived it was nothing like the picture . It was very stiff and square looking . It also looked and felt very plastic . It was very disappointing and the disappointment was magnified even more by the amount of time it took to receive the bag . I was not very impressed with Beach Camera and there customer service was very disappointing when I called to ask about the return . I encountered a somewhat surly representative that basically demanded a reason for my return with a snotty attitude . I will not order from them again .
 I was so excited to get this bag , which I expected to be stylish and professional ... however , it just looked like a very plain and huge purse . It was high quality , and the interior was very nice . However , I would have been completely embarrassed to lug this monster around .
 The cable they sent WAS NOT `` cables to go '' cable they advertised . It is some cheap generic branded `` cablemaster '' on package , but no marking at all on cable . Do not trust these guys !
 When I got this cable in the mail , it was not a Cables-to-Go cable , but a cheap generic . I 'm going to try it , but if it does n't work , I 'll be returning it . Avoid Cables N Wireless ; their price is low because they cheat you.Update
 I got 25 ' and 14 ' cables from two different vendors . The cables were stiff , connectors were stiff . After inspecting the cables , they were NOT made by Cables-To-Go . It would have been nice to know that the cables they were going to ship were not Cables-To-Go cables . Cables-To-Go cables are supple and easily unwound . These felt like coiled wire . The ones I ordered direct from Amazon were actually made by Cables-To-Go . The quality difference was obvious .
 Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Citi Electronics . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 Not the brand `` Cables to Go '' also Not as PicturedWas not snagfree type.This was from Seller CiTi.Other sellers are probably okay such as Amazon or TigerDirectIn which case if truly as pictured and truly `` Cables to Go `` Then a FIVE STAR would be fitting .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Looks like Citi is n't the only seller pulling a bait and switch . I just received my cable from MarginMart -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . It 's an Atlona cable , with a new UPC sticker slapped over the old one . The sticker says `` Cables To Go 27155 ... '' The cable I received has a standard snagless boot , not the nice CTG snagless boot in the picture . Really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description . Amazon should dump MarginMart as a seller . No mistake here . They are intentionally sending the wrong cable -LRB- evidenced by the new UPC sticker with `` Cables To Go '' printed on it -RRB- .
 The one star is not for the cables themselves , but for the misrepresentation.Let me preface this with , I 'm having a bad Amazon week ... I have ordered many of Cables-To-Go cables in the past . This is not one of them . At best I 'll call it a knock-off . Cables-To-Go cables are packaged in Cables-To-Go packaging & have a distinct look to them . They do have a similar end termination to them ; however they are not what they are described to be . Also , there was an original label on the packaging that was covered up by an Avery self-print label with the words Cables-To-Go on it . Under that label is the real label stamped made in China . Cables-To-Go are made in Ohio.I ordered two 14 ft. cables and one 25 ft. cable in this order NONE of them are Cables-To-Go brand . In fact the 25 ft. cable is a different brand all together -LRB- this one with no disguise packaging , but same overlay label -RRB- , and is not terminated the same way . It has the little cup shaped snag-less cover over the plug release which makes it very difficult to unplug the cable . Lastly , all three cables are rated 500MHz not 550MHz to boot.Now , you may be saying , wow this complaint is petty . And it is very possible that these are good cables . I see it as false advertisement ... I have had more issues with merchandise and Amazon customer service on this order -LRB- 20 item order -RRB- than I have ever had period . I drop thousands of dollars a year at Amazon and have always been treated well and got what I was promised 99 % of the time . I hope this is just Amazon having a bad day ... I feel everyone deserves a second chance , so I will readdress the issues with customer service and hope Amazon steps up and makes it right .
 Was shipped cheap generics china made instead real cables to go from AmamaxThis review is for Cables To Go 27153 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Amamax . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 These cat6 cables arrived exactly as pictured , but will only transfer at 10Mbps ... I am very disappointed ... I ordered from seller
 Apparently , I also got the knock-off cables that others have mentioned . I found that when I tried to disconnect the cable from my computer , the connector could not be disengaged from the jack whether the big rubber flap was in the way or not . I have n't had to shim an ethernet cable out of a jack in years . Cheap stuff here .
 Ordered Cables to Go Brand Cat 6 550mhz . 14ft . Instead got cheap generics made in China . Cable is really thin , boot is totally different . Looks like it 'll break easy . overall cheap quality to them . So thin I 'd be Surprised this is actually Cat6 ?? . Have not even opened them , returning right away.Anyways not what I ordered Beware of seller AMAMAX.I will think twice before shopping with amazon again as well .
 I received the product this evening . No where on the package is a manufacturer listed . There is no mention of Cables to Go on the package . The Cables to Go that I have have the name Cables to Go printed on the cable . There is no manufacturer printed on the cable . There is a Made in China paper stick-on label on the package . I feel duped .
 Wish I read the reviews first , hope you do!These cables were shipped by MarginMart , Inc. and were NOT `` Cables To Go '' , they did not even have the same type of snagless feature as shown in the picture!I would return them all if I did n't need them ASAP , as it is I will probably return whatever I do n't use now.Given all that it probably is a suitable cable and shipping was fast .
 The picture is clearly a `` lime green '' or `` light green '' cable what you get is a ugly dark green . Beware This Is Not the product you will get , they really need to correct this picture .
 Not Original cables to go , contacted 2 times by email and nothing.I know that some reviews that is just generic , but I will say that is worse than generic
 As with many other purchasers recently , these cables are not what the picture shows and are not Cables To Go . These are not snagless.I do no think these are Cat 6 cables either , since they boost only 100mbps . I switched out this cable with a Belkin I have 5e , and get 1.0 Gbps.These cables were cheap , so you get what you paid for.I hate getting third party merchandise through Amazon , there always seems to be an issue with quality .
 The outer insulation extremely thin and totally inadequate compared to most of the brands available in the market . I am not happy .
 Good price for the cable and well made . But it is so hard to unplug the cord from our router that we quit using it .
 I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible . I damaged my Router trying to get this junk out !
 these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff . although they do work they are cheaply made and am wondering for how long . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' but this is nothing less than false advertising .
 These cables do NOT have the protective clip cover shown in the picture . It was the whole reason I bought them over another type . The ends are tight to fit into the RJ-45 jack . I would NOT buy these again . The only two things I look for in a cable are flexibility and the cover on the ends , These are stiff cables with poor quality ends .
 The picture of the blue CAT6 cable is not the same as what was received . I specifically ordered this new cable due to the fact that I prefer the `` Snagless Protector '' . The items ordered is depicted as having this `` Snagless Protector '' yet arrived with the older , less user friendly style protector . This may seem trivial if all you 're looking for is a CAT6 patch cable . It works fine like that . I specifically color code my network and want it to look and function in a certain way in addition to performing well.Had I been sent what I thought I was ordering I would be thoroughly satisfied .
 Cables I got do n't sit properly in a jack . Takes a great deal of finessing to get them to connect properly . Works fine when it rests in there well , but if I 'm constantly doing this for a laptop , why bother ? They 're Cat6 so I did n't feel like going through the hassle of replacing . Had a similar experience with some BNC cables I got from them where the connectors were malformed and would n't fit the hardware at all .
 I have an unreliable connection with this cable . It drops my connection from time to time . So , it 's just sitting in a box , unused . Eventually , I will probably cut the cable ends off and put new connectors on . No , I would not intentionally buy this again .
 I ordered 3 cables and one was defective . It was n't obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . I did n't bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
 I had seen other reviews that this product was not a Cables To Go product , so I made sure I ordered directly from Amazon and not one of their other sellers . Boy , was I ticked when I received a CableTech cable in a bag with a `` Cables to Go '' label placed over the original label . It does not have the signature Cables To Go connectors/boots . I could have saved a couple bucks by ordering from one of the other sellers and gotten the same cable , or maybe even the correct cable . This cable may be just fine , but it was NOT what was advertised and what I paid for . Shame on Amazon!I had just ordered two 7 ft Cables To Go cables from Amazon and they are actual Cables To Go products . The quality is obviously better than this cable .
 Although these MAY be fine quality , they ARE NOT what I was expecting to receive.They are advertised as `` Cables To Go '' -LRB- CTG -RRB- CAT 6 patch cables , and what I received is NOT a CTG product . They are `` Made in China '' -LRB- maybe CTG are too -RRB- , NO brand name on the package , and are definitely NOT in a CTG package , as I also ordered 5 foot cables at the same time , and those ARE in CTG bags.BEWARE that you may not get Cables To Go brand .
 The title pretty much says it all . The item I received was not a Cables to Go cable . It says Cabletech Technology on the outside . The cable has the plastic boot over the ends as described by some other buyers . It appears that the product was also either used or poorly stored as it had dust/dirt on it . `` Sold by
 After having read the specifications and looked at the pictures , the cables that I purchased were not the same as specified . This makes a HUGE difference when one is working on servers and does n't have the luxury of spending 5 minutes dealing with the stupid ` cup protector ' ends
 Why is this listed as a Cables to Go product ? I have many Cables to Go cables and this is not one of their cables . There is no logo on the ends and it did not come in Cables to Go packaging . It came in a generic &#34; Made in China &#34; package . I am very disappointed in this product .
 Unknown brand was received , not C2G . There are no actual markings on the cable itself to indicate contents , however the cable is noticeably thinner than the real C2G cables purchased directly from Amazon on the same day.It is n't worth the effort to send back , nor use this mystery cable . And other than to say `` avoid choosing Amamax for your C2G purchases '' , its not worth writing another word for this review .
 Cables To Go 27140 Cat6 550 MHz Snagless Patch Cable , Blue -LRB- 1 Foot/3 foot -RRB- The tips stick in the ethernet port and the compression lever breaks when you press down on it to releasePoorly engineered - not precise enough with the tolerancesNew - Cables To Go Cat6 Patch Cable - J64309
 I read the reviews that many have written about these cables but I thought they were just kidding and may be a one off thing . But turns out if you do not order from Amazon or any trusted third party you are going to get a knockoff . The item that i received was not from Cables To Go and was not Cat 6 cable either . I ordered for 2 14 Feet -LRB- Black Snugless Cables -RRB- from Amamax . I think I am going to pay more attention to the obvious reviews and then decide about products like this.Dont know why Amazon does not have a control on stuff like this.I have asked for a return hopefully it goes smoothly .
 The cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem . After installing these in multiple locations , I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible.So if you use these , anticipate that it is a permanent installation .
 ordered two and they were not `` snagless '' , one is impossible to remove from my laptop ... I 'm a computer professional , and I 've not been able to detach the cable ... took it to the hardware support at work and they ca n't remove it and wo n't try harder because it might break the connector .
 Be aware ! You wo n't get a `` Cables To Go . '' It 's some non-branded cable.I was hoping , at least , it would work with gigabit speed , but iperf reported the same speed as my old Cat5 cable -LRB- under 100Mbps -RRB- with my gigabit router and Ethernets in my local network!And yes , since it 's not shipped by Amazon , you have to pay the return cost.Here is the seller -LRB- Amamax -RRB- explanation about this cable , `` The 100mhmps depends on your internet speed you pay for on a monthly basis '' `` item received was one of our 4 cat 6 ' branded cables which should be identical to the specs of a CTG maybe better with a thicker inner core of copper ''
 I thought I was ordering a cable from Cables To Go but what I received was a cable from Cable Master . There are no markings on the cable telling me that it is CAT6.If your going to buy this cable do not buy from Amamax .
 Do not buy this item , it is not as advertised . I was expecting a Cables to Go cable and received a Chinese piece of junk . It is the thinnest network cable I have ever seen .
 Cables ordered from 1D4US are NOT Cables to Go cables , they are Cable Master cables.Cables to Go cables are 5 star cables , Cable Master cables are an unknown to me ... Currently using them , but prefer the peace of mind that comes with Cables to Go which is why I ordered these.Amazon needs to work on ensuring third party sellers are actually selling what they claim to be.Cable Master are a noticeably lower quality than Cables to Go . Hopefully they will serve me well , but I must give this 1 star because of the deception and incorrect received item . Price was too low to go through the effort of returning , which is most likely the goal of 1D4US .
 If you are specifically looking for Cables to Go brand cat 6 cables , look elsewhere . The cables I received from Marginmart are definitely not C2G , but they are cat 6 . Therefore , although disappointed -LRB- with Amazon especially for letting this happen repeatedly -RRB- , I wo n't be sending them back because after all they are just cables and they are getting the job done . Plus they were only like $ 4 dollars a piece which is why I give them 2 stars .
 The cables that I received from the vendor `` Ucable '' were not `` Cables To Go '' brand , and they were not the same at the cables pictured . While the cables may have similar specifications , I ordered `` Cables To Go 31342 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 5 Feet -RRB- '' , and that is what I expected to receive . This seems to be a regular problem with Marketplace vendors . Unfortunately , the Amazon Marketplace vendors are making Amazon.com look bad and turning my lengthy experience with Amazon into one that is starting to feel more like eBay .
 Item pictured and listed as a black cable , received blue . Item advertised as from cables to go , it is actually a generic cable . Item listed as a cat 6 cable , although not tested , cable connectors are not cat 6 !
 I ordered what I thought were `` Cables To Go '' brand , but what I received was another type that I do not recognize . There 's nothing wrong with this particular cable ; it is just not what I ordered in the first place . Apples and oranges are not the same fruit , either .
 I 've had this cable for a little over a year now . I usually unplug the cable from the outlet and computer and store it in my desk by looping it to keep my office tidy . I suppose it 's a combination of the plugging and unplugging and looping that now usually leads me to having to jiggle the plug around so I can get a better connectivity . The cable still works but if I move or adjust my laptop , I lose connectivity . I suppose for the price , this cable is alright .
 The cables are fine but the wrong color was sent . I ordered black and the order stated they were black but when I opened the box they were blue .
 Amazon rejected my previous review saying that my review is more towards the seller than the cable . So , I am simplifying by review . These cables sold by 1d4us are not Cables To Go brand cables . These are cheap brand cables .
 As I 've noticed others saying , the cables I received are not the cables shown or described in the title . They are just generic cables . Beware .
 Amazon Prime members avoid Smart digital , though from other reviews Amazon 's main site seems afflicted by the same curse.Received Cabletech Technology knockoffs -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- instead of `` snagless '' cap Cables To Go -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - note valued at $ 28.99 on the manufacturer 's site.Furthermore , the site above suggests these knockoffs may be labeled cat 6 but are afterall tested up to 100mhz and could therefore be cat5 in sheep 's clothing .
 I would advise against ordering Cat6 cables from Ucable . The cable I got had a generic boot on the end rather than the nice cover you see in the picture .
 The cables were received and not immediately used . A few weeks later , I unwrapped one and carefully inserted it into an Ethernet switch . The retaining clip on the RJ-45 connector immediately broke off . Now I have to be very careful not to pull on the cable as it will pull out of the Ethernet switch socket . Otherwise , it seems to be a fine cable ...
 I got a 3ft cable in a 5ft bag so i went to wallieworld to get one i can use .
 Length :
 I ordered two 10 foot cables and only received one . Making this very expensive cable , and of course having to get another cable somewere else .
 This cable does not click into ports . It is very loose and flimsy . Would not recommend to anyone . Do not buy .
 I was not happy with the product.It is very supple and doenot snap in well needs to be pushed in and then its difficult to pull it out , feels like its going to break.I purchased 2 one was a foot another longer , they donot work for me.Cheaper is not good : -LRB-
 Received 2 12-foot cables rather than the 2 14-foot cables , which I ordered . Also , I have ordered these from Amazon before and I do n't think they are `` Cables To Go '' products that ShopCloseouts shipped . The have different snag protectors and are different looking cables , which are much rougher because the outer covering seems thinner which is causing bulges from the wiring inside . I have been ordering from Amazon since they opened in 1995 and this is one of the first times that I did not get what was described from Amazon -LRB- or an Amazon Marketplace seller -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 What you do n't find out until you get the package is this holder is not waterproof . Really would have liked to have known that before I bought it.Edit 3/24/10I bought 2 other brands this week . Ca n't name them in reviews , but both are tough enough not to flex when pushed with your thumb , one could be stood on . Both have steel pins built into both the hinge and the clasp , and do not rely on plastic being bent over and over and over as a structural part . Both of them will stay not only floating in water , but held under water for 10-15 minutes with no leakage.Good luck to those that did not think my original review mentioning water proofing as being important . Please let us all know how much 4 CF cards are worth once they are water soaked . -LRB- And how the pictures came out ! -RRB-
 I knew this was somewhat large , but it is designed for something other than standard compact flash cards . Each slot could hold at least 4 cards , so the total is 16 or more .
 Do n't buy product like this before contacting your cable provider because US providers will not activate a box like this for your digital cable service . It would be fair if the seller warn customers about this problem . Canadian providers will accept third party boxes but not all of them are compatible with all cable providers . Call them and ask , better safe than sorry . Good Luck !
 In the description it said charter cable it does n't work with charter cable I have no idea why you would say it does if it does n't do n't know if it works good or not maybe some day I will have a compatible cable service ... very poor description
 You can not buy Comcast equipment . If you have a Comcast cable box ` for sale ' it was really not turned in and it will be labeled as stolen in their system and useless !!
 PROs1 -RRB- The quality is excellent .2 -RRB- Easy to functionCONs1 -RRB- It used batteries .2 -RRB- I have to press at least 2 seconds in order to snap a shot .3 -RRB- No shake control
 A terrible camera , gave me nothing but trouble since day 1 - and , of course , the warranty only applies in the US . Too many problems to list but most annoying is the unreliability . I lost several photo shoots due to it .
 Cons
 Well at first I loved it . . . now I think it a piece of crap . I 'm sick of it ... its been in the `` shop '' twice in a year both time fixed for free but its broke again and I 'm just going to look for another one . First time it broke it would TRY to take pictures but they would show up black on the screen , then it just DIED . Next time I had the hot/cold problem that 's been reported on earlier camera 's of this model . Mine is an older version , -LRB- bought feb 2006 on amazon ! -RRB- and I still have these problems . The problem I 'm having now is shadow 's or 3D effects taken on EVERY picture . With sun , with out sun , with flash , with out flash , in a light room , in a dark room , its a -LSB- ... -RSB- piece of junk . Look at other camera 's before you get this one .
 I 'm not one to write reviews and post in forums , but , if can stop one other person from making the same mistake I did.I have an old Cyber-shot that I bought used on eBay . It 's been a great camera , but mega-pixels change . So , I checked the reviews here and thought this camera looked pretty good . I was so wrong.We ended up buying 3 of these for Christmas gifts . Sad to say , all 3 took the same fuzzy , off color pictures . Even using a tripod you will get fuzzy pictures.My daughter traded up -LRB- we got stuck with this thing -RRB- to a DSC-W50 which looks the same but is amazing . It 's ranked 2nd of SONY cameras on Flickr . I only wished I had checked that list first . -LSB- ... -RSB- Really , I 'm a SONY fan , so this is hard for me to write . But please think twice on this one .
 i was swayed to buy this because of the price - and also knowing that the higher end sonys use a leica -LRB- or is it Z ? -RRB- lens ... well this one ai n't all that . Half of the pictures are very out of focus , exposure is almost always off except in `` perfect '' situations , and it is very slow . I just used it for 2 months while traveling and I definately would n't recommend it ; in fact i wish i could get a refund -- but it 's not broken , just bad quality .
 I bought this camera thinking it would exceed the performance of my sony DSC-P10 . The only one taht can do this is the DSC-V3 . All pictures taken with the DSC-S500 are blurry/low quality even at 6MP . The DSC-P10 is a much better camera even though it is much older than the S500 and even though they both have a Sony lens , not a Carl Zeiss . Do n't buy the S series . Since the P series and the V series are no longer available , go for the W series ; the W30 is cheap and very good .
 I have used Sony camcorder for sometime and loved it , so i was biased to buy Sony . I liked this camera mostly because of the price and brand . It takes good pictures outdoor in normal mode . The battery life is good and Sony recommends using rechargeable batteries , works ok . I also bought a 1GB card , got a nice deal on it . With a 1GB card , in excess of 300 photos can be taken.Good macro shots.Ease of use / no setting required.After about a month of usage , am not really happy with this .1 . It does n't have a timestamp feature , meaning when saving pictures to computer it does n't imprint the date/time . You can may find some tools to get after u download .2 . In the night mode/Slow flash mode the picture is ALWAYS blurred . The object being photograph has to be dead still , any slight movement and the photo will be blurred . I had similar features on other brands/Sony camera and use to like it a lot .3 . I could n't turn the flash off for taking pictures thru glass or of reflective objects -LRB- i did n't read the manual , this may be available -RRB- .4 . Not the best if you want to ` picture ' moving objects , kids or sports .5 . Is very basic camera , not many/any features at all.It works but I do n't like it . I would n't recommend it unless this is your very first digital camera and you just need a cheap/brand camera .
 I researched before I bought this camera and based on the features and value , as well as a recommendation and photos I saw from another owner of the Sony , I purchased this camera . I am very disappointed in the clarity , quality and consistency of the photos . I have set , reset parameters and even taken the camera back to the store where I purchased it to have them figure out why the pictures have sections that are fuzzy . No one can explain it . I do not even take pictures anymore because I know they wo n't live up to my expectations of resolution , clarity or depth of field . I previously owned a Canon with less pixels and lost it , and replaced it with this one , which does not come near to the quality of the Canon . This one is going in the trash .
 I loved the camera when i got it in the mail and everything was great . The camera is very easy to use but dosent have anything fancy that you can play with . Also after a while the lid where you open it to put your batteries a piece from the lid broke off , so now even if the betteries are charged i have to sometimes hold the lid myself because it dosent close all the way and the battery dosent reach the camwera the whole way . My friend has the same camera and a piece of her lid broke off too . Soits a good camera only for a while .
 My wife and I each got new point and shoot camaras in the last 6-8 months.No comparison - her Canon Elph -LRB- I think SD600 -RRB- has yet to take a bad picture ... my Sony on the other hand will only take a halfway decent picture in FULL daylight but is still blurry and absolutely forget taking an indoor picture . I 'm now carrying the Sony fishing with me , and actually HOPING to drop it in the water so I can justify the second Canon Elph I just ordered ... Hope this little comparison helps someone else avoid the Sony letdown .
 Skip this camera and focus on a different manufacturer . We bought this camera as a Christmas present , and less than 4 weeks after it was opened , the camera was broken -LRB- the lense was stuck -RRB- . We were informed by Sony that since they did n't have any parts for the camera , we had to either take a refund , or a refurbished model . Even though we bought a new camera , we now have to accept a refurb since you ca n't even buy this camera for the same price anymore .
 Unable to transfer photos from internal memory to Win7 machine . Windows will not recognize the camera 's internal memory . Sony 's support staff admits this camera does n't work with Win7 .
 Do n't waste your time with this camera or any other Sony products , they do n't stand behind thier products and will give you a bunch of excuses on why they wo n't fix it .
 I had great hopes for this camera . Great price and pretty good reviews , but I ended up returning it . I have an older -LRB- bigger , bulkier -RRB- Sony digital camera -LRB- DSC-S85 , 4.0 Megapixels -RRB- , and I assumed this camera would incorporate the great quality pictures , but not all the features as the older model . In the end I did not like the quality of the pictures or video . I took the same shots with my old camera and the S500 and the quality was just not there . I read the less-than-helpful user guide many times to make sure I was not missing something , but to no avail . The older camera does have the Carl Zeiss lens and this one does not , so that may be part of the issue.I use the video capability on my old camera quite a bit . -LRB- We live in a different part of the country than the rest of my family and it 's great for sharing little video clips of the kids . -RRB- The sound quality on this camera is totally unacceptable -LRB- lots of static -RRB- , as another review here on Amazon.com pointed out.After buying a memory card and the rechargable batteries , you might be better off moving up to the next price point in cameras . I have not made a decion on what I 'll buy , but I like the quality of the images and video my mother-in-law 's Cannon PowerShot produces ...
 I owned a Sony DSC S-40 Digital Camera , which I bought at the begining of 2006 , around $ 150 . I am very satisfied with it
 I bought this item 7 months ago.It came with good condition but I hate the camera . Pictures are n't clear.The pictures taken with this camera are low quality and blurry . I wish I returned it . Do n't waste your money with this camera.-Huri
 Item does not have a long life battery . Batteries need to be purchased ona regular basis . Also does not have a charger .
 I am very unhappy with my purchase of this camera . 40 % of my pictures turn out blurry . I am not a professional photographer , but take lots of pictures and have never had a problem with previous Sony camaras.Do not buy this model .
 This camera was purchased for my mother for Christmas last year , it 's been about 10 months and we 've had nothing but trouble from the start.Most pictures come out blurry no matter how still the photographer was ! After a couple of days or so we started having trouble with uploading the pictures and then deleting them off the camera . Then we started recieving a ` file error ' message and pictures started disappearing when they had n't been deleted . Also alot of pictures would upload but then would not be available to access , happened repeatedly and on different computers . My mom is n't one to complain she liked the big screen , easy to use , and small size of the camera.The final straw was when we uploaded pictures of an important event and they looked double exposed from pictures we took afterwards . The pictures also would not upload in the order they were taken , they became jumbled in the upload . Awful camera , we should have gone with my first choice , cannon . I have a cannon and LOVE IT ! Do n't buy this camera !
 When I first got this bag , I was so excited to use it . It has a good amount of padding on the inside and the bag itself feels durable.I purchased this on 8/13 and my zipper liners already broke . I can no longer use the zippers and they fell off track . I may have gotten a defective one but I would expect a bag at this price would n't fall apart in just a month . I hope customer service is good about this .
 Not the best speaker bracket ... I would not purchase again . Currently looking for a replacement
 I purchased the ink for my canon S900 . The ink does not work printing pictures . I called Abacus and they sent me new ink without question and very quickly . The ink still is not working and I am still trying to figure out the problem with abacus . Testing is very expensive because I have to keep using the paper to test .
 I do n't use my printer a whole lot maybe a few times a month . The ink in these cartridges dries up quickly . Every time I turn my printer back on , I have to replace a cartridge that has dried up . The quality of the print is decent though .
 Like all compatible cartridges I have tried these are another disappointment . Canon is notorious for the short life span of their inkjet cartridges , but their cartridges do not mess up your printer , leak ink , or disappoint when you want to print a color photo .
 The Pocketec HD does as advertised and works well -- if you do n't need to travel . I 've had my hard drive for about 6 months and it has completely stopped working . When it was work , I had good transfer speeds -LRB- USB 2.0 -RRB- and it was USB powered , which is why I had gotten rid of my old portable hard drive . This one might have been okay if I kept it in a case that provided more cushion than what comes with the unit , but I 'll never know now . So if you just need a stationary portable HD -LRB- maybe to transfer between different systems in your home or office -RRB- , then this is probably perfect . If , like me , you are on the road at least 1-2 weeks a month , you 'll want a more robust hard drive that wo n't crash on you .
 Three have now failed - two of mine - and another that I recommended to a neighbor . I only started buying these within the last two years - so my conclusion is to never buy this product line again and to look more carefully for reviews abut reliability .
 i 've gone through 2 of the 80 gb hard drives within a span of a month . the first harddrive would n't mount properly and the second one started out fine but then completely crashed . it 's not very reliable or robust at all . if you do n't ever need to travel and do n't need to move the harddrive it 's fine . but it just crashes too often and it 's not recoverable .
 I was looking foreward to getting this product , though a few of my friends told me not to buy it . Now I wish I had listened to them , because after backing up all my files , and many new files that I do n't have any where else , the damn thing just stopped working . the light turns on , but there is no sound and none of my computers can recognize it . I have lost all my files !!!!
 I have had nothing but problems with Vaio laptops . The DVD can not read half the discs that I put in it . The audio does n't work . There are all kinds of preinstalled programs on here that i ca n't uninstall . To boot , the customer service is terrible . I never had these problem by IBM .
 Their phone number is busy 24/7 , they never billed for an order I made and they never answer their emails -LRB- I have sent many -RRB- .
 Tiger direct does not actually have this in stock . They will send you a 50 ' cable for the same price and expect you to be happy
 This is basically a nice dock but would not work with a 4th generation iPod . It seems there are a bunch of older docks on the market that wo n't work with newer iPods - we are going to try a different one after much research .
 If you want 1980s style ghetto blaster sound then get these.I got these because the reviews were good but man do they suck ! Seems like they got the Ohm 's wrong or something . Basically you ca n't hear the tweeters ! As if the tweets are at 32 ohms -LRB- headphone -RRB- and the drivers are at 8 Ohms . I put these side to side with my Yamaha NS-AW150BL speakers and it 's night and day . Get the Yamaha 's ! The Yamaha tweeters are crisp and clean and the Pyle 's , well I ca n't hear them . The Pyles frequency range is just the muddy mid range that bothers most people ears . I thought maybe Outdoors they would fill better but it 's just not the case.I have probably 10 different sets of speakers -LRB- being I have a pro recording studio , home theater , car stereos -RRB- and these are n't even close to my worst other set of speakers . If they paralleled 1 or 2 more tweeters into the enclosure it may sound ok.All the others raters are tone def .
 So , I bought these to use under my gazebo.I tested them out before installing and they sounded fine for what I wanted them for . Went to install them and found the little screw slots on the base were not installed properly , so it was not possible to insert the screws for installing.I was kinda bummed because I wanted them in for Memorial Day party but it wasnt a big deal . Had Amazon send me a replacement set.Got the replacement set - SAME ISSUE .2 nd replacement set - SAME ISSUE AGAIN ! 3rd replacement set - @ % $ ! @ # @ $ @ ! $ # ! So yeah , they are all going back and Im getting speakers from someone else .
 I do not recommend . These mid range sub woofer are trash , no wounder they were so cheap $ 16 each . I got them installed and they sound horrible . I end up replacing them by a pair from WalMart for about same price -LRB- $ 30 a pair -RRB- and sound decently good .
 The speaker it self look and feel good , but you must put alot of power to them.my head unit wo n't drive them.even turned up you can hardly hear them .
 I looked at the color of the speakers and read the review , it all looked ok . next i remember the name or maybe it just sounded cool , pyle like pyle drivers , anyway i got one , thought they were sold in pairs , but i only needed one so it was ok that they sent one . but when i hooked it up i was dissapointed , the sound was crapy , but they were cheap , hey ... maybe you get what you pay for lol .
 China rubbish do n't waste your time if you run it wath an amp the speakers ca n't take the power . when the arrived to Singapore and I open the box dam I was put down `` made in china '' was all over the box
 I was n't expecting much but to be a 300 watt woofer , i was disappointed . the woofers bass is not what i was hoping for , i ca n't even hear it ... the original speakers of my car are better . . the good thing is that it was cheap ... if you want to hear some bass with your music , these woofers are not the right one for that ... PYLE PLG64 6.5-Inch 300 Watt Mid Bass Woofer
 I mounted these in an acoustic suspension cabinet to replace the old woofers.These sound fine , but the bass is not deep , and the cones distort & pop at about 8 Watts.These are just OK if you want to replace speakers in a kids room .
 didnt expect much but i was a lil disappointed.not enough bass for me and they distort with the stock cd player in my 01 sierra.i would suggest going with something better.but they were cheap .
 I do n't care how intriguing the effect is , infrared-like is not the same as `` Infrared . '' Adding IR to the title of the item is a direct misrepresentation . Thanks , however , for fleecing me . Next time I 'll know . SFX 200 is , as one can even learn by reading the film features , not an IR film .
 I put these in a 2001 GMC Sierra . The speakers were for the back doors.These things were good for about three weeks . After three weeks I had sound like the speakers had shorted out , thought maybe a wire had dropped off a speaker . Wish I were right , but unfortunately I could not have been more wrong . When I took the door panel off the entire speaker frame had fractured into pieces and was useless . Then I took off the other door panel and that speaker was even worse , the frame around the base speaker had also failed . The speakers installed easy and did sound good until that time . Now , I do play my music on the loud side but all I have is a stock head unit and I do not have an amp . This is unacceptable to put a cheap plastic frame around a speaker!I would have attempted to return but I had thrown all the packaging and literature away already .
 When I got this speaker , I thought that for sure I was getting a great deal . This speaker is supposedly a really good brand , has good quality , and had a great deal . But unfortunatly , one of the speakers is not working well at all , and may be blown out . Does anyone know where you can find the warranty ? One of the speakers works fine , but the other is all screwed up . I am very disappapointed .
 I bought this tv in March of 2006 from SAMs to use in the kitchen of my vacation home . Shortly after I got it -LRB- July of 2006 -RRB- I had problems . When I turned the set on the green light would come on but almost at once the green light would go out and the red light would come on in it 's place . No picture , no sound , nothing . I called customer service and went through a couple of tests and was told to send it back by FedEx - which Phillips did n't pay for . I would think that if the set was under warranty they should pay shipping but they did n't . I got a different set back -LRB- different serial # -RRB- in a month to 6 weeks and it seemed to work fine but a couple of weeks later I noticed that when I would turn the set on the picture would come on but no sound ! However I discovered that if I turned the set off and back on I had sound . I called Phillips and reported this but they did n't know what was causing this . Since it did work I did n't want to pay the freight to send it back again and get another one that might do the exact same thing so I got a case number and made a record of the problem . Then in December of 2008 I had exactly the same problem I had the first time -LRB- green light then red light no pic no sound -RRB- I called Phillips again and was told that I would have to take it in for repair but the set was out of warranty . When I gave them the two case numbers from before they had no record of those cases . The woman said that they probably cleaned out the database and deleted old cases after some period of time.I called the phone # of the service center she gave me and was told that it would cost me $ 89 non refundable to have the problem diagnosed . She also told me that there were very few parts listed for this set and even if they could n't get the parts to fix it I would still have to pay $ 89 . My advise is not to buy this set .
 Do not buy this item ! Especially at the price listed here . I bought it at Walmart , it crapped out after thirteen months . It had a lousy picture when I had it , and then it died . I would n't use this TV anywhere in the house . Trust me , just do n't buy it !
 Less than a year and the volume died . Since under warranty , Phillips told me to send TV back and they would send a new one . The `` new '' one was a crappy looking refurished TV that did n't work . Customer service no help . Frustrating experience .
 my standard definition tv from the early 90 's has a way better picture quality than this tv ! this is no hdtv /
 Extremely difficult to remove from a device . It requires so much of an effort the it seems like it is going to damage the device it is attached to !
 Wish I read the reviews first , hope you do!These cables were shipped by MarginMart , Inc. and were NOT `` Cables To Go '' , they did not even have the same type of snagless feature as shown in the picture!I would return them all if I did n't need them ASAP , as it is I will probably return whatever I do n't use now.Given all that it probably is a suitable cable and shipping was fast .
 Cables To Go 27140 Cat6 550 MHz Snagless Patch Cable , Blue -LRB- 1 Foot/3 foot -RRB- The tips stick in the ethernet port and the compression lever breaks when you press down on it to releasePoorly engineered - not precise enough with the tolerancesNew - Cables To Go Cat6 Patch Cable - J64309
 I ordered what I thought were `` Cables To Go '' brand , but what I received was another type that I do not recognize . There 's nothing wrong with this particular cable ; it is just not what I ordered in the first place . Apples and oranges are not the same fruit , either .
 I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible . I damaged my Router trying to get this junk out !
 these cables i received are a cheap chinese knockoff . although they do work they are cheaply made and am wondering for how long . As the saying goes `` you get what you pay for '' but this is nothing less than false advertising .
 These cables do NOT have the protective clip cover shown in the picture . It was the whole reason I bought them over another type . The ends are tight to fit into the RJ-45 jack . I would NOT buy these again . The only two things I look for in a cable are flexibility and the cover on the ends , These are stiff cables with poor quality ends .
 The picture of the blue CAT6 cable is not the same as what was received . I specifically ordered this new cable due to the fact that I prefer the `` Snagless Protector '' . The items ordered is depicted as having this `` Snagless Protector '' yet arrived with the older , less user friendly style protector . This may seem trivial if all you 're looking for is a CAT6 patch cable . It works fine like that . I specifically color code my network and want it to look and function in a certain way in addition to performing well.Had I been sent what I thought I was ordering I would be thoroughly satisfied .
 Cables I got do n't sit properly in a jack . Takes a great deal of finessing to get them to connect properly . Works fine when it rests in there well , but if I 'm constantly doing this for a laptop , why bother ? They 're Cat6 so I did n't feel like going through the hassle of replacing . Had a similar experience with some BNC cables I got from them where the connectors were malformed and would n't fit the hardware at all .
 I have an unreliable connection with this cable . It drops my connection from time to time . So , it 's just sitting in a box , unused . Eventually , I will probably cut the cable ends off and put new connectors on . No , I would not intentionally buy this again .
 I ordered 3 cables and one was defective . It was n't obvious and took me a little while to figure out as the problem was intermittent . I did n't bother to send it back or get a replacement since it was so cheap in the first place .
 I had seen other reviews that this product was not a Cables To Go product , so I made sure I ordered directly from Amazon and not one of their other sellers . Boy , was I ticked when I received a CableTech cable in a bag with a `` Cables to Go '' label placed over the original label . It does not have the signature Cables To Go connectors/boots . I could have saved a couple bucks by ordering from one of the other sellers and gotten the same cable , or maybe even the correct cable . This cable may be just fine , but it was NOT what was advertised and what I paid for . Shame on Amazon!I had just ordered two 7 ft Cables To Go cables from Amazon and they are actual Cables To Go products . The quality is obviously better than this cable .
 The cables were received and not immediately used . A few weeks later , I unwrapped one and carefully inserted it into an Ethernet switch . The retaining clip on the RJ-45 connector immediately broke off . Now I have to be very careful not to pull on the cable as it will pull out of the Ethernet switch socket . Otherwise , it seems to be a fine cable ...
 Although these MAY be fine quality , they ARE NOT what I was expecting to receive.They are advertised as `` Cables To Go '' -LRB- CTG -RRB- CAT 6 patch cables , and what I received is NOT a CTG product . They are `` Made in China '' -LRB- maybe CTG are too -RRB- , NO brand name on the package , and are definitely NOT in a CTG package , as I also ordered 5 foot cables at the same time , and those ARE in CTG bags.BEWARE that you may not get Cables To Go brand .
 I 've had this cable for a little over a year now . I usually unplug the cable from the outlet and computer and store it in my desk by looping it to keep my office tidy . I suppose it 's a combination of the plugging and unplugging and looping that now usually leads me to having to jiggle the plug around so I can get a better connectivity . The cable still works but if I move or adjust my laptop , I lose connectivity . I suppose for the price , this cable is alright .
 The cables are fine but the wrong color was sent . I ordered black and the order stated they were black but when I opened the box they were blue .
 Not Original cables to go , contacted 2 times by email and nothing.I know that some reviews that is just generic , but I will say that is worse than generic
 The title pretty much says it all . The item I received was not a Cables to Go cable . It says Cabletech Technology on the outside . The cable has the plastic boot over the ends as described by some other buyers . It appears that the product was also either used or poorly stored as it had dust/dirt on it . `` Sold by
 After having read the specifications and looked at the pictures , the cables that I purchased were not the same as specified . This makes a HUGE difference when one is working on servers and does n't have the luxury of spending 5 minutes dealing with the stupid ` cup protector ' ends
 Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Citi Electronics . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 Not the brand `` Cables to Go '' also Not as PicturedWas not snagfree type.This was from Seller CiTi.Other sellers are probably okay such as Amazon or TigerDirectIn which case if truly as pictured and truly `` Cables to Go `` Then a FIVE STAR would be fitting .
 I got three different colors from Citi -LRB- 7 ft model -RRB- They were NOT as pictured.Instead of a very flexible snagfree tab , they had a tiny hard nob in its place.Much harder to release ... it did release though.No markings of any sort stating that they were Cables to Go.I have others that are Cables to go and they were as pictured with a flexible snagfree tab that worked great.Bottom line is that Citi sent a different item , the Cables to go as pictured are great .
 BUYER BEWARE
 Looks like Citi is n't the only seller pulling a bait and switch . I just received my cable from MarginMart -LRB- fulfilled by Amazon -RRB- . It 's an Atlona cable , with a new UPC sticker slapped over the old one . The sticker says `` Cables To Go 27155 ... '' The cable I received has a standard snagless boot , not the nice CTG snagless boot in the picture . Really disappointing when you ca n't trust the brand/picture/description . Amazon should dump MarginMart as a seller . No mistake here . They are intentionally sending the wrong cable -LRB- evidenced by the new UPC sticker with `` Cables To Go '' printed on it -RRB- .
 The one star is not for the cables themselves , but for the misrepresentation.Let me preface this with , I 'm having a bad Amazon week ... I have ordered many of Cables-To-Go cables in the past . This is not one of them . At best I 'll call it a knock-off . Cables-To-Go cables are packaged in Cables-To-Go packaging & have a distinct look to them . They do have a similar end termination to them ; however they are not what they are described to be . Also , there was an original label on the packaging that was covered up by an Avery self-print label with the words Cables-To-Go on it . Under that label is the real label stamped made in China . Cables-To-Go are made in Ohio.I ordered two 14 ft. cables and one 25 ft. cable in this order NONE of them are Cables-To-Go brand . In fact the 25 ft. cable is a different brand all together -LRB- this one with no disguise packaging , but same overlay label -RRB- , and is not terminated the same way . It has the little cup shaped snag-less cover over the plug release which makes it very difficult to unplug the cable . Lastly , all three cables are rated 500MHz not 550MHz to boot.Now , you may be saying , wow this complaint is petty . And it is very possible that these are good cables . I see it as false advertisement ... I have had more issues with merchandise and Amazon customer service on this order -LRB- 20 item order -RRB- than I have ever had period . I drop thousands of dollars a year at Amazon and have always been treated well and got what I was promised 99 % of the time . I hope this is just Amazon having a bad day ... I feel everyone deserves a second chance , so I will readdress the issues with customer service and hope Amazon steps up and makes it right .
 Was shipped cheap generics china made instead real cables to go from AmamaxThis review is for Cables To Go 27153 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 10 Feet -RRB- Beware buying this product from the vendor `` Amamax . '' They shipped me generic no-name brand cables , instead of the unique Cables-To-Go snagless custom boots . The `` generics '' are like typical Ethernet cables with the thick molded boot that fully encapsulates the plastic tab used to unlock the cable from a jack . I 've found trying to press on this thick `` thumb bump '' boot to push on the tab difficult to use and sometimes I have to pull the boot back in order to press directly on the tab to properly disengage it . It seems these generic boots are just too large and may actually be pressed up against the jack housing causing tension on the jack and making disengagement harder -LRB- hence my need to peel back the boot or forcibly push the cable further into the jack to unload the tension on the tab -RRB- . Which is why I now use the Cables-To-Go snagless versions as it uses a light and small vinyl flap that rests on the plastic locking tab to aid in disengaging yet allows easy unobstructed view and access to this tab to ensure you are properly disengaging it without adding any stress or tension to the connection .
 These cat6 cables arrived exactly as pictured , but will only transfer at 10Mbps ... I am very disappointed ... I ordered from seller
 Apparently , I also got the knock-off cables that others have mentioned . I found that when I tried to disconnect the cable from my computer , the connector could not be disengaged from the jack whether the big rubber flap was in the way or not . I have n't had to shim an ethernet cable out of a jack in years . Cheap stuff here .
 The picture is clearly a `` lime green '' or `` light green '' cable what you get is a ugly dark green . Beware This Is Not the product you will get , they really need to correct this picture .
 I was not happy with the product.It is very supple and doenot snap in well needs to be pushed in and then its difficult to pull it out , feels like its going to break.I purchased 2 one was a foot another longer , they donot work for me.Cheaper is not good : -LRB-
 When I got this cable in the mail , it was not a Cables-to-Go cable , but a cheap generic . I 'm going to try it , but if it does n't work , I 'll be returning it . Avoid Cables N Wireless ; their price is low because they cheat you.Update
 The cables that I received from the vendor `` Ucable '' were not `` Cables To Go '' brand , and they were not the same at the cables pictured . While the cables may have similar specifications , I ordered `` Cables To Go 31342 Cat6 550 Mhz Snagless Patch Cable , Black -LRB- 5 Feet -RRB- '' , and that is what I expected to receive . This seems to be a regular problem with Marketplace vendors . Unfortunately , the Amazon Marketplace vendors are making Amazon.com look bad and turning my lengthy experience with Amazon into one that is starting to feel more like eBay .
 Item pictured and listed as a black cable , received blue . Item advertised as from cables to go , it is actually a generic cable . Item listed as a cat 6 cable , although not tested , cable connectors are not cat 6 !
 I would advise against ordering Cat6 cables from Ucable . The cable I got had a generic boot on the end rather than the nice cover you see in the picture .
 Amazon rejected my previous review saying that my review is more towards the seller than the cable . So , I am simplifying by review . These cables sold by 1d4us are not Cables To Go brand cables . These are cheap brand cables .
 As I 've noticed others saying , the cables I received are not the cables shown or described in the title . They are just generic cables . Beware .
 Amazon Prime members avoid Smart digital , though from other reviews Amazon 's main site seems afflicted by the same curse.Received Cabletech Technology knockoffs -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- instead of `` snagless '' cap Cables To Go -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- - note valued at $ 28.99 on the manufacturer 's site.Furthermore , the site above suggests these knockoffs may be labeled cat 6 but are afterall tested up to 100mhz and could therefore be cat5 in sheep 's clothing .
 I got 25 ' and 14 ' cables from two different vendors . The cables were stiff , connectors were stiff . After inspecting the cables , they were NOT made by Cables-To-Go . It would have been nice to know that the cables they were going to ship were not Cables-To-Go cables . Cables-To-Go cables are supple and easily unwound . These felt like coiled wire . The ones I ordered direct from Amazon were actually made by Cables-To-Go . The quality difference was obvious .
 As with many other purchasers recently , these cables are not what the picture shows and are not Cables To Go . These are not snagless.I do no think these are Cat 6 cables either , since they boost only 100mbps . I switched out this cable with a Belkin I have 5e , and get 1.0 Gbps.These cables were cheap , so you get what you paid for.I hate getting third party merchandise through Amazon , there always seems to be an issue with quality .
 The outer insulation extremely thin and totally inadequate compared to most of the brands available in the market . I am not happy .
 Unknown brand was received , not C2G . There are no actual markings on the cable itself to indicate contents , however the cable is noticeably thinner than the real C2G cables purchased directly from Amazon on the same day.It is n't worth the effort to send back , nor use this mystery cable . And other than to say `` avoid choosing Amamax for your C2G purchases '' , its not worth writing another word for this review .
 Received 2 12-foot cables rather than the 2 14-foot cables , which I ordered . Also , I have ordered these from Amazon before and I do n't think they are `` Cables To Go '' products that ShopCloseouts shipped . The have different snag protectors and are different looking cables , which are much rougher because the outer covering seems thinner which is causing bulges from the wiring inside . I have been ordering from Amazon since they opened in 1995 and this is one of the first times that I did not get what was described from Amazon -LRB- or an Amazon Marketplace seller -RRB- . Very disappointed .
 Why is this listed as a Cables to Go product ? I have many Cables to Go cables and this is not one of their cables . There is no logo on the ends and it did not come in Cables to Go packaging . It came in a generic &#34; Made in China &#34; package . I am very disappointed in this product .
 This cable does not click into ports . It is very loose and flimsy . Would not recommend to anyone . Do not buy .
 I received the product this evening . No where on the package is a manufacturer listed . There is no mention of Cables to Go on the package . The Cables to Go that I have have the name Cables to Go printed on the cable . There is no manufacturer printed on the cable . There is a Made in China paper stick-on label on the package . I feel duped .
 The cable they sent WAS NOT `` cables to go '' cable they advertised . It is some cheap generic branded `` cablemaster '' on package , but no marking at all on cable . Do not trust these guys !
 Ordered Cables to Go Brand Cat 6 550mhz . 14ft . Instead got cheap generics made in China . Cable is really thin , boot is totally different . Looks like it 'll break easy . overall cheap quality to them . So thin I 'd be Surprised this is actually Cat6 ?? . Have not even opened them , returning right away.Anyways not what I ordered Beware of seller AMAMAX.I will think twice before shopping with amazon again as well .
 Cables ordered from 1D4US are NOT Cables to Go cables , they are Cable Master cables.Cables to Go cables are 5 star cables , Cable Master cables are an unknown to me ... Currently using them , but prefer the peace of mind that comes with Cables to Go which is why I ordered these.Amazon needs to work on ensuring third party sellers are actually selling what they claim to be.Cable Master are a noticeably lower quality than Cables to Go . Hopefully they will serve me well , but I must give this 1 star because of the deception and incorrect received item . Price was too low to go through the effort of returning , which is most likely the goal of 1D4US .
 If you are specifically looking for Cables to Go brand cat 6 cables , look elsewhere . The cables I received from Marginmart are definitely not C2G , but they are cat 6 . Therefore , although disappointed -LRB- with Amazon especially for letting this happen repeatedly -RRB- , I wo n't be sending them back because after all they are just cables and they are getting the job done . Plus they were only like $ 4 dollars a piece which is why I give them 2 stars .
 I read the reviews that many have written about these cables but I thought they were just kidding and may be a one off thing . But turns out if you do not order from Amazon or any trusted third party you are going to get a knockoff . The item that i received was not from Cables To Go and was not Cat 6 cable either . I ordered for 2 14 Feet -LRB- Black Snugless Cables -RRB- from Amamax . I think I am going to pay more attention to the obvious reviews and then decide about products like this.Dont know why Amazon does not have a control on stuff like this.I have asked for a return hopefully it goes smoothly .
 The cables seem rather basic and work well , except one problem . After installing these in multiple locations , I have found that they are almost impossible to remove without damaging the port . The release mechanism does n't work . I have tried every which way to get them out without damage and it is next to impossible.So if you use these , anticipate that it is a permanent installation .
 ordered two and they were not `` snagless '' , one is impossible to remove from my laptop ... I 'm a computer professional , and I 've not been able to detach the cable ... took it to the hardware support at work and they ca n't remove it and wo n't try harder because it might break the connector .
 Be aware ! You wo n't get a `` Cables To Go . '' It 's some non-branded cable.I was hoping , at least , it would work with gigabit speed , but iperf reported the same speed as my old Cat5 cable -LRB- under 100Mbps -RRB- with my gigabit router and Ethernets in my local network!And yes , since it 's not shipped by Amazon , you have to pay the return cost.Here is the seller -LRB- Amamax -RRB- explanation about this cable , `` The 100mhmps depends on your internet speed you pay for on a monthly basis '' `` item received was one of our 4 cat 6 ' branded cables which should be identical to the specs of a CTG maybe better with a thicker inner core of copper ''
 I thought I was ordering a cable from Cables To Go but what I received was a cable from Cable Master . There are no markings on the cable telling me that it is CAT6.If your going to buy this cable do not buy from Amamax .
 Do not buy this item , it is not as advertised . I was expecting a Cables to Go cable and received a Chinese piece of junk . It is the thinnest network cable I have ever seen .
 Good price for the cable and well made . But it is so hard to unplug the cord from our router that we quit using it .
 I got a 3ft cable in a 5ft bag so i went to wallieworld to get one i can use .
 Length :
 I ordered two 10 foot cables and only received one . Making this very expensive cable , and of course having to get another cable somewere else .
 Regarding the type size of the channel number display and the closed captions
 This is a great television for its size . The closed captioning is a bit difficult to read due to the font size . The remote control is a bit small . The colors associated with the predefined picture settings are not great , needs to be adjusted.My original set was defective near the end of the first year under warranty . The customer support is terrible , spent on the average of 50 minutes on at least 3 occasions . The first set -LRB- Day 1 thru Day 20 -RRB- , Philips screwed up the address . The second set -LRB- Day 21 thru Day 40 -RRB- , FedEx delivered to the wrong address . The third set -LRB- Day 41 thru Day 50 -RRB- , was refurbished and defective -LRB- would not turn on , gone through troubleshooting with Customer Support -RRB- . After the frustration and aggravation with Customer Support , my case was escalated to Consumer Relations . The individual in Consumer Relations stated that Philips will pick up the cost to ship the defective third set back to them and offered a buyback . Despite a satisfactory resolution and a great television , Philips Customer Support is disappointing , a customer will be told 15-20 days for a replacement set to be ordered and sent . Hopefully my experience with Customer Support was an isolated incident .
 MY tv needed repair and i was told to shipped it to arkansas which cost me $ 46 . I did on april 24 . i receive a refub on mAY7.It worked for 5 min . i shipped it back may8 . Philips did pay for the shipping but as of MAY 28 i am still waiting for a replacement.I was told they should know something by JUNE1 I will never buy another philips product
 Ca n't complain too much as I got it for $ 20 . Switches are cheap and stick , connectors are cheap and breakable . For a few months of use , it worked as it was supposed to . All that was needed was occasional wiggling on the switches . After about 3 months of use the left channel died . Ca n't complain too much for the price , but I will need another unit now .
 I HAVE NOT BEEN TOO HAPPY ABOUT THE QUALITY OF THE SOUND FROM THIS PURCHASED USED PRODUCT . TO BE FAIR I AM GOING TO CHECK ALL WIRING AGAIN
 The push buttons get stuck and wo n't disengage . The rear connectors wo n't hold a wire firmly in and you have to re insert over and over . This is a plug and pray item . Lots of pray !!!! . I have used Phoenix brand in the past w great results . Slightly more expensive but consider the amt of time trying to get this crappola to work.STAY AWAY .
 Poorly made , the back input bracket snapped off as I was trying to put the speaker wire in . The selector on the front gets stuck . This really is a cheap shoddy product that caused more frustration than anything . Sent it back and still looking for a viable replacement .
 Cheap is the pro/con of this item.It works , kinda , for how long who knows.Buttons get stuck , sound is just OK . Was too much of a POS for my needs , I returned it .
 Not the best quality product , one of the switches is stuck in and it happened the second day of use . The price is good if your looking for something simple and low quality .
 Very easy hook up , etc. . First day A & B speaker buttons stuck and would not pop out . Tried repeatedly to no avail . C & D worked properly , over and over . Returned and will try another brand .
 I bought this ish so I could develop it in my darkroom on my own , but then i found out you are n't supposed to process it in B/W chemicals . So it was useless.Amazon does n't tell you this , but it says on the box
 As the first reviewer noted , this is not `` traditional '' black and white film . This is for the consumer market so it can be easily developed on color processing equipment . Have tried a few rolls and the whites come out off-white and contrast is low . Well-processed traditional B&W prints will last 100 + years . No way to know how prints from this film will look in a few decades . If you are taking family photos , go to the expense and trouble of buying regular Kodak B&W film and have it professionally processed . Your great-great-grandchildren will thank you .
 This is the second iGo product I 've purchased -- the iGo adapter for my treo 700p failed within 3 months of purchase . The DC power cord from the unit to my Laptop failed after using it just a few times . Given these two experiences and finding several reports on the internet citing the same problem , I say iGo needs to engineer their products better.Another issue I have is the rather annoying reconfiguration of the tips
 I paid almost $ 90 for this charger at Radio Shack because I was in dire need . I bought it in March or April of 2009 . Yesterday , 07.28.10 , it died on me . There is a blue light that comes on when the charger is plugged into the outlet . Even though the charger remained in the outlet , the blue light faded after less than 3 minutes . There was no power / `` juice '' being sent to my laptop . I tried several outlets ; I also tried using the car charger that came in the set . The same thing occurred ; the blue light faded after less than 3 minutes . Also , I found that the iGo did not `` charge '' my computer 's battery . Once I disconnected the iGo charger , my battery would last about 5 minutes and then my computer would shut down .
 I started using IGO products about 2 years ago . I do n't mean that I own several IGO products . I mean that I 've been replacing the same powercord over and over again for the last couple years . About two years ago my original power supply for my Powerbook G4 fried . A friend told me about the IGO product line and suggested that I could get a replacement cord for the same price -LRB- about $ 80 -RRB- but enjoy much more versatility with the new cord . I bought the IGO and it worked fine for about 8 months . One day , however , the brick -LRB- power supply -RRB- quit working . I took it back to Radio Shack where I purchased it and they replaced it . Four months later , the second brick went bad . I took it back to Radio Shack but this time they told me the return time had expired and I would have to deal with IGO directly . I contacted IGO , explained the situation and got an RMA . I sent it back to them and then received a new one . This one lasted about 3 months and the brick blew out again . Finally , I decided to toss the piece of junk and I bought a replacement power cord from an online supplier for less than half the price of the IGO -LRB- about $ 35 -RRB- . Its worked without a hitch . In the meantime my wifes IGO which we purchased after I got mine , has just given up the ghost . It was about a year old . The ring on the tip split and stopped feeding power to the laptop . At the same time the light on the power supply started to glower and finally stopped working . All told , we 've gone through 4 IGO 's in two years . Rather than deal with having to return an IGO for a fifth time , I told my wife to toss her IGO and I purchased her another $ 35 special . IGO looks and feels solid and the idea appears great on paper - buy one power cord to use with a wide variety of appliances . The only problem is that they do n't stay working long enough to be worth the high price . If you enjoy returning items every 6 to 8 months , buy an IGO . If you want something that is n't going to crap out on you in less than a year , buy something else .
 Every time I reach for my iGo juice to power something that I am missing the cord to , or need an extra cord for , I regret the purchase . This device has three fatal flaws , any of which would be reason enough not to buy it.First , it can only provide the rated 70-watts of output for a subset of input and outputs . It may power your -LRB- supposedly supported -RRB- laptop just fine when it 's connected to AC , but then you plug it into your car or an airplane , and it ca n't pump out enough juice.Second , all of the connections are loose . The supply power cord , and the device power cord both connect to the juice itself through simple slip connections . These easily come unplugged with a slight tug . The tips themselves literally fall off the end of the device cable if they 're not supported from underneath by a table.Third , iGo refuses to provide polarity and voltage ratings for any of its tips . If you want to hook up a device that is n't specifically on their -LRB- tiny -RRB- list of supported devices , you have to dig out the multimeter and test the tips yourself or you 're just plain out of luck . I would n't complain about this if they did n't call it a `` Universal '' adapter in the device name . This is not a universal adapter . It 's meant ONLY for a limited set of devices that iGo certifies for use with it .
 I have owned two of this company 's -LRB- iGo -RRB- chargers and both have died within about a year . Specifically , the charger will simply stop charging . When plugged in the blue light on the charger will come on and then immediately fade . The company was great about honoring the two-year warranty on the first charger , but the replacement died a year later . Unfortunately their warrant is from the date of the initial purchase , so if the replacement dies and the two years from initial purchase have passed you are out of luck . I do n't know about you , but that simply does n't sit well with me . If you warranty your product for two years , then the clock should start again when the product is replaced.Seriously consider purchasing a universal charger manufactured by a different company .
 When we first bought this television we were absolutely in love with it . However , around the time our set turned 18 months old , the television had to be turned on for 10-15 minutes before the picture would appear . I called Sony who said they could not help me since my warranty was only good for a year . The burden of repair , they said , was completely my own . I decided to `` live with it , '' and simply turn the television on 10-15 minutes before I wanted to watch anything.However , now the picture is gone for close to an hour . I called Sony again , but apparently the burden is still completely mine to pay for repairs . Yes , I realize that my television is older than the one-year warranty , but I 've researched this model online and apparently several others are having the same problem.I ca n't wait until Monday when I find out how much it will cost me to fix this problem.Again , it 's a great television if/when it works , but I 'm seriously reconsidering ever buying a Sony again if they only stand behind their products for 12 months .
 For a true 1080p LCD monitor , by Sony , I was terribly disappointed in this television , so much so that I returned it within 24 hours . I upgraded from a Sony Grand Wega 720p LCD projection set to this , and out of the box the first thing I noticed was how red everything looked . I played with the tint , adjusted the individual color levels and enabled and tweaked every conceivable `` gimmick '' feature on the set , but just could not arrive at a setting that would show accurate flesh tones without distorting some other aspect of the display . There was nothing defective with the set -- this is a well-known weakness with Sony televisions and in this particular model it was just too much for me to bear.I was also disappointed that the set yielded such poor contrast . I 'm not talking about the difference between black levels and white levels , but rather the more subtle variations on people 's faces , clothing and other textures . Again , I adjusted the sharpness , picture and brightness , and all the other `` gimmick '' features of the set -LRB- detail and edge enhancement -RRB- and was only able to make minimal improvement in this area.After having this set in my home for barely 24 hours , I packed it up , took it back to the retailer and exchanged for a 50 '' 1080p Panasonic plasma set . I could not be happier now . Sony lost a customer here .
 Without a doubt , this Sony KDL46W3000 is the worst TV set I have ever owned . The picture , which I saw demonstrated in several stores on a HD link , is abysmal using any other input but HD . Surely Sony should have realized that only some broadcasts are in HD and most other sources of input are not . They could have compensated for those circumstances instead of letting the buyer suffer from a low quality picture.The sound is no better . It is muffled and unintelligible in many broadcasts , and the Sound Leveler circuit does not appear to make any difference . I thought I was finally done adjusting the sound level from loud commercials to soft movie scenes , and I expected the TV set to strike some kind of balance . It does n't . Conclusion
 Wow ! The Sony W3000 is a great picture !! I compared this set at Circuit City with several other models and by far it outpaced the Samsung and Toshiba in picture clarity . In comparison to the lower level V or S models , it seemd that the only practical benefit was more HDMI ports for gaming , DVDs , Cable lines , etc. I bought my W3000 2 weeks ago and with Directv 's HD channels , it feels as if I 'm there . Most incredible pictures I 've seen . I highly recommend if you spend the money on this kind of TV , you spend the money on a higher Directv or Cable package . I bought the Directv basic pacakage at 29.99 that did not have HD channels and I felt as if I had wasted my money on such a great TV . With the HD channel packages though , my tv experience improved dramatically . I highyl recommend this set so far .
 I bought this TV after a lot of research , from amazon . i paid almost $ 500-6oomore for this sony product than any other TV . I hooked it to my sony playstation 3 and expected to watch high def blu ray movies with an experience like never before . But i was very disappointed . There is `` extensive motion blur '' while watching movies . I tried watching casino royale and superman returns . the picture was so blurred in the opening bond chase sequence that i was utterly disappointed . i had read such issues only while watching football . but every movie that i watch has the same issue . All my connecting equipment is MONSTER cable and the most expensive ones . i realised my older panasonic was giving better picture . I called sony . tried all possible tweaks . i finally gave up and decided to return this TV . Meanwhile in just a few days i noticed some minimal clouding at the top edge of screen which was very visible while watching movies in 16:9 format.I have always been a Sony fan and though pricey , it has lived upto expectations . But its bye bye for this one . Its either XBR4 or Sammy Lnt4671 .
 I received this Panasonic piece of crap as a Xmas `` gift '' much to my chagrin as I 'd sworn off buying ANY Panasonic products after they refused to help with a problem that occurred with a very expensive 2.4 phone . I may have used the DVD S25 unit a total of JUST FIVE OR SIX times before it suddenly gave me `` no disc '' messages . I take impeccable care of ALL my electronic equipment . The F-ing warranty for Labor -LRB- 90 days -RRB- is a joke as it took me close to 6 months for the problem to surface . They wanted at least $ 90 to fix it . The unit cost $ 80 brand new . Now they are online for $ 55 . BOYCOTT ALL PANASONIC PRODUCTS !
 This is a know problem with Panasonic . It has been addressed and has been said that it is not a problem just like the Panasonic Telephones . You all need to takle Panasonic to court and get a court order to release all records from 2002 - 2004 for the H0 error codes . You also need to get a court order to have all Panasonic Customer Care and Call Center personnel tell you what they know have have been told . You all can cry and every thing else . These are the products that you should be looking at DVD 's , Panasonic Telephones , Microwaves , Big Screen TV 's . These are not just to do a run on Panasonic but they are lieing to the people and not following thier founders rules . They are greedy and just out for your money and to save a buck . Yes they know about this problem and have know for years but they will not help you . except to charge you for a new unit or make you pay as the warranty of the DVD player is 90 days labor 1 year on parts Labor will kill you can buy a new one cheaper .
 I 've had this unit for just 7 months and it quite working , giving a H-07 error . Panasonic customer service recommends that I send it in -LRB- at my cost -RRB- to a repair depot in California where a tech will work on it for $ 90/hour . Given the shipping and repair costs is not worth it to me to repair and I 'll be getting a new DVD player . Any brand except Panasonic .
 The motors on several Panasonic models have quit working after about a year . Do a search on `` Panasonic DVD error code H07 '' in Google and watch what comes up . Until they get their act together I would avoid Panasonic all together .
 Unit reads DVD-R and MP3 cds without a hitch . After 5 months , the unit would not read any discs and would power off after several minutes . It 's now in the trash .
 panasonic has not fixed the problem with the ho7 errors and dead machjines . Mine died 1 month after warrantee expired!panasonic wont even admit the problem.don ' t buy one !
 Worked fine for 2 months , then the picture `` froze '' in the middle of the movie ! Had to turn off and on , managed to watch a few more minutes , then froze again ... Heard strange noises , like the laser could n't find the right spot on the disk or the disk spinning problems -LRB- motor problems ? -RRB- . Good thing it comes with a whopping 3-month warranty for parts and labor -LRB- although parts are covered for a whole year , but the labor would be more than buying a new player ... -RRB- . Really like the features of the player , it plays all my home-made DVD-R 's and VCD 's and JPG CD 's just fine , but what good is it if it only works for 2 or 3 months ? That 's pretty crappy quality , not what I would expect from Panasonic . In comparison , I have a 17-year old Technics CD player that still works fine and a 4-year old Sony DVD player that works fine -LRB- except it does n't play the newer formats -RRB- .
 Easy to set up , but it the power does n't come on -- and after playing just 3 movies . I purchased one in mid-December and am sending it back to Panasonic for repairs !!
 I did n't purchase this one , but I would have to give the Panasonic DVD players a BIG Thumbs DOWN . I received the PANASONIC DVD-RV31 as a gift from Amazon.com two years ago . After limited household basic use , it just stopped working . I received an error message -LRB- HO2 -RRB- and the Panasonic Service told me to go to a local repair shop . It will be cheaper to buy a new Player , so that 's what I plan to do . I would strongly suggest another brand of DVD player -LRB- JVC is what I have for other components with much success -RRB- . I 'll never get Panasonic again !!!!
 I received this unit as a Christmas present , and used it 3 times in two weeks , then the unit failed to read any CD I tried to play . I re-read the owners manual and nothing worked . I then contacted Panasonic and their instructions failed as to what was wrong and it still was unable to read CD 's . I then contacted Amazon and related my problem to them . Their customer service department was terrific and sent me a replacement unit -LRB- same model -RRB- , which was used only twice and the same problem arose . I again contacted Amazon , who again were absolutely wonderful in helping me , said they would send me a prepaid label to return the second unit and would issue me a gift certificate for the purchase price of this gift . I can not praise Amazon enough for their excellent customer support . I will think twice before I ever purchase a Panasonic product again , especially any of their DVD players . I will use my Amazon gift certificate to purchase a DVD player from another manufacturer , it certainly wo n't be a product from Panasonic . Keep up the good work Amazon ... I will be a customer with you for a long time .
 I also , thought that Panasonic still made quality . We were all wrong . Just out of warranty the motor quit -LRB- HO7 error -RRB- as have MANY , MANY others . I checked the google search and this problem runs through most of their product line . Bye bye Panny ; hello Sony .
 Fortunately , this will be my last Panasonic product . I was happy with this DVD player -LRB- I do n't ask for much -RRB- until it stopped reading * any * discs after 6 months . It produced an error on the screen . When I called to find out what the error meant , they said it was `` still under warranty '' and to send it in , which I did.After 4 weeks , they contact me to say that only the parts are covered for a year - labor is only 3 months . So the part is covered , but not the labor to put it in ! They wanted sixty-five bucks to `` fix '' my DVD player , which was apparently under warranty.So , after spending 100 bucks on this unit , it 's in the trash after 6 months . BUYER BEWARE - and pray your unit breaks within 90 days .
 I received this S25 for father 's day . It played well for about 3 mo.Then it started freezing -LRB- error U11 -RRB- which says disc is dirty.Cleaned it ... samr thing happened . Tried all my DVD 's and apparantly they are all dirty . Panasonic wo n't help me . Some people have advised me to use the CD cleaner to clean the lenses.I have never received H02 or any H errors . Please e-mail me with your input.Thanks Bluecat33@aol.com
 had this model for about 16 months , it was nice ... now it ca n't seem to find its place in the disk ... its spins and whirs and jumps around the disk like a monkey ... then plays 10 seconds of the video and does it all again . I 've tried many disks , cleaning the lens , etc. . . its headed for the dumpster
 After a few years of normal use , my S25 player started freezing in the middle of movies.No error codes or anything would come up on the display , the picture and soundjust stops while the read head tracks around trying to find itself . I 've cleanedthe lens with alcohol . That did n't help . I 've reinitialized the machine . Thatdid n't help . Panasonic wants more money to repair it than it would cost me to buya new one . I 've bought a lot of things from Panasonic over the years . In recentyears though , I 've had three different Panasonic products fail on me prematurely.I 'm all through with them . I 'd welcome any suggestions from anyone who might know howto fix it who is willing to share . Hopefully it does n't need a new optical pickup . Isaw one on a parts list . They want 85 % of the cost of a new machine for it . Not worthit .
 This looked like a great DVD player , given its features and price . Unfortunately , it died after 18 months . Just like many other people who have bought Panasonic DVD players , the display reads `` H02 '' whenever I put in a disc . This means that the motor ca n't spin up any more . My understanding is that it has burned out and costs just as much as a new DVD player to repair.I wo n't buy Panasonic again .
 This is my second panasonic dvd player . The first one started freezing after about a year of consistant use . Well , needless to say , I did n't learn from my mistakes . I bought this model and after about a year it froze . I have tried cleaning them both with a dvd/cd player cleaning disc . Neither dvd player will even read the disc . I held on to the other one just in case . I just threw both of them in the garbage . I will not buy anything panasonic again!This dvd really did n't have anything special on it either . It played discs fine until it died ! There is n't a big display screen ; it is n't fancy at all . For the price of something like this , you can find a better model , make , and quality at a cheaper price . This thing is useless .
 For all this money , this unit is nothing special , It do n't play SVCD or VCD movies.These are movies usually burned to CD-r discs . from a home computer .
 I 'm definitely in the minority here.I had a C400 which suddenly stopped working -LRB- shutter stopped working -RRB- . Unfortunately , I did n't find out about it until I had wasted several rolls of film . Luckily , the snapshots I took were replaceable . Still I expected more from Kodak.If the reviews here are any indication , you will have better luck than I did .
 Coming from the perspective of someone who worked for one of Canada 's largest photo retail chains , I strongly advise anyone agains buying Kodak Cameras , or at least be aware of thier reputations.Our company stopped carrying Kodak cameras because of thier poor construction , common problems were with the battery doors , film doors , zoom , and the flip flash . The most common being the batter door latches breaking off . In one year we returned twice as many from our store as we sold . It was that bad.Kodak makes awesome high end cameras , thier film and paper can be second to none as well , but thier cameras , leave that to the big three .
 Coming from the perspective of someone who worked for one of Canada 's largest photo retail chains , I strongly advise anyone agains buying Kodak Cameras , or at least be aware of thier reputations.Our company stopped carrying Kodak cameras because of thier poor construction , common problems were with the battery doors , film doors , zoom , and the flip flash . The most common being the batter door latches breaking off . In one year we returned twice as many from our store as we sold . It was that bad.Kodak makes awesome high end cameras , thier film and paper can be second to none as well , but thier cameras , leave that to the big three .
 No one would argue that the latch on a camera case needs to be fail safe especially on location in difficult terrain where your camera can fall out of the case and tumble down a ravine . Recently on such a trip the latch on the camera case continually failed . Fortunately the camera did not fall out of the case but I was constantly having to re-latch the case .
 I think the case lock is very bad , I feel it is going to open any time and the camera will fall . The material is great , but for 100 dollars I expected much more . I did n't buy the other choice of case for the Leica that you had because the review said it was a very large case for the camera , but I think This is worse . Also I live in Mexico and it was very difficult to purchase this item because you do n't send them here .
 The 400 GB model worked great until the power button broke . The drive works but the case failed ! Seagate 's snotty 3rd world reps made matters worse . Seagate sux !
 I 've never been able to successfully disconnect this drive with the Safely Remove Hardware feature or get it to turn off using the on/off button . Every time I eventually had to pull the USB cable and physically disconnect the power source to turn it off . I spent a lot of time trying to locate anything on my computer that was interacting with the drive and keeping it from safely disconnecting . And the last couple of times I started it up , I had a very hard time getting the drive to turn on . I recently spent two hours with customer service , first with someone overseas , who I could barely hear and hardly understand , and then finally with someone in the US when the first person could n't help me . They never could resolve what was keeping it from safely disconnecting and they really did n't make too much of an effort . The second guy finally decided that it had a defective button , which is why I was having problems turning it on and off . So I can return it ... and they will replace it with a refurbished one . I said I found that annoying , that I 'm going to send him a new drive and get a drive that some other customer returned to them sent back to me . He said that 's my only option ; they only replace with previously returned drives and they do n't do refunds . I wish I had n't spent as much time trying to resolve the problem myself and I could have returned it to Amazon . Obviously this drive gets glowing reviews from most people - I wish I had gotten a drive that was n't defective , and I might have felt the same way , but as it stands now , I wish I could just dump this , get my money back and go with another company .
 I read the reviews of this camera before buying it and I had hoped that the ones about the film winding system not working properly were wrong . However , after taking less than 10 rolls of film with the camera the film got stuck inside and would not wind . I took out that roll and tried other rolls that also got stuck in the camera . I e-mailed Kodak and asked for a refund and they said that they could only send me a replacement . I really do n't want a replacement if there is a good possibility that it wo n't work because of poor design .
 I bought my camera the latter part of 2002 . It is the Kodak Easy Load 35mm camera . I am very unhappy with it . I have not used it a dozen times yet . So , it is still new . I use the same kind of film everytime that I use the camera . The film is stuck in the camera and will not come out . This would not be a problem except the pictures that I have on the roll are the people that I have worked with for 12 yrs and our company is closing . I will NEVER buy another camera from you . I am so disgusted and upset that I have lost valuable pictures .
 Camera takes great photos ... however . . after taking only 1 roll successfully , on TWO seperate cameras ... they BOTH froze up and would not let me rewind the film . I do not want a 3rd . Want a replacement . Not good for when taking photo 's on a once-in-a-lifetime trip .
 After 3 rolls of film the automatic lens cap stopped openning automatically . The only way to know it does n't open is when you get your film back and they are all blank.Buy something else .
 I purchased this camera at the end of 2004 because the price was unbeatable . The place was trying to get rid of its 35mm cameras to make room for new digital cameras . At first , I was totally pleased with the quality of the pictures and the easy loading of the film . However , after only 2 uses the camera began to malfunction . When I try to load the film now , it wo n't accept it and the display on the back of the camera wo n't stop flashing . I can turn the camera off but once I turn it back on , the display on the back continues to flash , not allowing me to do anything at all . Glad I did n't pay the actual retail price for this camera . I was terribly disappointed because the first set of photos I took came out unbelievably beautiful . I woud n't recommend this camera at all .
 Left channel speaker crackled from first use . Also , Pyle advertises speakers as being 20W x 2 . Um , the input power is 4W for the whole system . I 'm a creative electrical engineer , but I ca n't imagine how to create 40W out of 4W .
 My initial review for the product was 3 stars for ease of use out of the box . A follow up review gave this product a 1 star for sound quality . Now this , my last review would give it a ZERO , if Amazon had such a category.When I swung the speakers to their open position on the supporting arm , they both pulled out of the bar and now hang by their wires . So I duct taped them to the bar.The next step will be to deposit this piece of junk where it belongs , in the garbage pail .
 I looked at this and the DVX100 . I plumped for this because it had better low light support and interchangeable lens.PLUS
 I 'm a non-byist consumer ; and ex-owner of the XL1 and XL1S.We recently `` upgraded '' to the XL2 for an upcoming film shoot.BAD NEWS . The camera 's we ordered both came `` defective '' , according to Canon tech support -LRB- they were drop shipped from their facility brand new - and NOT black market -RRB- . Now , I find this hard to believe , and I think the issues are with the computer which controls output for the camera.In 30P mode , any vertical lines flicker/pixelate , and images blur as they move past the camera - It 's much choppier than the old `` frame mode '' on the XL1 and XL1s.In 24P mode , the entire image flickers , vertical lines go insane , and using the standard 1/24 shutter speed , the images are CHOPPY as they walk by the camera . Any vertical lines jump about . There is not image clarity the minute anything moves.In 60i - the camera looks fine , but that defeats the purpose of owning the camera entirely !!!! Unless you want to drop frames/filmlook upon completion , this is not an option.In previous XL models , the frame mode had it 's issues ... soft focus , lowered resolution , choppy images if moving right in front of the camera ... However , the 24P is a joke . No person in their right mind could use this , unless to produce nausea ! And , believe me , the resolution output on this camera , if anything , is lower - and I 'm using the optional 20X super-wide XL2 lens -LRB- $ 1500 -RRB- . I 've shot with the XL1 , XL1s , DVX1000 - they ALL blow this thing away.Now , I 'm stuck with a Canon , as I purchased unreturnable accessories for this thing . So , as I read user comments , I 'm praying that just certain cameras have these issues . It seems others on message boards have this issue , but folks tell them they 're crazy -LRB- they 're not - believe me -RRB- . I 'm forced to drive 100 miles to the closest store with the XL2 in stock , hoping that the 24P or 30P or their floor model is somewhat clear . If not , I 'll have to buy back my old XL1 !!!!! BE VERY CAREFUL IF YOU DECIDE TO BUY THIS CAMERA . It 's not PRO at all !!!!!!!!!!
 I would love to write you a review of my new Kodak C800 Advantix Camera which I purchased from Cambridgeworld on 6/9/07 . However to date -LRB- 7/13/07 -RRB- I have still not received my product and so have no idea how good it is.I am getting very little help or answers from the seller so I am very frustrated and annoyed at this stage.I hope that is not an indication of the trouble I would have with the camera -LRB- IF AND -RRB- when it does arrive .
 I have purchased two of these monitors and they will go in the trash bin . Samsung has not been helpful in repairing and I will not buy or recommend thier monitors to anyone . It is an obvious circuit board production flaw and they should make it right but have n't . Brown lines flash or flicker or the whole screen turns brown once the monitor warms up , a sharp rap on the top will make them go away for awhile . I must get a bigger hammer . ; - -RRB-
 I have a SyncMaster 793MB which you can not use because of brown lines that appears . First I thought it was spesific to mine . But I had seen many SyncMater 793MB with the same problem . . So Samsung sucks ... How they can let this ... Obviously this is a production error ... They should annouce that they will change all 793MBs . .
 I bought one of these and within a few months , had problems . Well after calling customer care , they told me they would send out a new one and then pay to return the old one . Well , this did n't happen . They want me to pay the return shipping now -LRB- wouldnt have returned it in the first place if they would have told me this -RRB- and will not admit it was their fault . Tried to get the information to make a complaint to the company , and the supervisor gives me a bogus number . I WILL NEVER BUY ANYTHING SAMSUNG AGAIN !!!
 As said before `` Upward geometric bowing of the image is also noticeable and can not be adjusted with the user controls '' very annoying I returned it once thinking it was just a defect with one . Well needless to say same problem , then the second one was even worse . I frequently get lines across the screen distorting the image , which go away when I move it around . 140 bucks for this ?
 I thought I was getting some sort of interference on my monitor , but after reading the other reviews here it 's obvious that this monitor is defective . The lines do go away when you smack it on the side , but I 'm getting tired of doing that 3 or 4 times a day , and I only use it in the evenings.After reading reviews of other Samsung monitors , it appears the problem is widespread . Some people have gotten decent warranty service , others have not . I 'll just replace it with another brand eventually .
 October 7 , 2006 ... . That is when I purchased this unit from P.C. Richards . The salesman told me how great this television was , with absolutely `` no returns '' . The picture looked great and the price was good . I did a little research on-line , and only heard positive things about this unit . So I purchased it.After I got it home , I was able to really give it the test , without the noise from the store . The picture quality is not bad , but the sound is terrible . It 's impossible to hear this unit in a living room with kids or people talking . The volume does not go that loud , and if you do decide to turn-it-up , the sound is distorted . So , I purchased a surround sound system , and that took care of that . So if you buy this unit , be prepared to also buy a surround sound system.In July 2007 , a black line appeared on the left hand side of my screen . The unit is not even a year old , and it has to go in the shop for repairs.Maybe I just got a bad unit , or maybe there is a surprise awaiting all those happy purchasers who wrote all those great reviews .
 The FPE-3205 has an inverter problem that will kill your picture in about a year.I bought it at BJs too . Now I have a 40 # paperweight.The part is not readily available , and Audiovox will not stand behind this product .
 The bean is small , battery efficient , and has a nice overall look to it . Thats probably the only few good things that can be said about this product . This is NOT an mp3 player , it is a TRAC player . You have to convert all your mp3 's into TRAC format before the player is able to play them . You also have to install their software which for most of us is an intrusive program trying to list every music file on your HD ... this can ussually result in other people knowing what music you own especially if the software regularly communicates online . Another horror youll deal with is the slow transfer speed this device has . Just to load a single 3 meg file took an avg of 35 seconds , imagine how long 60 5 meg files would take . If your looking for an mp3 player that lets you just drag and drop your fav mp3s into the device so you can hear them hassel free this in not the player for you . This device is the Stalin of mp3 player requiring strict uncomfortable conformity play your fav songs .
 I was not happy with the MP3 player when I recieved it because the slider was broken . I had to send it back for a new one . The second one that I recieved was in excellent condition when I recieved it . My next step ... download songs . However , I then realized that you have to use SonicStage 4.0 to move songs from the internet or personal computer onto the player . I was not able to install this program on our main computer and when I called Sony they were no help ! I then put the installation disk into an older computer at our house and it worked . Needless to say it is a hassle to have to go through all this work . Finally I got a few songs onto the player , but then I had trouble getting the USB to pop out when I moved the slider . I think that Sony needs to make the player more friendly with other computer programs and work on the slider !
 Hardware awesome , software a flop . Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed . I will give you the final nail on the coffin for me . I tried to put Podcasts on the device using the latest SonicStage 4 . No chance . It wants to be able to find each `` artist '' in the Sony library . This was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.I had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now . Shame as the hardware was A1 . -LRB- if you do n't believe SonicStage is B A D then google it up or look at the other Sony player reviews since they all use the same SonicStage -RRB-
 Ok everybody , this product was not a good buy for me at all ! I strongly encourage you not to buy it because it is very poor quality.Problem # 1 - My uncle gave me a CD with all of the songs that I wanted to put on my Bean . This CD was from the free section on Music Match . We figured it was easier this way because we would n`t have to purchase the songs from Sony Connect . The transfer was succesful , but then after about 1-2 months of listening to them , they stopped playing . When I tried to play the songs , the Bean would display a sign saying , `` CAN NOT PLAY . '' All of the songs that I had gotten from my uncle would not work . Only the sample songs would play.Problem # 2 - After Problem # 1 had occured , my father called Sony and they said that the bit rate was too low . This was fine with us because it meant that we would just have to get all of my songs from Sony Connect . After we called , my Bean worked only because I had downloaded one of my albums onto it . But still , the buttons would n`t work and it would also stop a song over and over while I was trying to listen to it . Unlike other MP3 players , there is no way -LRB- that I know of -RRB- to ajust the sensitivity on the Bean , so it makes the problem even harder to deal with . So my father printed out the manual to it and we tried to find the answer to the problem . That mission was unsuccessful.Problem # 3 - I have n`t used my Bean in quite a while , but yesterday I decided to charge it up and see if it would work . I took it out of the case it was in and I went to plug it into the computer . To my surprise , it was n`t plugging in because the built-in plug would not snap into place as it usually does . My father and I have not yet figured out a solution to this problem and we are going to take it back to Sony and see what they can do.Overall , folks , this is a horrible MP3 player because it will give you a lot of problems . The only reason I gave this product 2 stars is because the color and screen are nice and because the sound is pretty good .
 Hardware awesome , software a flop . Since you HAVE to use their software the package is destroyed . I will give you the final nail on the coffin for me . I tried to put Podcasts on the device using the latest SonicStage 4 . No chance . It wants to be able to find each `` artist '' in the Sony library . This was bad for the odd bit of music it could not find but obviously it can not find the podcasts in their library.I had bought one of these and had considered one for the girlfriend - no chance now . Shame as the hardware was A1 . -LRB- if you do n't believe SonicStage is B A D then google it up or look at the other Sony player reviews since they all use the same SonicStage -RRB-
 would have been a great buy , but one side of the audio connection is not working .
 Buying this product was a huge mistake . I urge you to refrain from buying any type of Sony product that uses Sony Connect . It is the worst software when it comes to adding music to the player.The player itself was okay , great battery life , so-so screen , great idea with the USB connect . All of this is washed out because of Sony Connect . It makes adding music to the player because of share rights . Basically CD 's that you own and burn to your computer are useless . Customer service is terrible . That 's right Sony , I am calling you out of your hole . I will never buy another Sony product -LRB- which I consider their other proucts great -RRB- because of my distaste for Sony Connect.DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT . I HATE YOU SONY !
 Notice , all the happy ... five star ratings , are from people that JUST bought this MP3 . I have had mine for 9 months.I have had this MP3 since Christmas 2005 . I bought the white 512 for my son at the same time . Whith in 3 weeks , my son 's was no longer working at all , he had it in his back pack , and some how it got crunched enough to never work again !! I was not happy . Also in a few months , mine started to have issues . The very `` tiny '' menu button is rediculous . And the main toggle was a complete failure for Sony . I accually removed the cover to the toggle , and just moved the joy stick under it , to change songs , or volume . How stupid . I am so mad about this MP3 player . I am going to buy a Creative V. I have done a lot of research this time , and I will not buy another Sony . The hold button , that is part of this sliding door never works , I find the player dead in my gym bag , all the time !!! Apparently , the door slides over a bit , and the player will turn on , FOR HOURS , and than you have a dead player . Maybe Sony should have given us a on/off button , than this would not happen ! Dont do it folks , look into other options , even my mom 's iPod Nano is better designed than this joke of an MP3 player .
 Good thing first , efficient on battery , convenient and compact . . doubles up as flash drive and no cables except headphone to carry around to charge . Thats it.As most of the other reviewers have said this product is absolutely useless because of low IQ software people working in SONY . utterly non user friendly.I develop software for a living and I am not afraid to use new software ... even though I was able to use the software the main drawbacks are the over smartness of software where it tries to control the music piracy . . I had 1gb of Atrac songs on this player from my computer . Then one day my computer HDD crashed . I was kind of thankful that I had saved atleast 1 GB of music on this bean walkman . Atleast all the hours I spent in transfering did not go waste.As soon as I fixed the new HDD and tried to transfer the songs back to my computer . . the useless sony softwre will not take the music files back ... I tried every trick and even the sony customer support could not help me -LRB- a very indifferent group of people -RRB- . It is a rotten piece of software and that makes this efficient device a waste of money.Of course transfering the files to this player is an entirely diff story and I dont want to go abt that . . It is absolutely infuriating !
 I knew from the beginning I did not want an ipod because everyone had one . My sister owns a Sony NW-E507 Mp3 Flash player and she enjoys it a lot . So , I thought I would try the Sony Walkman Bean because I thought since the NW-E507 worked so well and we already had SonicStage installed on our computer -LRB- I also did not want the same Mp3 player as my sister -RRB- . Well , when I got the `` bean '' I thought it was pretty cool . It had a built in flash drive which was very handy , however the flimsy cover did not impress my very much . I was almost positive that within a week it was going to break ... and I was right . Another thing I did not like about the bean was that the control buttons were small and it was difficult for me to turn up the volume without stopping the song or changing albums . I am usually adept when it comes to technology but this Mp3 player is a little bit tricky . I must say one positive thing about it and that is changing the time and date settings was easier than on the NW-E507 -LRB- plus , the name is cooler . ha ha -RRB-
 I do n't normally write these things , but this is a special case ... I have 7,000 + MP3s . The bundled software - which MUST be used to transfer files to the player - took well over two hours to create a library . Even WMP can do it in less than 15 minutes . So far , so bad.Once I finally got a library created , I found that I could not use my MP3s without a time-consuming and glitchy conversion to what -LRB- I think -RRB- is a proprietary Sony format . This is crap.I returned this player and got a Samsung YP-T7J , which I am very pleased with . Drag-and-drop , no terrible -LRB- and boy do I mean TERRIBLE -RRB- bundled software supplied or required , and no compatibility surprises.Skip this one , people . It 's REALLY bad .
 When i first got my bean , i loved it . Clear sound , unparallelled battery life ... I gave it a 5-star review.However , both my bean and my sister 's have since quit working without any apparent cause . My sister sent hers in for repair , and it came back good as new ... only to quit working again a month later.I am not going to bother with getting my bean repaired ... My advice
 The Sony Bean is junk ; the access door is weak and breaks easily . Mine broke after using for 2 months , the warranty is 3 months but since this was a Christmas present , the warranty had expired . Sony offered to do a exchange for the unit at a price that exceed the purchase price by $ 30 . I would never purchase a Sony Bean again . Additionally I am very disappointed is Sony 's proposed resolution to the issue.I now have an Ipod - it works great
 The bean is misrepresented on the box . It should say if you want to save up to 600 + song you have to sacrifice the quality of the songs . !! For good quality songs the bean will only store approx 225 songs . Sony Customer service is not direct with you until you speak to someone in `` LEVEL 2 '' if you 're not on hold for 40 minutes .
 The only way to power this mp3 is to plug it into a computer . If your battery is low , you must get your computer NOT another battery , or battery charger to fully charge the Network Walkman . The cost of running a computer for power of a Walkman is Madness . It 's cheaper to buy a lot of new batteries or a battery charger . It just so happens that the power company and the vga monitor , etc. . . does not support the Bean . The sliding cover is difficult to control , since it acts as part of the charging , playback and hold options . The Bean design is to hold in your hand palm between fingers . If you put it in your pocket , there goes that sliding cover . So one should walk around holding the bean in their hand . When I charged the bean and left it unused for a couple weeks , it discharged fully and I needed my vga monitor , Intel processor chip , the mother board , USB port , power supply etc. . . computer again . It also has a very unfriendly user interface . No neck strap -LRB- except China model -RRB-
 The price for a 1 gb MP3 player is very good , but I was disappointed in the construction of this Sony product . I recognize the Sony brand for quality , and was therefore disappointed at the flimsy construction of the operating switch . It was quite difficult to switch back and forth between the FM radio player and the MP3 player functions . Many times the switch `` slid '' betweem these functions . Meaning you are listing to the radio one minute and a digital song the next . Perhaps I had a uniquely misfunctioning product , but in general I would stay away from the Bean . I returned this product within one week of owning it .
 This Bean should not be allowed to carry the legendary Sony Walkman title . This thing is awful ! The proprietary software wont allow you to play the MP3 files on another computer , you can upload MP3s without using the software to transfer files , but the Bean wont let you play them . Also whoever signed off on the design should have their head checked , I dont mean the bean shape , I 'm talking about the clasp/mode-selector/flappy thingy ... its flimsy and breaks easily . When it gets bent outta place through normal use , it is ABSOLUTELY INFURIATING to try to find the files , folders and to even switch it off ! Forget it and save your beans for something else .
 This Mp3 player is somewhat good when you first get it . However , it breaks very easily . Especially the cover of the USB cable . I returned my first one because the first time I got it , the cover feel right off . So I bought another one and it worked fine for a couple months and then the MP3 player has a formatting error and I do n't know how to undo the format error .
 We purchased this in the hopes that the DVD player would be better than a refurbished pioneer we own . It was o.k. for a couple of days and then started stopping and stuttering with some dvds including some brand new ones . Also the response from the remote and the opening of the door were very slow . After a week of problems we decided it qualified as cheesy and sent it back for a refund . We have since bought a Panasonic , what an improvement . Do n't waste your money .
 This DVD player has suffered from a host of technical problems , rendering it completely useless and making it one of the worst purchases I have ever made.Though several of the problems were minor -LRB- taking up to a minute to start playing a DVD , taking a couple of minutes to eject a DVD , etc. -RRB- , there is one problem with this player that is absolutely critical : When playing DVD 's -LRB- some commercial and all recordable -RRB- for about 45 minutes to an hour , the video and sound start to freeze for longer and longer periods of time , until the point when you have to simply unplug the player because it wo n't even respond to the Eject button being pressed.Samsung recommended updating the firmware , but the player froze part way through the update , and now it 's completely unresponsive ! The fan is on when the player is off , but turns off when the player is on ! The DVD drawer wo n't open , and the unit will absolutely not respond to any commands at all ! Now it has all the functionality of a brick . It 's out of the warranty period , so now I 'm stuck with a $ 250 doorstop . Even Samsung 's customer service was terrible!I 've purchased a lot of electronics in my day , and this is by far the purchase I regret the most .
 I put the firmware on this thing to fix the freeze problem . Now it does not work at all . The install died in the middle . I 've tried to call Samsung , but after being on hold for several hours , I gave up . I 've emailed service three times over two weeks , and have not gotten a response . I recently bought one of their LCD HDTVs , and I really like it . Sure hope it does not break because I do n't think I could reach service to fix it . I WILL NEVER BUY A SAMSUNG PRODUCT AGAIN !!!!!
 Same as some of the other reviews on this product ... . After about an hour or so of play , the DVD player starts skipping , stuttering , etc. . Even on brand new DVD 's . I have seen similar complaints about this model .
 I just want to echo some of the other reviews in that if you attempt to update the firmware it will destroy the machine . Mine locked up and would not open the DVD drawer after failing the update . I just wish I could rescue all the recordings that I have made with it but had not yet finalized . Any solutions ?
 PLAYS FINE , BUT WHEN I ATTEMPTED TO COPY , COULD NOT GET `` COPY '' ON THE MENU GOT A MESSAGE THAT READS THIS FEATURE DOES NOT EXIST , IT IS A RECORDER AND HAS ALL THE FEATURES LISTED ON THE REMOTE .
 This is one of the most regrettable purchases I 've ever made . After working fine for about 6 months , little ` quirks ' began creeping into its operation , until becoming constant
 I know that the freezing problem and the problem of firmware updates completely hosing this device have been numerously mentioned , but I thought I 'd add my name to the list . Mine is also now nothing but a vcr as the dvd tray wo n't open after a firmare update.I also wanted to mention the poor DVD compatibility . I tried 5 different brands of DVDs -LRB- all DVD-R -RRB- before finding one this thing would take . Even then , it would quite often record for about 5 seconds , then freeze and you had to power the unit off and on . -LRB- the reason for me attempting the failed firmware update -RRB- . I had to do this several times before the thing would finally keep recording.Another annoyance was the fact that the title of the DVD -LRB- what you see in windows explorer -RRB- when you stick it in your computer was always SAMSUNG DVD . Why bother going through the painstaking process of naming the disc with the remote ? I could n't ever figure out anywhere that name was actually used.Like other reviewers , I also found it annoying how long it took the device to recognize a DVD -LRB- and even MUCH longer for it to recognize a blank DVD-R -RRB- . Seriously , I 'd put the DVD in , THEN start popping the popcorn and hope that it would be playing by the time I got back.Samsung also only ever published one firmware update , which even if you do get it to work , does n't seem to fix anything . This device should have never made it to market . I will definitely be VERY wary of Samsung products in the future .
 a DVD VR 320 . And it has been in the shop twice already , Under warranty . Right now it is in New Jersey at Samsung 's CVE repair center getting worked on for the exact problem that you are describing ! 2nd time around . I found a link on the web , that said this was a problem related to OVER HEATING . What is happening is that the power supply overheats , you can feel the heat comming out of the back of the combo unit blowing , and then dust builds up , and then '' '' '' Its skips , freeze frames on you during play back , I even had to unplug the thing just to get it going again ! ... The Unit does what it is suppose to do , otherwise , this issue has really `` Irritated me greatly '' ... . I 've not had it freeze during burning , but I have wondered about that ? UM ? I 've e-mailed samsung on this problem to their main office , and to their actual repair center , and still no response from anyone ! Its still sitting in New Jersey RIGHT NOW!I 've been without a machine for 2 months almost ? This sucks ! I paid almost close to $ 300.00 for it , and now I had to pay the 30.00 repair fee under warranty , and shipping cost the first time around . NOW , I have more invested in it , and do n't even have it ! I `` m frustrated . Something is up ! Again this is theDVR-VR 320 Combo unit that does just about what the 325 does . I 've had nothing but trouble with it ! :-LRB- sorry , samsung , I 'm just tellin it like it is . You have the unit in your possession right now . What are you going to do about this situation on my hands ?? Contact me ! You have the unit.Samsung is Stone Walling me right now ... No player back yet , , No communication from them yet . . Watch out ! I even called the Repair center in New Jersey , no reponse from them either !
 Listed as new in Amazon offering but the obvious extensive hand written marking on box and torn areas of box makes the unit appear to be something other than new . Unit was delivered quickly .
 This unit was purchased to transfer home videos to DVD . Once I got the hang of it , it was great ! Yes , the door opened slowly but I thought it was just that it took time for the disc to get started and stop . The simple chapter and title features were just what I wanted to break up the DVD for searching around . The transfer of VHS video to DVD went well for a while , maybe eight times , but then it would stop recording after 30 seconds . That became frustrating so I tried running my original 8mm canon camcorder tapes through the camera 's out plugs to the DVD . That worked well for about six more DVD 's , then after about a week , it started to display the ERROR signal that another reviewer mentioned . That never went away . It also said signal not detected . So it was detecting neither the camera , the cable box , the tv nor it 's own built in VHS tape input.When it worked , I could record on DVD-RW but those would not play in any other medium . The DVD-R seemed to work well -LRB- following the manufacturer 's suggested brands -RRB- but some failed which was a big waste of time and DVDs . Perhaps every third one failed . I returned this unit after about a month because it just did n't work anymore . May be mine was just a lemon but , what a disappointment .
 You will regret this purchase . I jumped into buying it on impulse , primarily based on the lower price -LRB- $ 169.00 when I bought it compared to about $ 250 for the next cheapest model -RRB- . Learn about DVD formats before buying a DVD recorder -- this one only records onto DVD-R or DVD-RW disks , which means it will not be compatible with disk players that only take DVD+R disks , such as my computer . Also , despite trying every recording format , I can not get it to play on my older DVD player . If you are content on building a library that can only be played on this DVD player , then buy it . Otherwise , look for MULTI-FORMAT DVD recorders that record on and play all DVD formats . Furthermore , the recorder can not seem to record on long play , which allows for four hours of recordings on one disk , versus the standard two hours . I was never able to finalize a disk on which I attempted to record four hours of shows , and I wasted hours and hours of time trying to do so . Ugh . Completely disappointed with the product and aggravated with myself for rushing into the purchase !!
 Like in many other reveiews here , my player will play a dvd for a bit over an hour then starts pixelating , stuttering and eventually freezes . I called Samsung and they made me add firmware which busted the whole player , then I had to return it to a repair shop in New Jersey . After waiting a few weeks I finally received the dvd player and began to watch a movie with my family . At the climax of the film -LRB- Meryl Streep dying in One Fine Thing -RRB- the movie started pixelating and eventually froze . My family looked at me like they were in shock !! I hate this player !!!!!
 Bought this to copy some old tapes to DVD and it seemed to do ok at that although the interface is a bit clunky . However , it -LRB- like another Samsung DVD player I own from a couple years ago -RRB- wo n't play all comercial DVDs . I tested it with Matrix and it pixilated frequently during action scenes and hung up for several seconds at the layer change . Then it froze frequently until the end . Put the DVD in my old Hitachi player and no problems so it was n't the DVD . I took it back and will try another I guess . Maybe the Toshiba .
 I bought this at the end of January and everything was fine at first . It was easy to operate and the quality of the recordings was good . After 2 1/2 months , however , the VCR developed a problem.If I set the timer , all I get is sound and a gray screen with flickers of the program I recorded . I get the same thing with my already recorded tapes . It appears to have a tracking problem . It went back to Samsung for repairs , but it still does n't work properly . Only the ` automatic ' recording feature wll produce a viewable tape , and I still ca n't watch any of my previously recorded.I purchased this unit so I could convert my tapes to DVD and feel as though I 've wasted my money on this unit . It will go back to Samsung again tomorrow.The DVD portion works fine but if you want a VCR , too , buy something that works .
 I saw this drive for $ 109 at my local office supply store , so I thought I 'd try one . I should have searched the Web for `` maxtor onetouch problems '' first.After about 5 hours work , the drive is working fine . Along the way , I discovered several tips which are not in Maxtor 's -LRB- now Seagate 's -RRB- knowledgebase . First , setting the backup schedule to `` never '' while leaving automatic backups to `` on '' puts the driver into an infinite loop which will completely disable your computer -- even if you then disconnect the drive and reboot . So if you want to just do backups by pushing the button , set automatic backups to `` off '' and leave the backup schedule set to every day . Second , real-time virus scanning will slow the software down to about one file per second . It is essential to disconnect from the net and disable your antivirus software before starting a backup . Finally , the USB connection seems to work much more reliably than the Firewire connection . If you have Firewire problems , the manufacturer 's troubleshooting guide will have you connect the drive via USB , so you might as well start with USB.On the positive side , backups are performed as file-by-file copies . That 's infinitely better than backups that go into a compressed database , should you be concerned about backup integrity or recovery of individual files .
 I have two One-Touch III 500G drives attached to different computers . After a month of good performance , both of them started to unmount unexpectedly . Sometimes during computer sleep , and once in the middle of a session where I lost all my work.When this happens , the heads appear to be stuck in park postition , because they wo n't even go to `` ready '' state when disconnected from the computer . The platter spins , but the sound of a head moving is missing.I have been able to coax them back to life by bumping them on the table while the disk is spinning . Once I hear the head moving again , I can connect the drive and it works for awhile.Tech support is either oblivious to this problem or they are n't admitting to it . I 've talked to two support people and I 've given up on that route . Sending them back is a lost cause also because the drive is sure to work after being bounced around in the mail truck . And , since I 've got two of them that exhibit the same problem , there 's a strong probability that this is a design flaw .
 When looking for a larger storage solution I asked friends in IT departments what they use and this drive came recommended to me as being good . Unfortunately that has n't been my experience . I ordered one from an online seller and it arrived DOA . Not five minutes after unpacking and connecting I was calling Maxtor only to learn that the unit was defective . Not having learned my lesson , I bought another one and now after only 6 months use , it 's died with my data lost . That info will never be retrieved and I 'm sure your info is valuable enough to you that you do n't want to be in this position so DO NOT BUY THIS DRIVE ! 3 weeks later ... Well , this review column is turning into a blog for me . After the last Maxtor hard drive died they promptly sent me a refurbished model . I set it up roughly 3 weeks ago and now it 's making strange noises . After another call to Maxtor/Seagate , it looks like this one 's on its way to Hard Drive Heaven . I have yet to encounter such a poor product as this hard drive and it 's consistent failure . Let 's hope the fourth one 's a charm . To their credit , Maxtor/Seagate have agreed to replace this model with a Seagate hard drive . The support team there has been very accomodating but I wish I did n't need their support so regularly . My advice to anyone considering buying one of these Maxtor One Touch 3 drives is to look elsewhere .
 Everything worked fine for a while . I installed the software and transferred all of my music to the drive . It worked great for a few months . Then , the power light started to flicker . Soon after , it would n't even turn on . It was useless . I contacted the manufacturer . They sent a new power supply that did n't fix it . I tried everything . It would n't work on any PC , or plugged into any outlet . By this time the warranty was expired . I found out it costs $ 1700.00 to recover the data ! I took it apart , and put the harddrive in a harddrive enclosure . Thank goodness I have not lost my data . This external drive was a nightmare ! Seems like its made to stop working right when the warranty runs out .
 I 've bought this hard drive in January 2007 . It worked OK until September 07 , when it just died . It was not on most of the time , I 've switched it on for few minutes once every few weeks when I had new digital photos , so overall it probably did not work more than a couple of hours .
 Wow . That 's the last time I buy anything from Maxtor . This drive worked great for the first 3-5 weeks ... Then ... Well , it seemed to have difficulty getting up to speed -LRB- internally -RRB- . The light would come on , but the disks would not spin . If I left it on for an hour or maybe four , it would eventually kick into gear and was good to go.After about two months of faithful -LRB- that 's laughable -RRB- service , the light did n't come on any more . So the old expression `` Light 's on , nobody 's home '' was no longer valid as a descriptor for this device.I now have a lovely paperweight on my desk , and I ca n't help but think to myself , `` Why in the world did n't I just buy a Western Digital ? `` Everything was tested from the get go . I used a multimeter to check voltage on my UPS before added any device . The UPS software reported no voltage anomalies during the life of the device . The device was stored at proper temperature , was no bumped or jarred , had adequate breathing room , and was routinely cleaned -LRB- properly -RRB- . After babying the device for some eight to twelve months , it still failed me.I might add that the software that comes on the device is loaded with is criminally inefficient . You 're much better off without it.They just pushed the device past it 's innovation and straight to product.I suppose if you 're looking for a test subject to show the effects of giant magnets on poorly built hard drives , then this is the product for you !
 I bought this drive and within a week it began making seriously abnormal startup sounds -LRB- grating like the spindle was off balance or something -RRB- . I contacted Seagate and they replaced this unit with a REFURBISHED unit - I BOUGHT a NEW units !!! About three months later this refurbished replacement started to do the very same thing . Now , my warranty is past and Seagate wo n't make good on their responsibility to replace a defective drive with a NON-defective drive . Just waiting for the inevitable crash and/or total startup failure and will NEVER buy from Seagate again . They should be sued .
 I was happy with this drive while it worked . Unfortunately , after 18 months of using it for weekly backups of my desktop PC , my computer no longer recognized it . Tried it with my laptop - same thing . Called customer service and tried their suggestions . It was concluded that the drive was bad , and was not freely replacable , as it was no longer under warantee . Lost some files that were too large to store on DVD . Also , am currently without a backup device . Just ordered an external hard drive from another manufacturer that offers a five year warantee . Lesson learned
 Not only does my drive not work -LRB- after one big whopping use -RRB- , but their tech support is worthless . I have NEVER felt so rushed off the phone . I plan on staying away from this company from now on .
 I purchased the 500GB one touch III about six weeks ago , and 2 days ago it produced the same problem everyone else is talking about . The only difference being that I ca n't even get the drive to power up now . I have purchased another drive of the same model , but to no avail so I returned it . The only options I have left are to send it back to Maxtor for one of their replacement drives and pay $ 1700 to have the files recovered , or I can crack the case and buy an external casing to put the SATA drive in . Obviously I am going to try the second option , but that means I run the risk of producing futher damge , and also void any warranty . This seems like a horrible place to be , and Seagate is in now way taking responsiblity for this obvious manufacturing defect . BTW , if anyone has suggestions on how to safely transfer a drive let me know ...
 I do n't know why this product lasted less than 2 years . One of them is blowned out , and the other one is ratteling already . My car is old Honda Civic 1997 with a the underpower &#34; original radio &#34; and no amp . Also , I do not listen to music that loud . What a dissapointment .
 Driven with a 65 watt per channel amp . Bass is OK but high end is way too shrill . Do n't recommend these speakers .
 It was not the correct measurement as what the box stated , i ordered the db5651 and the db651s . They are surrosed to be the same diameter and they are not .
 These speakers are pretty average . Bought for my 2003 Honda Civic Ex.I 'm going give you the short story . These have great reviews because you will generally like them but for the price you can get better or 2 pairs -LRB- that means 4 speaks for same price - try kenwood or jvc . Like your self i spents hours looking at speakers and at the end of the day these will perform just like any other good brand for cheaper . They are also just as likely to blow or go bad ... mines were good for few days.if you have same car you will need a pair of mount unless you all ready had mounts.and when you take off the door panel be gentle when you pop clips from where you hold on door they break easily.when drilling for mount installation make sure the glass is up . drill might slip from force to make holes and go in too much if your glass is down then your drill bit will hit the glass and well you wont just have speaker issues.but make sure you have room as well after putting in speakers for the glass to come down . with the mount installed though you should n't have any issues . also dont forget there are screw 2 of them where the door handle is . in total you should only have to remove 4 screws when taking off the door . 2 right by metal clip to open door and two inside plastic cover to hold on to door.the first two screws that you see with the naked eye leave alone.finally i did not add a amp just regular car radio . I 'm going to get diff speakers and put in amp though with much larger speaker in the trunk .
 I installed one of these polk DB651s in my 2003 pontiac Vibe to test it outthe GOOD
 I replaced my blown JBL audio stock speakers with these because they were recommended by a few people online , but they suck . Aftermarket speakers with a factory amp sound like s ** t , seriously , I get more sound from the factory tweeters than the speakers !!! If you have a factor amp , stay away . The only recommendation I have to buy is if you are installing directly to an aftermarket stereo , or connecting them to an amp individually .
 Honestly , I have listened to many speakers but those speakers are just terrible . I did not even know that speaker can be completely without bass . This is very weird , especially for the price you pay and for the brand , but they do n't have bass at all . They might be good for symphonic , classical , pop or any quiet music . If you listen to rap , techno , rock or metal you will not hear any bass at all . Worst speakers ever heard .
 These speakers fit in my 2013 Jeep Wrangler roll-over bard with no issues . They just do n't produce the sound quality I am looking for . Also one speaker blew out with only being connected to the factory radio without any amp . I am not impressed with these . I will be replacing them with some 6.5 KICKER Subs .
 I installed these in my 2012 Honda Pilot . The highs and mids are much clearer but there is no bass compared to the OEM speakers . I received these speaker as a Christmas present . I installed them on January 3rd . January 30th one of the speakers blew while I was listening at a moderate level . These speakers were purchased on Amazon.com but from seller Amazing Deals Online . It is to late for a return and Amazing Deals Online is not an authorized dealer on Polk Audio 's website so the 1 year warranty is VOID . Now I have speakers that I installed less than thirty days ago that can not be exchanged , returned , repaired or warrantied . Thanks POLK AUDIO .
 only at the last step when I was buying the Lowepro Micro Trekker 200 Camera Backpack , I was informed that the delivery cost in Switzerlad was the same price of the bag ! I tried to cancel the order and after few second I was sent to the final page for an automatic confirm.At the end I had to buy the camera backpack with a price much higher of any shop in Switzerland!Furthermore after few days I 've also get a mail for the costumer cost at the border these cost were not mentioned in the amazon web site.in conclusion , i have got the bag after three days in perfect condition but with a crazy price , without any possibility to stop the process while i was buying it .
 I took this back to the shop after a weekend with it , before even having the photos developed.Reasons :1 . the zoom control has a kind of `` delayed-action '' effect to it that makes it extremely annoying and difficult to frame your shot quickly .2 . The shutter release has even more of a delay . Forget action shots unless you photograph sloths and tortoises ... 3 . The case it comes with is huge . I ca n't see the point of making a camera so small then supplying a case so large.Having said all this , the results from the one film I put through it were fine . So if you take pictures of things that do n't move and you do n't mind lugging the enormous case around , you may be happy.PS . I swapped it for a Canon Sure Shot 120 Classic which is everything this is n't .
 I was looking for a compact 35mm zoom camera , I wanted a camera to take the place of my clumsey Canon AE1 . After some research I chose the Pentax 115G . After A trip to Europe I developed 20 rolls of film , boy was I disapointed with the results ? I did not expect the clarity and quality that my AE1 would achieve , however the results were terrible . Out of focus and bad exposures were common . I returned the Pentax to my dealer and exchanged it for a Canon sureshot 120 classic . Now your talking fine picture quality , ease of use and superior features were normal for this unit , in fact I would go as far as to say the results were as good or better than my SLR .
 I got this printer with my new Gateway system a little over a year ago and it died . Using less than 1 cartridge I would think it would last a little longer . The paper would lock into place and get stuck in that one place . I do n't recommend this printer
 I have a Epson Stylus 600 . The quality of the print is good , but , the quality of the printer is not . The printer only good for about 800 pages , then the nozzle broke , and the printer does not work any more . So is a friend of mine with his Epson Stylus 870 . I would like to doubt the durability of Epson ink jet printers .
 This program does not do at all what it claims to do on the package . I have not been able to print pictures as I want to - multiple pictures on one page . It is not user friendly at all . I have a lot of experience with a variety of applications and I have not run into one like this yet .
 PERFECT PHOTOPRINTERSOFTWAREPUBLISHER
 I am not one to write reviews , but this one is so bad I just have to ! I have many programs for all sorts of photo editing and photo printing . Some are great and some need work . But this has got to be the worst program I ever spent my money on . The box image and cover program description make a consumer feel that you can print multiple pictures on one sheet of , as they quote `` expensive photo paper '' with great ease and little effort . There is no simple way to set up one sheet with multiple size photos let alone multiple images as they seem to advertise . There also is n't a tutorial book , just a two sided 8 X 10 sheet that tells you nothing . I had to go on line to even find out the following info on how to print `` multiple '' images.What you have to do is set up ONE photo in their program , pick multiple prints , pick out what size you want , print that , set up the next photo , put that same sheet of `` expensive photo paper '' back into your printer making sure it is in the proper position and alignment , print that photo , and so on until you have filled up your `` expensive photo paper '' with the images in the various sizes that you want . On top of that I could not find a `` print preview '' to double check that where I wanted the photo was exactly where it was supposed to be . What if you did put something in the wrong place and you printed over the first , second , or whatever picture . Not only have you wasted another `` expensive sheet of photo paper '' , you have also wasted expensive ink.Please take this review as a warning . Even if the program was free ... it still would n't be worth it . Save your money , I wish I had !!!!!
 I have had this printer for almost four years now , and while it has saved my bacon on the road a number of times , it has also really let me down at some crucial moments . First , like a lot of older Canon printers , it is noisy and slow . It takes forever to get started on a page . But also like a lot of canons , when it is working right the output is beautiful.But you can not count on finding ink cartridges for this printer on the road . It also has a weird and unpleasant ink cartridge system which includes two very different little trays , and three different kinds of tank.But what made me finally leave the thing in a hotel room was its tendency to get halfway through a print job and jam or inexplicably give an error signal . I have spent hours trying to get a clean copy of a single transparency . Very frustrating .
 Another piece of junk disguised as a portable printer ! -LRB- Read my review of the HP 350 portable . -RRB- On this unit , the paper feed mechanism failed after 3 months -- repaired under warranty . Last week it stopped putting ink down at my client 's facility -LRB- really embarrassing -RRB- . It spite of `` 5 deep cleanings , '' a new catridge , and 5 more deep cleanings the printer would only print blank pages.I was then forced to go out a buy HP 's new portable - the 450 -LRB- I 'm keeping my fingers crossed -RRB- so I could continue working .
 I received the Bjc-85 portable printer . I have plugged it into many electrical outletts in my home and office . The item will not turn on . I was sold a broken printer . I am very unhappy with this product .
 I bought a BJC-85 used last year for taking to court with me . I used it once . I was tickled ! Its stayed in my office since then , as I 've had to reason to use it . When I did , it kept giving me an error message . I took it out yesterday to try to figure out what was wrong
 This printer was broken out of the box . I had it repaired by an authorized dealer and it worked great for a month . When I took it to a conference , it worked for about 10 pages and then broke again . It really let me down . I carried the printer around in the original packaging to protect it so it was n't abused . Now I 'm in the market for a printer that will actually work .
 I really wonder why people rave at this printer . It 's terribly slow and the color output is truly awful . In addition if you do n't use the printer every day the ink drys up in no time although this is not too much to worry about because after 3 pages you probably have run out if ink anyway.I suppose if you want a portable printer it 's ok , but otherwise forget it .
 I purchased two of these on Ebay just to get one complete working unit . I ca n't say I 'm too pleased with it . It 's noisy and does an awful lot of clicking and clacking to start , print a page , or shut down . The error light seems to come on too often , and figuring out what 's wrong with it is a real challenge . The cartridge replacement is a hassle and if you 're not fast enough the cartridge returns to its home position and wo n't come back out . The combination of buttons you need to push to get it out again is ridiculous -LRB- e.g. , one of the steps involves pushing the cartridge button 16 times ! No kidding ! -RRB- The battery dies in a few days even if the printer is turned off ; I guess there 's some power consumption even when it 's off . Besides , it 's about twice the size and weight of the BJC-50 . Let 's just say , I 'm still looking for a solution to my portable printing needs .
 This would be a nice printer . If only I could get it to print ! Not to mention when I turn it on it makes a god awful sound like some thing is jammed . I 've tried over and over to try to print something . I 've checked my options , turned it on and off and still it sits there not printing . If your looking for a portible printer you have other options and I suggest using them .
 Aside from the fact that it 's difficult to find a way to remove the drives - no screws that I 've found , I got a run around when trying to obtain tech support . It seems that a common problem is with the CD drive door eventually opening and closing non-stop without being able to read a disk . Compaq would n't even send me a restore disk that was n't included when I bought my computer new . Of course , they would let me buy one which I did n't . My extended warranty is basically worthless , and all Compaq and HP did was try to get me to pay even more money for additional phone support . It looks like I 'll have to pay for a new CD drive myself or fix it . I 'd never buy another Compaq or HP product . To me , service and reliability go hand in hand .
 I bought this computer in March . It is the worst computer that I have had . The CD - Writer , only works half the time . I have the 40 gb hard drive and every time you go over 10 gb , you have to restore the computer . The CD-ROM drive does not close anymore , you have to push it in . There is a short on the left speaker , it does not work anymore . The computer has many lock-ups and freezes . Some times windows does not even start-up . I would recommend Gateway or Dell , they have a lot more opitions , and better value than compaq
 This is one of the loudest printer I have ever bought . I bought this printer because it was a photo printer and I needed one . This printer is so loud . This printer also gets the paper jamed . I bought a Epson C84 inkjet printer and it is so quiet and fast . I recommend the Epson Stylus C84 instead of the Hp 7260 printer .
 I 've had the HP Photosmart 7260 for about one year and have experienced similar problems
 I 've found this printer to be , overall , annoying and frustrating . The paper tray will not hold a large amount of paper , necessitating frequent refills . Print quality is decent , but banding appears when printing some pictures.The HP software included with the printer is awful . It runs three -LRB- 3 -RRB- programs in the background , when only one would suffice . When ink is low , it is curteous enough to remind you to refill it EVERY SINGLE TIME you start the computer or attempt to print something . Turning the printer on and off is a hassle , as the button will only respond if the printer is not busy ; this means that everytime it 's locked up or confused -LRB- by no means a rare occasion -RRB- , you must unplug the printer to reset it . Plugging it back in will automatically cause the printer to turn back on , whether you want it to or not . Turning the printer on means that the ink writer inside must move around pointlessly for a few minutes before you can print . If the printer happens to be folded up -LRB- one of the best features for those of us with small desks -RRB- and automatically turns on , the writer will bang up against the paper tray until you unfold it , as it is n't intelligent enough to sense when the tray is folded up inside.I 've had problems such as these with every HP I 've had . Next time I 'm going with a different brand .
 HP and other companies talk about costumer service and ask costumers to use the same brand inks and things like this . But on the other , when a new OS comes out , they do not bother to produce the same set of tools for the new OS . In this case , if you upgrade to Win7 , you are no longer able to see ink level and ask the printer to clean the cartridge because , the new HP toolbox does no longer have service option ! So get rid of your printer and buy a new HP ! This and many other dirty tricks from HP made me put HP in the black list for printers .
 I was not pleased with this product.It was beat up and there was n't any software or ink cartridges with the product that was to be with the printer.So I was unable to make the printer work without the software program.I wish I could get some feedback support on how to get my money back from this product.Thank you.Unhappy Don .
 It worked for years , nicely printing many photos but ... Problems : If for some reason if the Mac or PC did n't understand what 4x6 was , the printer would go ahead and print full width even when I had 4x6 photo paper loaded , it would basically spread ink all over the innards making a mess which I could n't clean up , occasionally leaving black smudges on other prints.Printing via Mac or PC was always a gamble . I never knew if it would actually print the size I wanted , costing time , and ink.One day recently , the printer stopped working . It stopped feeding paper . Tech support chat Charles said it would be cheaper to buy a new printer than fix it . They suggested a bunch of printers > $ 100 . But they would n't take back the $ 200 worth of cartridges I was expecting to use on my dead printer . I would n't get another printer that uses these cartridges since they do n't have separate color ink cartridges , which is a smarter way to go , especially when they cost way too much.I do n't feel right about throwing away this printer . Nor do I think it 's fair that we have to pay this expensive subscription to print cartridges for the shoddy products . It 's an ingenious way to make money , but enough is enough.I do n't appreciate the cost of these cartridges . I think we 're subsidizing their crummy products . I do n't want to buy a printer every three years of infrequent use . I want a printer that works well and a warranty to back it up and cartridges that cost what they should .
 My girlfriend and I used this printer for less than a year before it began to give us paper troubles . It started by losing its alignment and then began to mangle the paper on its way through the printer . We both need to print plain boarding passes so you can imagine the trouble this causes when the scanners at the airports ca n't read the printed pass . We recommend that you pay a little extra and get a printer that is n't made to last a day longer than its warranty .
 I am very disappointed in this printer . It is the slowest printer that I have ever owned . It takes forever to print out a page at the normal print setting . The print head will print one line and then pause for a second and then print the next lint and pause etcetera ... etcetera , until the document is printed . I have spoken with tech support and after trying several different fixes there has been no improvement . I have tried this printer on several different machines running Windows XP PRO via a USB Cable and get the same results . I have to print in draft mode to get any kind of normal speed out of it . If you are the type of person who does n't mind a painfully slow printer -LRB- like watching the grass grow -RRB- then I guess that this printer will suffice . But if you want any kind of productivity out of one then I suggest you look else ware .
 Item does not come from listed seller , it comes from `` The Frame Shack '' and it does not have easel back or glass as described . Poorly constructed , nails in back instead of swivel hooks , looks like it was made in high school shop class .
 It looks cheap and unimpressive flashing like a carnival light at the county fair . I refused to put it in my vehicle and took it to my shop to give away to a kid as a toy .
 I hoped this would be be great device for my car . But i got it after 5 days even though being a prime member . When I think about this product again , i feel its a waste of money . this is cheap ... but still it costs . I would prefer the steering lock instead .
 Shipping was very fast . Product requires 2 AAA batteries that are NOT included . I applied the batteries and product did not turn on even after switching batteries and flipping the on/off switch a few times . After about 5 min , the product heated up to the point I couldnt touch it . I used a towel to remove the scalding hot batteries that are now wasted . Dangerous product . DO NOT BUY !
 Cheap constructed , not really believable and the holder loses its stickiness quickly so you either super glue it or it will fall again.I only liked the fact that you can replace the batteries and I use the reusable ones . But after it fell the last time , I got sick of it and do n't even use it anymore . Do n't waste your money .
 The device has 2 LEDs and the blinking alternates between those two lights . The frequency of the blinking is too fast and normally a anti-theft device has only one LED . It looks absolutely nothing like a real anti-theft device . I got it and I felt this would probably attract thieves -LRB- it 's like a freaking open invitation for thieves saying `` come ! I do n't have an alarm system installed ! '' -RRB- . I decided not to use it . Also , it 's over-priced for a simple led circuit . I will not recommend anyone to get this if you truly care about your car .
 Silly little thing does n't work . I tried different batteries but it never worked . Maybe I got a bad one ? Do n't know . It works just fine in my trash can , with all of the other things I do n't want . Good idea , but a waste of time .
 It works , but that is about all I can say . It does n't look real at all compared to any car alarm light I have seen , and it drained the two AAA batteries in less than a month despite me turning it off in the day . I would not recommend this to anyone .
 The stickers are fine and probably have some deterrent value , although they could be more imaginative as a `` fake alarm '' sticket . The leg light keeps falling off as the heat in the car causes the adhesive to melt . It keeps ending up on the floor .
 Save your money it 's junky , cheap and not worth the price.Mine stoped working in cold weather and the battery cover broke .
 Do n't waste your money . The way the two LEDs blink make this thing look like what it is ... a toy . Very disappointed . Ca n't believe I spent more than 1 dollar on such a crappy thing . Even a kid would understand that this thing is not an alarm .
 The main pro of this product is that it looks real enough . I would n't place it directly in view for a would-be robber to see because the person could tell it 's not connected to the car 's electrical system in any way -LRB- and is therefore fake -RRB- . Thankfully my radio has been stolen already so I was able to place it inside where the hole is , just showing , and it looks like it could be attached to something.The con is the thing is garbage . Yes it is cheaply made , it 's just alternates flashing lights . The battery life on this thing is ridiculous . Lasts about 3-4 days , roughly 8-10 hours per day on 2 AAA batteries . Not exactly what I was looking for . Oh well .
 This is a cheap piece of junk made in a well-known foreign Asian land known for producing junk . The two lights are NOT LED and do not flash quickly like a real security system . They are dull lights , alternating from one to the other . Do n't waste your money or batteries . Anyone will tell its fake . I threw mine in the garbage ... was n't worth sending back .
 It prints beautiful photos and gorgeous text , if you can get it to print ! It 's `` automatic '' paper reader fails to read paper . I had photo paper that it continually told me did n't exist . In a rainstorm , it would n't even recognize fresh , out-of-the-box HP premium photo paper ! It wo n't recongize envelopes as paper . unless you turn them opposite as to what the printer recommends making them very hard to format . Now my freshly bought and expensive printer cartridge has `` failed . `` If you want to keep your blood pressure within normal limits , stay away !
 If you plan to refill your own cartidges DO NOT BUY this printer . After you refill the cartidge , the HP inkjet utility will not read the new ink level . This leads to a warning before each printing . You have to stop you current work , bring the window forward , click continue each time . It took me 20 minutes to print 24 student mark updates . My old crappy Lexmark 35 did it in one click.HP support offers nothing but `` buy our over-priced cartridges at 25 % of the price of the printer .
 This printer prints wonderful photos IF you can keep it printing ! I constantly had error messages and cartridge incompatibility issues . Oh , and then there is the `` failed cartridge '' message . HP replaced the cartridge once , but I still got the error messages ! I ca n't make them understand . . it 's the PRINTER , not the cartridges ! Whatever reads the cartridges is defective and HP wo n't own up to it ! I decided to refill the cartridges and now HP wo n't even talk to me . Who can afford to buy their ink ? Their ink is over 60 dollars ! Unless you have a spare job just to keep buying cartridges for this printer forget it ! Buying a HP printer just allows the company to keep their hands deep in your pockets !
 We 've had the printer for about a year and have been very pleased with the quality of the prints . The borderless 4x6 prints are very nice . I was somewhat concerned with the flimsy lever mechanism for switching between the two print trays . Well sure enough , the lever broke . Now I ca n't switch between the two trays . Initially this was not a huge problem because we could still manually pull the 4x6 tray in and out . However , now after I 've replaced an ink cartridge , it requires printing to 8.5 x 11 sheet of paper for callibration and wo n't recognize that I 've pulled the 4x6 tray out . So now I 'm out a printer -LRB- unless anyone has any suggestions -RRB- .
 I bought this printer to replace an older hp printer that was no longer performing well . This hp 7660 is awful . I 've had it since 3/04 and it has n't worked since day one . Everything printed that is n't text is covered in blue lines . I have repeatedly done what hp techs have suggested and it has n't worked . No wonder this printer is selling so cheaply now . If you look on hp 's website it even says `` Pictures printed on photo paper on the HP Photosmart 7660 , 7760 , and 7960 printers may exhibit track markings . These markings appear as dots in a straight line . These printers use special wheels , called `` star wheels , '' to pull the paper through the printer while printing to the edge of the page . These star wheels may cause marks noticeable under some conditions . '' Even happens using the premium paper like is suggested . Save your money - do n't buy this product !! update - in fairness to hp , they are sending me a new printer in exchange for the old one and it was n't very difficult . my only guess is that a lot of people are having the same problem and they recognize that .
 Confusing on what cartridges to use -- two slots , 3 choices . Also can not determine how to print photos in black and white -- have to remove the color cartridge to print in grayscale or b/w , no matter the settings . Tech help is not very knowledgeable . Have had good luck in past with HP , but very disappointed in 7660 -LRB- and cartridges are extremely expensive ! -RRB-
 I was very happy with the 7550 for one of my computers and after reading the discriptions for the 7660 , I thought `` great - uses the same cartridges as the 7550 '' . What I did n't read in the discription was costly
 I bought this 7660 in 2005 and overall it worked pretty well . Then all of a sudden the light next to the power button started blinking red . No error message as there is no display on the screen . Tried to follow HP 's instruction for a hard reboot but if the green light is not on , it will not allow you to remove the ink cartridges as required . Got online with a service tech and was told to buy another printer . I will get a Canon .
 I bought this printer with high hopes in the summer of 2004 . Thought it was the best thing ever . A month later , I got the ` cartridge error ' which is n't a cartridge error at all , it 's a faulty cable . They sent me a free one . Same EXACT thing happened to my friend who bought the printer a couple weeks after me - sent her a new cable , all was well - for about a month . Still under warranty , they sent her another cable and it worked again . All was well with mine until yesterday . No longer under warranty -LRB- I think a printer should last longer than a year - my Lexmark is seven years old ! -RRB- Now they want to charge me for a new cable ! Over $ 40 . This is a lemon and I am pursuing a complaint with the Better Business Bureau . Search online - you 'll find other EXACTLY the same complaints .
 I bought this printer when i bought my g5 at an excellent price , because the price was $ 150 but with a rebate of 100 $ , anyways i was so happy with my new mac and my `` photosmart printer '' that was supossed to work perfectly ... but after 1 month i realized this printer was driving me crazy , it prints so slow and is so noisy i could n't stand it so i sold it and bought a brand new epson stylus rx 600 i 'll post my review on that one any other time ... if u want this for printing ms word documents be my guest , if you use graphic programs such as photoshop , illustrator or another one just forget about buying this printer
 I get paper size error messages all the time . No way to solve this .
 Prints wonderfully , but I have problems with the software . I keep getting errors specially , `` Paper size errors '' when everything is set up correctly and the paper is located where it has to be . I cant get rid of this error.It also does some strange thing
 The quality of pictures is very good . However , the carriage gets stuck on the left margin and there is no solution , outside of replacement of printer . The lever to insert photo size paper is poorly designed and break easily , leaving one to hand feed paper .
 I bought this camera in 2002 , about 2 months after my son was born . Within the 2 years we have had the camera it has been in the shop 3 times , the 3rd time just last week . The problem is when we fold out the LCD to take some video there is no picture , if you flip the LCD monitor over to the front the picture will work fine , but flip it back to normal and there is no picture . It takes great video when it 's working and now that I have XP it works great uploading video to the computer . Unfortunately it has been in the shop about half the time we have owned it . I 'm waiting for it to come back and stop working again so I can trade it in under Best Buy 's warranty .
 I bought the JVC DVL520 and I took it back next day . My main complaint was in low light conditions , there were vertical lines appearing on the screen . It was n't overly obvious but very distracting nontheless . I tried to correct it by manually adjusting each individual settings but nothing worked . The picture quality was not too bad in bright conditions , but in darker conditions i was not prepared to just accept it . After all I spent AUD$ 1450 on a camera and I 'd better get what I pay for . It was a shame because the size and shape of the 520 was really good plus some nice features too . Anyway I took it back to the shop and bought the Sony TRV18 instead . Sure it was a more expensive camera but truly worth it . Pictue quality was almost DVD-like but no vertical lines at all - even in dark conditions -LRB- perhaps a little grainy -RRB- . I would n't recommend the 520 unless you will be taking videos outdoors exclusively .
 Do not buy this camera if you are looking for a quality long lasting product . These models have frequent digital board failures . I had mine for just 2 years , the estimate is $ 400 to fix it . For that price I bought a Panasonic pvgs120 . Much better quality , especially in low light settings.In addition , these models -LRB- and other JVC models -RRB- have frequent E04 errors , keep an eye on consumer reports .
 I have had great luck with JVC products , but this camera was a bust . I had the camera approx . 3 weeks and had to return it to Amazon.com . The camera all of a sudden would not record on to the tape . I tried everything but to no avail it still would not record . I did like all of the features on the camera but now I am gunshy of buying another JVC .
 We bought it brand-new . It worked for a while , but after about 30 minutes of use , the eyepiece -LRB- optical viewfinder -RRB- quit working , literally becoming almost blank , with picture nearly impossible to see.Also it recorded fine only in bright , high-contrast sunlight with a lot of shades . Even in bright , but hazy daylight the picture produced was low-contrast and a bit too dark , which was quite unpleasant.In the past , I always associated the words `` Made in Japan '' with impeccably high quality , especially in electronics . I can see things have changed even in that country . Nowadays `` Made in Japan '' could mean as shoddy job , as made in Communist China or elsewhere.Another minor complaint
 I purchased the camera as a gift for my husband in July of 2002 . As new parents , we expected that we would want a camcorder to record important moments in our children 's infancy and toddlerhood . We have not been able to do so , as the camera has been out of commission or in the repair shop for most of the time we 've owned it.In September of 2003 , after approximately 15 total hours of normal use , significant digital noise / pixel distortion and a `` head cleaning required '' message began to appear . We followed the prescribed procedure and cleaned the video heads with a MiniDV cleaning tape . The problem was not corrected , so we sought repair of the camcorder -LRB- to the tune of $ 240 -RRB- . A rebuild of the drum assembly , supply and takeup reels was performed by a JVC-authorized repair center.Since then , we have recorded less than two hours of tape , and the digital noise problem has again reappeared . Some research suggests that we are not the only ones who have had this difficulty with our JVC camcorder . Since my difficulties , I have found hundreds of consumer comments that suggest that this and several other models of JVC digital camcorders and DV recorders are riddled with digital noise problems.I have never been so dissatisfied with such a major purchase and am currently seeking a full refund from JVC . Wish me luck .
 I had to return it the next day , got error message saying to remove and reinstall tape ... found tape to be partialy stuck in camera upon removal ... damaging expensive tape ... not cool ! This happened every time a tape was inserted . I only managed to get 20 mins of recording in before this happened . I did like the quality of the still pictures , much improved over my GRDVL510.The 510 has not been without problems ... frequent head cleaning notices . . not to mention the pixelated images . I was using JVC tapes and was advised by JVC to switch brands ... now using Sony . . so far . . so good.I have to say my 8 year old Sony 8mm handycam still works and has never required a head cleaning . I should have stayed with Sony products ... You live . . You learn .
 I got this camera as a loaner the other day when I took my Sony in for repair . Any thoughts of getting a JVC in the future have died.First , the good stuff . The controls and the setup are MUCH better than Sony . The tape access , on the side , is preferable to Sony 's bottom loading -LRB- on at least some , and my , unit -RRB- tape . Further , the on switch only requires a quick glance to turn on , rather than a serious look until you are familiar with it -- like the Sony . Finally , the built in light really comes in handy for quick shots.That 's it . There is a constant buzz on the camera that comes through on the tape . From looking at other JVC reviews , this seems to be a systematic problem not limited to my unit . And the picture is no where near as sharp . Now , my camera does have a slightly bigger CCD , but still the sharpness of Sony overwhelms JVC -- at least for one CCD camcorders . As far as taking still pictures , I did n't take any so I ca n't comment , but do n't buy a camcorder to take pictures . That feature is there for a quick spontaneous snapshot when your camera is n't available or handy , not for continuous use.I 'm glad I get to give this back . I can live with akward controls , but I 've got to have good picture quality and this camera does n't deliver .
 This looked like a great camcorder in the store . It was easy to use , the buttons in all the right places . As soon as I bought one and it arrived , I realized my mistake . The camcorder has a constant buzz when you start using the DV tape to record or playback . This buzz is recorded onto the tape , since it seems to come from the tape motor which is unfortunately very close to the right audio channel.Video quality was decent with only a slight washout of colors . The Night Alive feature was pretty useless , with bad focus and poor color ; however , the front light was nice for low-light conditions . Zoom was smooth and well-positioned . The 3.5 '' LCD was VERY nice . I 'm definitely hooked on that feature.I 'm going to try the next model up , the GR-DVL920U , to see if it has the buzz problem , too .
 This camcorder is user friendly with many great functions but , unfortunately , performes poorly in low-light situations or while shooting indoors with poor color reproduction . The color improves a bit with the NightAlive function but the shutter speed is so slow it causes a blurred image . NightAlive function can not compare with the superb effect of MagicPix that Panasonic provides on their camcorders . In good light the picture sharpness , although good , is nowhere close to a SONY.I returned my JVC GRDVL820U and am buying a SONY !!
 I bought this camera/camcorder thinking that I would solve both my need for a digital camera and a camcorder . The camcorder worked beautifully . I was thouroughly impressed with the DV side of it . The still camera comletely sucked . The quality being offered is to put it lightly
 This camcorder is user friendly with many great functions but , unfortunately , performes poorly in low-light situations or while shooting indoors with poor color reproduction . The color improves a bit with the NightAlive function but the shutter speed is so slow it causes a blurred image . NightAlive function can not compare with the superb effect of MagicPix that Panasonic provides on their camcorders . In good light the picture sharpness , although good , is nowhere close to a SONY.I returned my JVC GRDVL820U and am buying a SONY !!
 I confess ... I made the unforgivable mistake !!!!! Before buying my camcorder , I browsed the web for endless hours , for 2-3 months , looking for the best product within a reasonable price range . I kept IGNORING the SONY till the end , because it was a $ 100-150 more than the best I eventually found ... the JVC GRDVL820U.I should never have written that check without holding a SONY in my palm and seeing what it has to offer.I got my JVC and proudly used it the first 2 weeks ... but much was missing ... it did n't live up to my expectations . The pictures were good but not sharp , as would be expected of a MegaPixel camcorder . Indoor shooting and shooting in low light was a pain ... color reproduction was horrible in subdued light.I was lucky I could return my camera and get my money back ... because soon I built up enough courage to walk upto a SONY dealer and try the DCR TRV38 ... AND IT LEFT ME SPEECHLESS !!! The color reproduction , even in low-low light is incredible . It enhances the picture tone and brightness beyond imagination . The picture sharpness is unbelievable ... truely MegaPixel . It has terrific functions , way-way advanced features , exceptional craftsmanship and looks.The SONY stands out at the top and has no challenger . I do n't mind the extra $ 100 or 150 . I really ca n't believe I ignored SONY initially !!! So ... . DO N'T BUY A CAMCORDER UNLESS YOU TRY A SONY !!!!
 Apparently Savage has the worst quality control ever . Product arrived with several tears that went over 6ft into roll . With the packaging still perfectly intact , so someone at savage does n't mind selling damaged goods as new . So poor quality control and horrible customer service leave me stuck with 4/5ths of what I paid for . Ive done a lot of research online and it arriving horribly torn is very very common !!!
 i got this in the mail today and figured since it IS paper there may be a few tears which is no big deal ... as i started unpackaging the roll i saw a tear here and there n thought `` ok no biggie '' ... once i saw the middle of the roll i didnt even bother taking the whole thing out ... if i could see tears past maybe one or 2 layers of the paper i 'd probably just cut it and call it a day but OH MY GOD ... i could see it was torn down to not 4 . . not 5 . . but 6 layers . . i called savage and got put on hold and passed to 3 different people until i finally got a number to the place that shipped it to me . . and even then they gave me a useless number so i just googled the place myself . . i called and told the person what my item looked like and he said that they would send me a shipping label so i didnt have to pay and that they would send me a new background . but honestly i just want a refund . . I doubt i 'll be buying anything from this company again .
 I ordered this same paper from B&H Photo . Same thing as others report
 It is really not the shipping fault its how it is packaged . If you get one of these and you cant get it out easy at all then it will rip as it comes out . I have order 8 of these now and all but 3 came out with no rips.My school says that this is one of the best places to get paper backdrops and it is , if your not getting them through the mail . Not all will be ripped , but a enough will be . DO not go though the people who make it , but the company that you order from and if they still do n't give you your money then do a a-z clam and you will get your money back .
 This highly innovative contraption is a wonder to behold , and had problems staight out of the box . I inserted my memory card , loaded the paper tray , made sure every setting was right , and pressed the print button . The paper immediately popped out the back end . Then , I spent the next three hours checking and rechecking the manual , doing everything right , and only got three prints . I strongly suggest that you find an alternative , since because of the mechanical design of this printer , I 'm sure my problem is very common .
 I purchased this HP 145 Photosmart printer from an Amazon vendor in March 2006 . Due to various business activities/travel I did not attempt to use the printer until last July 2007 . I studied the instruction manual first ; fired up the printer and printed out a thumbnail print . During this process I noticed that there was no information appearing on the LCD display.Can anyone tell me if this unit is defective or if there is something I am doing wrong in using the printer ? I contacted the vendor for advice , but due to the length of time that has elapsed since my purchase I did not expect any help . The vendor was unable to help me ... In spite of my problem I really like the convenience of this printer ! I can print individual photos , BUT have no idea which photo I am printing due to the missing information on the LCD screen.If there is any HP compact photo printer guru out there who could help me with advice I would appreciate it . I use SmartMedia -LRB- Olympus -RRB- memory cards and they are HP compatible according to manual . Otherwise I will scrap this printer and purchase a newer used/refurb model -LRB- HP 335 -RRB- from Amazon . I have always had great results purchasing from Amazon or its vendors - this is my first purchase glitch!Other than the expensive cartridge -LRB- HP 57 -RRB- this compact little printer does a great job . If I purchase another HP compact photo printer from Amazon I will check it out immediately upon receipt.Lesson learned !
 Bought a 7760 printer to use for photo printing . After printing 16 pictures it had an error that the cartridges were bad . Bought new cartridges -LRB- $ 68 -RRB- , this did not help . Called HP customer service , I do not speak whatever language the call center personnell do . I tried several times until I finally got someone to send me a replacement . The first replacement never arrived , there was some sort of error in the HP system sending the replacement . they would not re-send for four weeks and several calls to the tech center . 5 weeks later when replacement did arrived it too has the same error , it does not accept the cartridges either . Tested the cartridges on a friends 6110 and they work fine . Yea I just cant wait until the third unit shows.Third and fourth unit arrived , neither of these worked either . The first one started to print a test page , half way through it the same error with the print cartridges occured . the fourth one never accepted either the new cartridges or the cartridges that came with it . It is beginning to look like I have 16 really expensive pictures , and a rather nice paper weight .
 I purchased this printer for my mother . She does n't own a computer and would always have either myself or a sibling print her pictures for her . So I thought this was a great idea since it has 2 USB ports and takes 4 different memory cards . Well what you are not told is that the USB ports are only for HP products and they do not sell an adaptor or anything else so that this product can be used with another type of camera . We have a Sony camera where the pictures are burnt on to a cd , so that is why we were looking for a printer that you can use a USB cable for . I emailed HP support and they told me to hook it up to a computer and then print or they suggested several HP camera 's we could purchase to use the USB ports . I GIVE THIS LESS THAN A STAR.The product did print one nice picture off of a memory card but really is n't serving it 's purpose for my mother .
 We bought this printer after a Salesperson gave it a high recommendation . We were told that the pictures would look like store bought photos . After hooking it up and loading the software we started printing . We were extremely dissapointed ! Our pictures were VERY grainy . We tried switching the print option to best instead of normal , which helped but our pictures were still not perfect . The colors looked washed out , even though we were using the HP paper . Also , when we printed borderless pictures it would n't print to the end of the paper . We still had a finger width border on the left side -LRB- or sometimes it was on the right hand side ?! -RRB- . Maybe this can be fixed , but the software is difficult to understand and we were unable to figure it out . The best pictures were the ones we printed with the border , but it makes the picture small with a LARGE white border . Not exactly store quality ! We are returning this printer to buy a more expensive -LRB- and hopefully better -RRB- one !
 ... unless you only intend to print color photos in very standard sizes on very standard paper . Limited print features set ... weak software interface . HP chat and email help is really worthless . AI `` I understand how you feel . I understand you want to print pictures ? '' etc. etc. . Manuals are very weak . No help on the website .
 We have had our hp Photosmart 7760 for just 7 months and already my photos look TERRIBLE !!! The blues are turning green , the flesh tones are fading to white and the entire photo takes on a sickening yellow tone.I AM BITTERLY DISPPOINTED !!! The pictures are SO BAD that it is NOT WORTH spending the money for the ink and the photo paper.HP 's solution was to use PhotoShop to add a Sepia Tone to the pictures -- YEAH , RIGHT -- then I 'll have YELLOWISH-BROWN PICTURES !!!
 this was the wosrt item ever sold as used it probley came out of a dumpster . broken badly packed . and internal rust.bad business I would never sell any thing this itemto any one . bad bad .
 We have owned this for several years . The phot feature jammed and no longer works . We get too many paper jams . Ink expensive .
 Without fail , everytime I use this printer for anything other than pictures -LRB- i.e. just to print out a simple word document -RRB- , the paper route jams , pulls in multiple sheets at a time , and/or says to add paper even though there is already paper in the tray , and a word document that should take a couple minutes to print out becomes a twenty minute ordeal .
 I returned an epson 325 photo for having constant paper jams . All kinds of paper jams . I was told the 7760 was the way to go . Well , after 4 days , with calls to HP , It would n't print any envelopes . HP told us to give the envelope stock a little push . After that all we experienced were more jams , and ink all over everything . . We returned this unit . While in the store we noticed another customer complaining about photo paper jams with the 7760 . We came home with the Canon i900D . So far so good .
 This printer was very nice for the first month we owned it - nice pictures with the photo printing cartridge . Then , we had the first cartridge `` failure '' and it has been downhill since . Nearly brand new cartridges fail , producing horrible prints and wasting large amounts of money . All of our attempts to get help from HP did not solve the problem and now we do n't even bother trying to fix the failed print cartridges . They still work , just make awful looking print outs with lines through them . I do n't feel like throwing away another 30 bucks just to have the nearly full cartridge fail in a couple of weeks ! Remember when HP was a sign of a quality printer ? I 'm starting to forget too !
 The picture print quality is fantastic on this printer . HOWEVER , I am on the fifth time that I use the photo ink cartridge a few times and then the printer says it has failed . At roughly $ 30 a piece , this gets VERY costly ! The photo store only charges 29 cents a print . I am learning that this is a much better deal ! Very disappointing ...
 My old HP Deskjet worked flawlessly for years , but when it wore out I had to decide on a new printer I waited for this one to arrive in the stores . What a waste of time and money ! The printer cartridges continually fail and the quality of photographs and color printing is unpredictable at best . I have spent a small fortune on cartridges , all HP brand , no cheap or refilled cartridges , but I feel like a gambler in desparate need of rehab . I will move to another brand once I figure out what direction to go in , this has ended my trust in HP products for the forseeable future .
 Somebody must be out of their mind to buy this button-battery for the asking price and pay S&H ; to boot!Take a trip to your next hardware store , major drug-store , or such.TJ Huber
 When I saw the $ 6.29 for shipping , I thought that was per shipment . So buying 24 of these would make it worth while . But when I got to the checkout , the s & h was over $ 30 !
 When I got to checkout , I realized they were charging over SEVEN DOLLARS shipping & handling for this 50-cent battery . What a rip-off !
 $ 9 shipping for a $ 0.52 battery . Crazy . It 's for my boss & it 's his money , but if it were me paying I would 've gone to the hardware store .
 I purchased this item because it was supposed to be a `` Maxell '' battery . When I received it , it was not Maxell . It 's a brand I have never seen or heard of .
 25 of these for $ 9.99 , shipped . They MIGHT be knockoffs , but even if they only last 1/10th as long as `` real '' ones , you break even . Seller has 99.9 % positives , with 35,000 feedbacks .
 This is quite possibly THE WORSE purchase I have EVER made in my life ! I bought the camera the day before my son 's graduation . I read through the User Manual , which does n't really tell you anything ... and thought all was ok . I was wrong . When my son 's name was called to go up on stage to get his award , I realized -LRB- in COMPLETE horror -RRB- that the `` preview display window '' was dark . I was not able to take one single picture of my son walking down the aisle , when he received the diploma ... nothing ! This camera ruined our day . I was not able to take pictures until the graduation was over ! Seems like it only takes pics outside . When I went on the DXGUSA website to their FAQ section , it states the camera is really made to be used in `` natural light '' . The 4 pictures that I did manage to get took all day to capture because it took the darn thing like 15 seconds to `` load '' between each picture . -LRB- Try telling 5 teens to stay still in the same position until the camera decides it 's ready to shoot again ! -RRB- I ended up buying a disposable camera for 4 dollars and the pictures -LRB- taken way after the graduation was over -RRB- were much better . Kids do n't graduate everyday , we missed out on all of the memories we could have had ... if only I did not purchase this CRAPPY camera . I am so disappointed ! Please do yourselves a favor
 First off , this camera is not made in the USA as indicated online . Creates poor choppy and grainy video.I would not recomend this camera , spend a little bit more and get good camera with 3x Optical Zoom .
 I had this camera for over 3years collecting dust now . The camera takes too long to process the image and save . The flash works but not for close pictures or else bright light will block out our image . You have to hold the camera in a still position for a few seconds after you press the button while the picture saves or else image blurs . I dont like this camera .
 My parents bought this camera almost a year ago , and within an hour , I realised that I had to school them * again * about buying electronics before I research them . This camera is * almost * USELESS.PROS :1 . On macro , in good light -LRB- read
 I bought this camera well over a year ago , and we 've had our ups and downs together . Although the quality and perfomance does lack considerably it was still a good buy . I 've dropped the camera so many times and its even been submerged in water -LRB- and this is NOT the submergable version -RRB- . After about 24 hours of letting the water dry out the camera worked just like it always had.On the plus side ... . the casing seems to be pretty resistent . The quality is n't THAT bad for a 3 MP -LRB- as long as the pictures were taken outside and in daylight -RRB- . The 16MB of internal memory can hold a lot of pictures withtout the need of an SD/MMC card . It 's small and fits almost anywhere.But the camera does lack in many aspects . The flash is horrible , if your anywhere within 6ft of your subject the image will have that white flash glow . Pictures taken at night come out very dark and mostly blurry . Pictures taken with the zoom WILL be blurry and sometimes very noisy . The camera takes forever -LRB- about 5 seconds -RRB- to turn on , its takes forever -LRB- 5-10 seconds -RRB- to prepare to take another image after you 've just taken one , and it takes even longer if your using the flash . If your indoors you wo n't be able to see ANYTHING on the LCD screen . It does n't help that the camera does n't have a viewfinder.For a day at the park this is a good camera , it will take good pictures and can take the beating of little kids using it.But for a wedding , or any event you want memories of , your better off spending another hundred and buying a better quality camera with about 6 or 7 MP .
 This cam is an import , I ca n't remember if it was built in Taiwan or China ; either way its definitely not from the USA.The max resolution is complete overkill . For such an anemic sensor , they should not have tried to make 6MP from 3MP . The picture quality has been below average when set to 3MP . At 6MP , the quality is exceptionally poor.Avoid the Digital Zoom , unless you like really blurry pics . Two thumbs down for me .
 in December 25 2004 buys this camera and today 07 of Septemberthe cam is garbage , dont turn on , I have watched everythingthe battery , please dont purchase this cam.please i have one friend that buy an sony cibershot 3.1 megapixeland all going excelent ...
 this camera is pesky . the settings would n't save , the flash is off by default.it seriously needs a viewfinder , you ca n't see anything , even in a very well lit room . the pictures are horrible , and dark , and very very grainy.with the flash , the pictures are really overexposed , and most pictures are worthless . please do not even consider this camera .
 I should have known when I paid under $ 100 for a 3mp camera , but it had good reviews and sounded like a good deal . Well , this camera has been nothing but disappointing and just plain useless since I recieved it.MAJOR ISSUES :1 . Pressing the ` shoot ' button takes up to 2 seconds for the camera to respond .2 . When the camera DOES respond it arbitraily decides when to flash , sometimes in total darkness it does n't flash even when on auto .3 . Camera frequently does n't focus on the item in the crosshairs .4 . Camera delay makes taking pictures of children almost impossible . Even landscape moves too fast for this camera !! 5 . Out of the over 200 pictures I and 3 of my family and friends have tried to take with this device only 10 images of even decent quality have been produced .6 . The webcamera feature is useless unless you are in a floodlit environment .7 . Turning up the exposure to compensate for the lack of low level light photography , comes up with totally washed out GLOWING images ... anyhow , this is the worst piece of tech I have ever bought . I 'm 33 and a computer developer and tech-o-holic and this thing is aweful ... stay away ... far far away .
 My entire problem with this camera is how s-l-o-w it is . Yes , I understand a 3.2 megapixel cheapie is n't going to take the best of shots , but I tried this recently with a DXG 301V `` camcorder '' back to back . The 301V takes average quality shots , and is ready again in 2-3 seconds . The 308 takes 5-7 seconds , and requires the brightest possible light . Even on a sunny morning the `` watch for shake '' icon is on . Practically all my pictures have some blur or distortion in them ; At first I thought there was something wrong with the lens , until I took several pictures with a blur line right down them . I realized this camera is scanning the image so slowly that it 's taking a second or so after I press the button to record anything . The 308 honestly is acting like it has an ISO of 25 and is something from the 1980 's . I rate this camera two only because the underwater housing actually works , but I ca n't see what use it would be expect in a shallow pool in Arizona on a tripod . I went through two 301v 's before I got one that worked , so mine 's may be a lemon , but at this point I 'll just save up for something better .
 I do n't recommend this camera to anyone . It usually takes terrible pictures and it drinks up battery juice like cheap wiskey . The flash wo n't work when you need it to and its hard to see the view screen . The zoom is relatively decent ; and when you can get it to work right , it can take some okay pictures and video clips , but no one should waste their money on the DXG-308 . There are so many great cameras out there , so save up and buy one you 'll love . I recomend Cannon or Nikon .
 the flash washed everything out ! outdoors it takes great movie clips and pics but if you are planning to use the flash be prepared to see white or black blocks of nothingness . batteries run out very quickly . i did like the size of it ... just wished it worked .
 I bought this camera for my daughter for Christmas , what a mistake that was , the flash overexposed every picture and the manual controls were not user friendly , invest in a better camera for your money like the Vivitar 3785 or Canon A510 .
 Nice little camera , but it does not take quality pictures . We used this camera for pictures of all kinds and the pictures look great on the camera display , but once they are printed they are very blurry and distorted . Spend the extra money to get something of good quality , this camera is definitely not it .
 I bought the Maxell `` Color CD-R Music '' discs in 20-packs -LRB- PN
 This is not a full size printer by no means . It is the same size of a receipt printer if that 's what you need .
 After installing and setup my blend new HP Deshjet 3550 printer according to instruction , I tried to print some docummnet . The printer jammed right away and the on/off light was blinking constantly.After clearing the paper jam and tried to print , it jammedagain . IT DID NOT EVEN PRINT A SINGLE WORD - BUT KEPT JAMMING.I called HP and the technical person tried different way to corrected the problem for 1 hr . Then she said she will replace the BLEND NEW PRINTER WITH A REFURBLISHED ONE . I ARGUED WITH HERTHAT I SHOULD GET A BLEND NEW ONE SHE TOLD ME THIS IS HP POLICY.Then I talked with her manager , HE TOLD ME THE SAME THING . `` ITIS HP 'S POLICY IF YOU BUY A NEW UNIT AND HAPPEN TO BE A DEFECTEDONE , THEY ONLY REPLACE IT WITH A REFURBLISHED UNIT . I ASKEDHIM THAT IF HE BOUGHT A BLEND NEW CAR IT WOULD RUN AND WOULD HETAKE A USED CAR !!!!!!
 Do n't bother - very disappointing for an HP product . This printer fails to print consistently and `` carriage stalls '' frequently . This defect is clearly well known at HP Support . The manual solution , while effective , is not a real answer . Save your time and money on this one . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I have always been a big fan of HP printers . I have an HP 920c at work and love it . I was trying to find one for my home but they have discontinued it . Instead I bought this one and have been so disappointed with it . It jams all the time and the color is n't as good as the 920c . It makes a terrible noise when it is trying to pull the paper through and it always manages to pull at least 5 pages at a time . Now it is refusing to print anything . I am not happy with this printer at all .
 I have had many printers in my time , but i have to say this is the worst printer i have ever seen!I actually paid for it aswell ! , i could of got a free printer with my computer , but instead i upgraded and got this!Like many people have said , its : - always jamming ! Every time ! - It wont print in black ? - Extremely hard to get the paper in - Screw 's up all my print out 's -LSB- that actually print -RSB- - Wont turn off ! The green light just keeps on flashingI dont understand why HP could sell such a rubbish printer ? Shame on them !
 This printer is not worth your time and frustration . I received it essentially free -- for the nominal price of one Slovenian tolar , or about half a US cent -- when I bought a new HP computer . Even at that price , it was not a good value . It jams nearly every time it tries to feed paper , and on the rare occasions it manages to print with no malfunction , the quality is poor . If zero stars were an option , I 'd give it zero . I quickly replaced it with a ` real ' printer . Look elsewhere .
 I did n't get so lucky enough to have read the customer reviews and I ordered 2 of them thinking I was getting 10 batteries ! I am now fighting with Amazon over this , asking them to right the issue by sending me the 10 batteries and fixing the picture . I think I 'm talking to someone in India , so we 'll see how far I get ...
 Be careful when you order this item ! One of the pictures shown tells you it is not the actual item and shows a single battery , the other picture available shows a card of 5 batteries . They actually only send out ONE individual battery , not a card of five .
 This is a review of the `` Maxell Battery Cr2016 '' offer , as offered by MyBatterySupplier . I did not order this item but consider myself a `` customer '' for purposes of this Customer Review because I did carefully consider buying it -- just as I am a customer when I enter a brick-and-mortar store , whether I make a purchase or not.Please note that the 3 reviews that were written before mine date from 2006 . Now , in 2012 , the description states plainly that what one is ordering is a 5-pack of batteries . But I have no idea whether I would get 5 batteries or 1 battery , due to the refusal of the seller to state what he/she is selling . Please read the Description , which I quote here from the Web page as it exists today : `` Maxell CR2016 5-Pack 3V Lithium Coin Cell Batteries Maxell CR2016 5-Pack 3V Lithium Coin Cell Batteries FA EA-50CF / 3D AWI L10 Duracell DL2016 , DL2016B Eveready ECR2016 Kodak KCR2016 Maxell CR2016 NEDA 5000LC Panasonic CR2016 Sanyo CR2016 Toshiba CR2016 Varta CR2016 `` Come on , folks ! Are you selling Maxell batteries ? Duracell ? Eveready ? Panasonic ? Sanyo ? Toshiba ? Varta ? I lose all faith in a sellers who will not be pinned down as to what they is really offering . So I see a picture of 5 batteries and I see a description stating `` 5-pack '' , but the wriggly , squirmy description of what is being sold leaves me with no confidence in this seller.I 'm saving my money for a seller who is clear and definite about the product being sold . I hope you will , too . Amazon does not need sellers who act this way.edelran
 At the time of purchase I was considering a few cameras . I not only considered the individual cost but also the price of paper and ink . At the time I thought that I had made the right choice by selecting the most cost efficient item . The printer is very easy to use and prints quickly . For quick prints where quality is not that important this printer is great . If you want quality pictures this printer does not even come close to its counterparts . My friend bought the Kodak printer the same day . Her printer is slower and runs out of ink faster but the prints are phenomenal . My prints come out more quickly but the quality is just not there even when set to all of the best options . I wish now that I had gone another route . The printer has just one color cartridge for all colors , however if you print a lot of one color -LRB- example pictures at the ocean -RRB- then other prints look oddly greenish or redish without the cartridge suggesting a change . I also have a problem with stickiness , I have tried both the premium HP paper as well as other brands and it comes out sticky . The pictures stick to my frames and scrapbook covers even after several hours of drying time . For quick pictures to pin on a bulletin board or give to kids this is great , but for memorable lasting photos this isi n't the best bet .
 At first I loved this printer , it is simple to use and can be used alone or through your pc . Unfortunately the photos never dry . At first I thought it was because I either framed them or put them in an album before they had a chance to dry . I then printed some and let them sit out to dry for weeks and the photos never dried . Any photos that I have framed eventually stick to the glass , particularily the darker spots of the photo . I even got a new printer from HP and still encountered the same problem ... has anyone else had this problem ? -LRB- Yes I am using the correct HP paper and ink -RRB-
 I got this as a gift , and while I was impressed with it at first , I later realized after a lot of printing and trying different options and finally calling their support , that I can not print 4x6 images on 4x6 paper . If I want a 4x6 image , I have to print on 4x6 paper * with * a tab . The printer will always leave 1/2 inch blank on the paper . I 'm very surprised about this and still have trouble believing it . This means that I have to resize each print by hand if I want it to print correctly on this paper -LRB- by default it just cuts it off -RRB- . Maybe another reviewer can confirm this ? Apparently with the bigger printers you can use non-tabbed paper and have it print on the whole thing , but not with the small printers .
 BUYER BEWARE!This printer does NOT accept MEMORY FLASH DRIVES.They provide a CD to set up the printer on your computer , but there is no USB cord to connect the printer to the computer!Standard digital camera cords are too small.Printer is not compatible with Windows Vista Home ! So that means I can not install this printer to my computer!I think I will be returning it !
 This printer is quick with its printing and easy to use but the quality of prints is mediocre at best . line quality and color produced is a has a hazy quality especially in darker photo 's , the prints also take HOURS to dry -LRB- even after a day the prints are extremely prone to fingerprints and anything also that could stick to them . I purchased this printer and used it with each of my 3 digital cameras -LRB- canon sd100 , pentax optio330 and kodak easyshare -RRB- and could n't get good results . I have returned mine and IM currently seeking an alternative .
 Bad ... . this is the second HP PhotoSmart printer I 've owned and I had to return it the store for a new one . When they work ... they work great . But like my first PhotoSmart , this one had to be returned for a replacement due to an inherent design flaw -LRB- firmware -RRB- . The printer works fine for a while . In this case , two days . Then it started giving an erroneous ` print jam ' error when in fact there was nothing causing the jam . HP said to return to store for new or refund . I keep wondering when HP is going to fix this problem ?
 Pros
 This printer started giving me the infamous `` invisible paper jam '' error after about one year ... I would give this product negative stars if I could . It is absurdly overpriced.I 've been subjected to HP 's crap products both at work and at home ... and in my opinion , `` HP '' is just another word for `` junk '' . DO NOT BUY .
 Follow-up to my earlier review -LRB- not on Amazon yet -RRB-
 I have to say that I absolutely adore the power of this device , love the potential that this device shows in terms of what one day our palm handhelds can do . But as far as what it is capable of as of now , here are the pitfalls if you can deal with them
 After using jornada 545 , I just realised that the display is not active LCD . When I download my daughter image file to display using Internet Explorer while I 'm travelling , I realised the image color does not seen as good as my notebook LCD with similar 16 bit colors . Now everywhere in the internet is saying HP has claimed that Jornada 545 is capable of display 4096 colors -LRB- 12 bits -RRB- and will not allow to return the good because HP Jornada `` LCD itself '' is capable to display 65k colors . I am very upset right now as I feel cheated . In the Pockec PC setting , it does indicated 16 bits but the graphics IC is processing 12 bits color to display on 16 bits color LCD screen . I wish I can return the product and wait until HP come out a true TFT LCD with 65k colors capability .
 I am giving this product a 2 to balance the scales . First I will say what I like about it ... then the bad stuff . - The good
 Got it as agift from MS , It crashed 3 times in one hour . Just saw CNET review . -LRB- they said it crashed 4 times in 3 hour -RRB- Please remember it 's from MS. Some improvments , not enough . If you are a MS fan , it 's a better buy than CE . I will not buy it myself .
 Before anyone plunks down the $ $ $ for this unit ... Inshort , despite the fact that the Jornada 540 series is advertised todisplay 16-bit colors , in practice , the actual display quality is 12-bit . A pretty major difference.From what I understand , the Casio E-115 is the only true 16-bit display PocketPC unit.This bit of product revisionism aside , the 545 is a fine piece of gadgetry . Too bad I did n't know about the display quality until too late ...
 The scanner itself gave me good scans of my documents and pictures and did so promptly . So I was very satistfied with the hardware and with the transfer speed from the scanner to my PC.But the software was a nightmare - a problem that after 3 days , 4 reinstalls , 2 repairs , and 2 calls to HP Support led me to return the scanner.Here 's what happened with the software . The HP Director showed up with red X 's instead of icons , and it had text that was in courier or some other format that stuck out the right side of the window . The preview screen showed up the same way , plus the preview area was about as big as my thumbnail and not enlargable in any way that I could find.I went online with HP Support , and the result was a recommendation for an uninstall and reinstall . I did this , being careful to unplug the USB from the PC and power from the scanner , but the results were the same . Back online with HP Support , who contended that there was a `` software conflict '' , even though I had shut down everything possible with task manager and no applications were running when I did the install or when I tried the HP Director and Preview again.I wound up doing a total of 4 reinstalls and 2 `` repairs '' . None of them did any good . In fact , things even got worse . My Ulead Photoimpact and Microsoft Imaging now somehow no longer could find the TWAIN.DLL -LRB- which they at least could do after the first install -RRB- , even though TWAIN.DLL was definitely there in the Windows directory and I copied it off the install disk again just to be certain it was not corrupted somehow.After 3 days and nights of trying mightily to make it work , I had enough and took it back.I was not at all impressed with the HP support quality . It was great that they were there and very responsive , but their `` help '' was totally useless . Unfortunately , this was what I experienced when my otherwise excellent HP 6200C scanner just would not work most of the time . HP support 's answer to everything is reinstall the software and if that does not work then it is a `` software conflict '' . So I am shopping again for a scanner.UPDATE August 15 , 2004
 Scanning family pictures and documents , YELLOW STREAKS all down Left and Right sides . HORRIBLE QUALITY even at 600dpi . Do n't waste your cash on this , get a real scanner . That would be an Epson scanner for those who do n't know .
 I got this scanner to replace a much older HP scanner -LRB- which I loved -RRB- that had no driver for Windows XP . The older scanner was easy to install and easy to use . It had many good features . I assumed that this scanner would be an ever better version . I was wrong . This scanner has issues with the CD installation . Sometimes it quits working and I have to reinstall . It never seems to install the same way twice . When I can get it to install enough that I can actually scan , the software requires many more steps to actually get a document/graphic/photo scanned than the older scanner . And , this scanner is very , very slow . I miss my old scanner . I will probably trash this one and look at another brand .
 I have had this scanner for a little over a year . It has never made good copies/scans from a negative . I often have to rescan things . The software has now completey failed and I have to use a microsoft product to get it to work , and most of the time the scanner will not come on . It is very tempremental . I often have to jiggle cords and unplug things and mess around for an hour just to scan something .
 I should have figured I would n't get a great product for such a low price , but I tend to trust HP products.Scanning photos works fine , but the quality of slide and negative scans is terrible . The slide scans were unusable . Also , it took forever for the lamp to warm up , so even if I had just scanned a photo/slide , I would still have to wait up to 2 minutes for the lamp to warm up again so I could make another scan . I 'm returning this unit and looking for another .
 Despite some reviews , I took the chance that the slide and negative scanning abilities of the HP 3970 * might * be ok ... they are NOT . Whatever the specs may say , you can only scan up to 2 negatives or 1 slide at a time . The lamp DOES have to warm up AGAIN after each scan session , even if your last one was just moments before . This makes just waiting for a preview excruciating ! Next , the scan time to actually scan a negative at only 300 dpi is about 45-60 sec.Long and short - this scanner was set up and tested and now is going back to the store ... all within about 1 hour.I did n't even bother trying the regular image scan functions , as all I 'm really interested in right now is scanning negatives and slides . I 'm sure the basic functions are good , as HP does have a decent rep for flatbed scans.The software installed easily though in Windows XP Pro . It did seem a bit clunky , but I did n't bother playing with it enough to let it bother me .
 I chose HP 3970 assuming it was good quality for the price , and that it would be easy to use with my HP Pavilion PC . It is a nice scanner , although a little slow , + does a decent job scanning , BUT the drivers/software is incompatible with a large number of systems . I learned this too late -LRB- after my 30 day return period -RRB- , for i had only done test scans of photos and transparent materials , and a RESTART of my pc , not a cold boot . My pc will not cold boot with the scanner software installed , as there is a conflict with the NVIDIA video chipset which came with the HP pc . So , now i have a new scanner i can not use without great pains . The next shopper should be forewarned to go to www.hp.com and search for the 3970 's known incompatibilities BEFORE spending money . Good luck ! : -RRB-
 After 2 + hours with a technician on the phone , we have concluded that it will not work on my PC for an unknown reason . Probably an incompatibility issue . My Pc is a Dell and operating system is Windows ME . The scanner hardware seems to work fine and the software seems to be working , but together they are not working . It is being returned ASAP . I like HP products , but this one is not working . Beware .
 Some of the reviewers on Amazon.com are in left field looking at right . This is by far the worst piece of crap ever from a company I respect , HP . How any of these people could recommend this piece of garbage is beyond me . The image quality of this scanner is so abysmal , its attrocious . If you 're still stupid enough to buy this , after reading this review , then you and this scanner deserve each other . I also had alot of problems installing the software on my XP system , but I would have forgiven HP for that , if this was any good . Before that I had an HP 5200C scanner that was totally superior to this in terms of quality of the image scaned . The amount of DPI 's I used made no difference in the scan - it plain stunk . Do n't get this piece of garbage . It also makes terrible noises too . Shame on you HP . Whoever designed this for HP should be fired .
 I must now joinin and give my 3970 a poor review . I was happy with this product until recently after not using it for months . The problem is when attempting to scan in color , I get a bright orange tone one one half of the image and a bright yellow tone on the the other half of the image . When in black and white mode , I get a black image on one half and a streaked black image on the right . Since I have two computers , I loaded the software on my second computer and connected the scanner . In this case , the problem did not go away . I contacted HP via the chat format and after 45 minutes trying this and that nothing worked . Now I have a two hundred dollar paper weight .
 I just wanted to warn everyone about this scanner . Now it does scan regular items like documents and large pics well , its 35mm slide and negative scans are very poor . I cleaned off the the plate and the film and still got a cloudy image . I know the image is not off because I view it with a slide viewer and the image is crystal clear . Every setting I 've changed does not improve the image . Also startup sounds like a construction site . If you 're looking for a simple scanner for a cheap price then by all means , but if you 're a serious hobbyist then really look elsewhere .
 With a desire to scan in bunches of old photos and some recent slides , I shopped around for a decent scanner . I specifically chose the HP due to brand name , features relative to competitors and the fact that it was not bottom of the range , in other words trying to avoid the `` you get what you pay for '' syndrome.What a mistake . The box arrived with a rattling loose sound , but no visible damage was evident . Scans were just an aweful experience . - Scanning normal paper documents to tiff files was satisfactory , but slow and noisy . - Scanning slides was aweful . Even at the highest resolution -LRB- and I tried every resolution -RRB- the images were simply unuseable . My $ 20 webcam images are of superior quality to the highest quality slide image I obtained on this scanner . - Photo 's , while better than slides , were still far off what can be expected . Color was washed out . There was no sharp detail.Simply put , a waste of time . I 'm not sure whether the model that I received was broken -LRB- I hope for HP 's sake that it was -RRB- given the rattling sound , or whether this is just one lousy product . Do n't waste your money or time !
 I got this unit about two months ago . As other users have indicated with their units , my scanner has begun making a shrieking sound which is quite unbearable . The unit never scanned very well , and now it barely scans at all . This HP product is very attractive and well priced , but what does that mean if a piece of hardware is poor ? It took me a while to figure out that the scanner was making the shrieking sound . I thought my computer was dying . I 've had many scanners and never encountered anything like this before . Reading reviews here and elsewere has actually confirmed my suspicions that this is some type of design defect . I used an Agfa SnapScan 1212u for almost 8 years without a problem . I `` upgraded '' because I wanted a faster -LRB- USB-2 as opposed to USB-1 -RRB- scanner , and a unit that had slide and film transfer capabilites . This scanner was never much faster than my Agfa and the quality is on much , much lower . Terrible . I would advise anyone reading this to buy another product .
 I purchased this unit on March 15 , 2005 , and it has already failed . It makes a loud shreak and does not scan at all . I should have researched this unit better as I would have found out it only has a 90-day warranty ! I can see why . So fair warning on this unit , or anything from HP ... they sell crap ... but at a good price ?! You get what you pay for ... and sometimes less . Oh yeah ... I have actually used this scanner about6-8 times ... that 's it ! It does not have an on/off switch , so it came on everytime I power up the computer .
 This Scanner is wonderfull for scanning your old pics but it is extremly difficult to scan negatives it can be done if you have a couple of hours and a lot of patience and i do mean a lot of patience the software is its main problem i think the scanner itself is fully capable but the software sucks it does scan documents well if you change the software settings but who wants to do that every single time if you leave the settings alone you wind up with a nice gray graphic in the center of the page that looks exactly like the slide tray in the lid
 Like others have mentioned in their review , my HP 3570 worked fine for a while . The problem started when after moving , I attempted to scan with my scanjet . Nothing works ! It is like there is no power to the scanner , though it 's connected exactly the way it was before I moved . I decided to see what what happen if I installed it on another computer and again - NOTHING WORKS !!! I tried all the troubleshooting and driver installing , updating , etc. ... NOTHING!I see now after reading other 's reviews , I am not the only one who feels scammed , ripped-off , dissappointed , let down , etc. by this pathetic HP product ! Shame on what I used to think of as a respectable name in computer equipment !!!
 I 've been a loyal HP customer for years . I have the HP Scanjet 6200 -LRB- at work and home -RRB- . It uses HP 's Precision Scan Pro software , which works great and gives me the functionality I need for scanning images in various file formats for desktop publishing . When I needed to purchase a second scanner for a colleague at work , I bought the Scanjet 3970 . I was disappointed . I agree with many of the reviewers here that the software is extremely poor . My biggest complaint is that you ca n't scan images in vector format with this software -LRB- for use in Illustrator or other vector programs -RRB- . The HP Precision Scan Pro software does this beautifully but it is not available for this scanner . -LSB- I hear the newer versions of Illustrator have a tracing feature that converts bitmap images to vector , so that might be a solution . -RSB-
 HP reliability , quality and a good price were my guides in making the unfortunate choice to purchase the HP3970 . The scanner looked good , was a snap to set up and worked beautifully with my HP Pavilion -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- on a test run and at a special event when I scanned about a hundred photos . Was I impressed!Not needing to scan frequently , I put it away and got it out again a few months later to use for another scanning project . This time the scanner would n't scan and I began to get wonderfully vague error messages . I checked the manual and followed the troubleshooting instructions , I visited the HP website and followed the instructions to the point where it seemed that more expertise than I have was required . I contacted HP technical support and was given instructions to try everything that I had already tried . I gather there 's an XP software compatibility issue that develops after the scanner software has been installed and used -- if it 's fixable , I have n't figured out the fix and HP has not helped me do so . Until this event I was a loyal supporter and customer of HP -- thought of HP first when I shopped . I 've taken them off my list after this experience . A previous reviewer suggested that before buying you check out compatibility issues at the HP site . I second that suggestion and add the caveat -- do n't buy it .
 I bought this scanner to replace a piece of crap UMAX scanner that I got free with a Dell PC purchase . This scanner was not much better . The only way I could get it to scan is by using XP scanning . First of all , the box was missing all software and instructions . I tried to download the appropriate software online and it would not install properly . I called customer support and they sent me a CD in the mail 5 days later that was supposed to have the correct software on it . It was the same crappy software that I downloaded a week before on the internet . Calling customer support again , I became frustrated when the individual , barely speaking English could not help me . I am returning the scanner and buying a better quality product . For all you people who had flawless installs , I do n't know what you did but I do n't have the patience to put up with this piece of crap anymore .
 I found the software cumbersome , and always used software that came with my Samsung . Scans turned out fine , but speed was slow.After six months of use I started getting error messages . After corresponding with the e-mail tech support , I determined that it is a problem with the TMA lamp . Even though the TMA is in the lid , it involves a problem in the base that disables the entire scanner . I had just assembled some negatives and slides to use with the TMA , but never got to use it before the unit died.The tech support system worked well to pinpoint the problem , but it was some time , a lot of emails , and a phone call before someone told me that it was out of warrantee . -LRB- I am sorry , I do n't remember all the warrantee periods for everything I buy . -RRB- This went on after I had already given my date of purchase early in the process . You would think that HP would train its support staff to notice this earlier .
 With some effort , I was amazed at the great photo copying ability of the scanner although the software makes you want to smash it immediately . Very difficult to use and resets itself at every opportunity . As a copier for text documents it is HORRIBLE !!! Using the print mode on a text document yields pixelated , grainy unreadable prints . This is TOTALLY unacceptable ! Is n't that what a scanner is supposed to do first and then for the additional money be a good photo copier ? Like one other reviewer , my HP scanner now also has a greasy fog on the inside of the glass plate . Wonderful . I wasted weeks trying to untangle the software difficulties and now am ready to leave this junk on the doorstep of the seller and buy a Canon Scanner like I should have done in the first place . Do not waste your money . HP needs to do a lot better .
 I decided to buy this scanner so i could scan slides in since my canoscan N670U cant do slides or negatives . First it took forever to warm and scan . then the scan would come out in totally wrong colors , i had to use auto level in adobe to fix it , then it still looked blue tinted.The software is a joke . you can save your seting but not make it load it each time it starts up . so you have to re load it everytime . it gets annoying quick.then while i was looking at the scanner bed i noticed that under the glass its all cloudy in one of the corners.the picture quality froma scanned photo looks the same as my canon and that thing is fairly old . im gon na return this piece of hp junk and keep my canon.there should be a negative star option for this product
 I normally like HP products , so I was extremely disappointedin this scanner . The software is pretty bad -LRB- e.g. , theresolution setting kept going back to 200 dpi when I selected ahigher resolution -RRB- . This is the third scanner I 've owned , and by far the worst . The scanner is agonizingly slow , andevery slide I scanned turned out green , regardless of thesettings I selected . I played around with the various settingsand tried for hours to get an acceptable image from thisscanner . The green images were the clincher for me - I ` mreturning this scanner ASAP and plan to purchase anEpson .
 I am going to burn this thing ! I have spent 5 hours messing with this stupid thing and nothing works ! I have downloaded every driver update etc. . HP just sucks ...
 I agree with scrappy . I could n't get my negatives to scan properly either . The quality of the photo scanning was adequate but I scanned in the same picture at the same settings -LRB- 300 DPI -RRB- -LRB- 4X6 to 8X12 -RRB- with both the HP and my Epson Perfection 610 -LRB- it 's at least 4 or 5 years old -RRB- and I was hard pressed to see the difference in quality . I 'm returning the HP ASAP . Update
 I guess after searching and looking at several CD folders at the size that I wanted I forgot to look for the size and quanity of CD 's this folder held . However after I recieved it , I went back and searched again for this folder and there was no size or Quanity of CD 's held in the description . I thought it was much larger . So my expectations were not met . Oh well , 411 it holds 12 CD 's
 Sure , the TV is cheap and works -- for the most part . It 's just hard to get past the fact that there is an annoying buzzing when something is connected to the yellow video A/V input . The service requires me to drive the new TV an hour away . So for that , it is a hassle . What did I expect for about 100 bucks ?
 This product worked great for about a week . I used it connected to my time capsule with two external hard drives , a printer , and a 1G data stick . After one week the external drives did not work on it . The drives are fine , but the hub will not recognize them.Not worth buying !!!
 Took me three months of troubleshooting my system to finally figure out I did not have a major internal hardware failure and that this Belkin HUB was causing intermittent Kernal Panics several times a month . Not sure if it is unique to this unit , but the unit works perfectly other than causing kernal panics , even with no devices attached to the hub . Do not believe it is a compatibility issue , but not worth the trouble and cost of shipping to return unit to Belkin to get another unit to try . A lot of frustration and time for a really cheap item .
 I used this the day I got it and the devices plugged into it only work intermittantly ! I am throwing it in the trash ! not worth the trouble to return it !!!!!!!!!!!!
 Having had several BELKIN USB hubs they ALL HAVE FAILED WITH DEAD PORTS IN A SHORT TIME < 6 months.I bought more than one because my local stores only carry this brand . I would never buy another one but I have been forced to buy these hubs that keep failing .
 I was going nuts . I was using this on a desktop from 2007 that I had kept off the Internet for about two years . Now I wanted networking ability . The computer started installing a couple years of Windows updates . After it installed Service Pack 3 , I lost my Belkin USB hub and my Belkin Wireless N connector . They would n't work with anything.So I replaced the Wireless N connector with a similar Wireless N unit from another manufacturer . Voila . I 'm back on the Net.After Googling around , Belkin devices seem to have problems with XP Service Pack 3 , which they have never taken the time to correct . Other manufacturers have no such problems . For example , myD-Link DWA-125 150Mbps Wireless N USB Adapterhas no problems connecting to our office network.So , if you use Windows XP and have Service Pack 3 installed , DO N'T buy Belkin products . And shame on them for not publicly declaring that they have elected not to support SP3 !
 When i connected my 2 usb powered hard drives to it , it would only see one and the other would do a constant clacking . . That was when connectd with the power cable attached without the power cable attached it would see none . . I then did some experiments and found that the problem was the original belkin USB cable . . if that where replaced everything worked fine . . Then i called belkin to see if they would send me out a replacement cable . . there just complete garbage even though i had just received the product they wanted me at my expense to ship the item back to them , they said they had now way of replacing just the cable . . Just garbage . .
 I have a Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub -LRB- F5U407 -RRB- and one of the ports does not work with a USB Flash drive , does not recognize it on the one port only . This is on an older PC using Windows Vista . I bought this model which cost about $ 7 more and , unlike the Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub -LRB- F5U407 -RRB- , has to be plugged into an electrical outlet . I could not get a USB Flash drive to work on it at all , totally unrecognized on all ports , and had to revert to using the Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub -LRB- F5U407 -RRB- . The devices that would work on this model ran no faster than previously on the Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub -LRB- F5U407 -RRB- . Total waste of money . Save yourself some time and trouble and order the Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Ultra-Mini Hub -LRB- F5U407 -RRB- instead .
 It does n't run my external HD , Charge my cell phone , or really anything but connect a flash drive . Terrible product IMHO .
 It worked initially , but died within about 5 days . Plugged it into multiple USB ports on my computer to no avail . Light still shined so it was n't a power issue . I am returning it . Went to Belkin 's website to get support , but BOY is that a challenge . Decided just to return the darn thing and will think twice before buying a Belkin replacement .
 I have been trying to use this with Windows 7 64 bit . Plugging a USB flash drive into does not scan fast , it takes several minutes or fails . Also have to unplug power plug then plug back in to recognize a connected device . Noel at their support chat just verified it is not compatible with Windows 7 . I should have checked before I bought it , my fault . But I told Noel from Belkin support I would buy another brand , and all I got was have a great day . How about telling me which hub would work or a bit of empathy . Anyway , if someone has gotten it to work or can recommend a better powered hub , please comment.Update : I ended up returning the Belkin . I got this hub
 I 've had this product for a few weeks now and am finding it does n't work with many devices , namely my ipod touch and canon rebel . It does work ok for the WD external drive and canon i860 printer . I 'm on an '09 iMac.It does free up enough ports for me to connect these other devices directly to the computer , but I 'm pretty disappointed that it does n't work as designed .
 I have had the Belkin 4 Port -LRB- powered -RRB- Hubs for a while . They have worked . Now they are starting to exhibit unexpected problems . None of the ports have failed electrically . The biggest problem is the physical connection to the port connectors . They begin to fail to hold the inserted plug . What I mean by this is that they start to give intermittant connections if maybe the plug 's cord is moved a little . This is not good if an external HD is connected through this Hub.If I were using the several Belkin hubs I bought every day with a lot of insertions and removals from the ports I would expect failure this soon.I bought the hubs as a convenience so that if I am at whichever computer there are adequate USB ports so that I do not have to connect , disconnect , move , and then reconnect when I need additional ports.The best I can say about the Belkin USB 2.0 4-Port Hub is that while they worked they did fine.I might purchase Belkin replacements ONLY , and I mean ONLY , if I can not find another manufacturer of these types of Hubs .
 the battery is not the original , you say that is an original and is selling a replacement , buyers are cheating , the picture is not putting that send
 this battery was totally ripe off . first of all its not toshiba its generic brand and does not last for 30 min .
 The exact model number was given , but the battery was still a few millimeters too big for the battery bay .
 I installed this unit in a full sized pickup truck . The rear antenna wire is NOT long enough . I called Rocky Mountain Radar , spoke with Raul , and he advised me to go out and buy an extra wire -LRB- cost $ 14.99 -RRB- . Raul also gave me a list of conditions that needed to be met so that the unit will still work . I asked him if he had an extra wire he could send to me . His reply ? &#34; We are not a stereo store . You will have to buy the extra wire yourself &#34; . I asked Raul if other customers had advised him that the rear wire was not long enough . He replied &#34; yes , we advise them the same as me &#34; . If a problem is already known , why does n't Rocky Mountain Radar have a part that they can send you ? Seems kind of like a cheap company to me .
 I purchased this item at the same time I purchased by new aftermarket radio for the 2008 Dodge Avenger . It was an east install but when I plugged the adapter into the back of the radio , the connection was very loose so I figured no big deal , I will just use a piece of tape to make sure it doesnt come undone . When I first turned on the radio , I got good reception but when I tried to check out other stations , ones that are normally crystal clear will not even come up anymore until im around different areas of the city !
 this fits as it is intended to , but the radio reception is HORRIBLE . i have tried it with two different aftermarket radios and nothing works as good as the factory radio BY FAR.tested with pioneer 4200dvd and alpine cda 9887
 did n't fit the antenna lead from a 1993 BMW 325ISMetra 40-EU10 VW / BMW/Euro Car to Male Motorola Vehicle Antenna Adapter
 The product seems to be working fine , but the manner in which Osprey-Talon labeled their product was misleading . I was expecting a high quality Hewlett-Packard power adapter . I received a poorly constructed adapter instead.I read the one other review before mine describing how Osprey-Talon mislabeled their product . I would agree -LRB- but not the reviewer 's misspelling and grammar mistakes -RRB- . If you buy from Osprey-Talon , I would very carefully read the product description before purchasing . In this case the product was labeled as `` by Hewlett-Packard , '' but in the product description it describes it as , `` generic AC adapter . '' I 'll make sure the follow my own advice next time.The one star is for the quick delivery -LRB- despite the use of USPS -RRB- .
 Do n't buy from this person he or she misslables there items buy from someone you can trust .
 I received a huger/sensor watch for xmas and no manual.I ca n't even figure out how to set the time.After extensive looking around on the internet , I could not find any information at all . I think Huger/Oregon Scientific/Whoever , Should have that information available to people like myself , THE CONSUMER.Thank You Very Much.Gary Litchfield .
 I bought these for my Mini-DVD Sony camcorder . Most of the disks give me read-errors when I try to view the recorded movie . I 've been throwing the defective ones to the trash , now I have about 5 left . I 'll buy a different brand and throw them all -LRB- verbatim worked like a charm before -RRB- . I can still save the video -LRB- as usual transferring the DVD 's to my hard-drive -RRB- , but there are lots of hiccups due to the very many defective sectors . I have never , ever had such a miserable experience with any media .
 I had originally purchased a pair of EarHugger headphones , and I loved them . Unfortunatly I lost them when I missed placed my gym bag . I searched and found these which I thought would be a decent replacment , but I do n't like them nearly as much as the other pair . These just do n't feel as comfortable , do n't have a built in volume control , do n't have foam padding over the earpiece -LRB- and I think mine are defective since the left headphone continually gives me little shocks . -RRB- So if you are looking for ear bud style headphones , I would suggest passing on these and getting the EarHugger AV-2000 Earbud-Style Headphone .
 I ordered this kit , 99-8205 , for the Toyota Matrix/Pontiac Vibe . Apparently there is a difference in the dash trim between 2003/2004 models and the 2005-2008 . The dash kit was upgraded to cover all models from 2003 to 2008 . However , they did not change the part number . So , I ordered a 99-8205 kit for my 2008 Matrix and received the older kit for the ' 03 / '04 models . They have the same part number . I asked Metra customer service to send me the correct pieces and they said NO . The better option would be to order the Scosche TA2044B which is available here at Amazon for a better price and no hassle .
 We bought this and it DOES NOT fit our 2007 pontiac vibe . It does n't line up and sticks way out and too low so we ca n't put the dash on . Also , the screws provided were far too short to actually connect the radio to the dash kit.DO NOT BUY IF YOU HAVE A 2007 Pontiac Vibe !!!
 While the title AND description state this will work for the 2003-2008 models -LRB- Toyota Matrix -RRB- , it does NOT fit the 2005 Matrix . In fact the directions state -LRB- EXCLUDES 2005-2008 -RRB- WHAT ???? Why is that on the instructions but not updated in the title and amazon description.Sending it back for refund .
 This kit can be made to work , but the process is not intuitive nor is it robust without fully gluing the kit together as a double din . In my case I was installing a head unit with a 7 '' LCD , and the kit had to be trimmed accurately as not to hit the factory fascia . Only 1/8 '' made the difference of fitting and showing a gap . I could be wrong , but this seems to be the only kit available for double din on a '04 Matrix other than complete scratch fabrication .
 I bought this product for my 2005 Toyota Matrix as it says it works . However , even after having it PROFESSIONALLY installed the installer stated there is NO WAY this was made for Matrix . He had to put all kinds of spacers and trim off 1/4 of the box -LRB- taking the bottom COMPLETELY off -RRB- . If you have a Matrix consider something else . This product was horrible .
 Tried to install this Metra kit on my 2005 Pontiac Vibe . I 've installed a few decks , so this was not my first time . Took about 20-30 minutes to assemble the Metra pieces , of which the instructions were not easy to follow . The screws included hang on by a thread , so I ended up having to use super glue to hold the sides on . After getting it together I went to install it in the car . The problem was the mounting kit is too wide to fit into the trim piece . I tried both face plates , all the different options , and nothing worked . It is roughly 1/8 inch too wide - which is just enough to make it NOT WORK.Out of my frustration I overnighted the Scosche Pt2049B , and it is perfect . Came already assembled - and it feels literally 10x stronger . Installed in 5 minutes.No questions here - buy the Scosche.I do n't work for either company - however I attempted both and one worked , and the other did n't . Do n't waist your time and money like I did .
 So I got this item not knowing what I was getting into . This item comes with a label on it . Label states THIS ITEM INTENDED FOR SALE AT Staples . IF FOUND AT OTHER OUTLETS , CALL 1-866-877-3836 . The number turns out to be Ethics Hotline which investigates items sold outside Staples . Now after printing just a few hundred pages , the toner is out of ink . Hence paying $ 27 means I purchased product which was not as advertised and probably it was a display item for in-store use . Hence it is out of ink.This is my follow-up feedback .
 It got corrupted for a few days when I used it with windows vista as a ready boost which totally useless technology ... I do n't know exactly which one was the offender
 The sound from this unit is mediocre at best . I actually believe it is way overpriced . I have a logitech 2.1 computer speaker system that cost about have as much and sounds 10 times as good.PROSnone ... CONSvery poor base responseweak treble outputcheap cheeseee overall sound ... remote ipod functions are limited
 The sound quality is just ok at this price . However , the remote controller has difficulty to control my ipod touch . Wo n't recommend to buy .
 i bought this thing thinking it would make life simpler . i am pretty computer savy , and yet could not for the life of me figure out how to sync this unit with my pc . forget about using the mp3 player . i was so frustrated , i finally just gave it awayl . i plan on buying a palm . and casio 's customer support is absolutely horrible . big mistake , and a big waste of money . i still use my address book , until i buy a palm unit . dont waste your time , unless you are a total computer wiz , with a phd in computers . forget it .
 I have owned this unit . It 's processor was very slow when searching a contact . It took up to 20 seconds . I have always had Casio PDA 's , but had to trade this one in for a Toshiba .
 The BE-300 runs a Casio-specific embedded WinCE , and WILL NOT run all the PocketPC software that runs on the iPaq , the Toshibas , etc. . The reason this device is cheap is because it only has 16MB ROM/16MB RAM . PocketPC requires 32MB ROM/32MB RAM .
 This device , which I received for Christmas a year ago , is joke . It has no good software , and the screen is a little small . I tried to use Mazingo on it , but it oculd n't process fast enough , nad would crash . No IR port , and the keyboard I bought was a knockoff that Casio Just decided to use again , and the BE-300 was no match . Listening to MP3 's was impossible while typing , because no task manager to run multiple taks s at once , and the jack was at the bottom . Finally , it recently crashed for good . Casio 's hours are 9-5 , when I am at school andparents are at work . I emailed them , but no response . So I now am buying a Dell Axim X5 in hopes of a better product , b/c I have heard/read that the Dell is best for the money .
 PDA is way too much work . Does n't even have the Expense tracking that my old Casio Pocket View 200 has ! Not many games available - so what good is the color ? Brighthand has a lot of info on how to put PocketNes games on , etc. , but it sure was n't easy to do . If you 're a hacker and like messing with programs , go ahead and get this . But I just want an easy-to-use system which this is not .
 I bought this unit for my son . The hardware itself performs well.The software is where it goes bad . In the specs it says it can play MP3 files . What it does n't tell you , you can only play books that can be downloaded from an audible.com site.Not what a young adult is looking for , books !!!!!!! At this time I ca n't find any audio player that can be used with the BE-300 that would let you listen to music MP-3 files.Another problem with software is that the bundled software only allows it to sync to outlook . It does n't provide a desktop scheduler to sync with like PALM and Visor units . Bottom Line , to sync up with a desktop PC you must have microsoft outlook . I think people would be better off with a visor for scheduling and a real MP3 player to listen to music . If Casio wants to compete in this market they will have to provide stand alone software that is useable for scheduling and a MP3 player that can play music
 Well , after a few days searching over the Internet to buy a nice pocket pc , i decided to buy a Toshiba e570 or a Audiovox Maestro , but Amazon didnt have them on stock so i decided to buy a Casio E-200 that looked nice , and full of things i would like to have -LRB- 64MB RAM , CF , SD , etc -RRB- . When i got it , the first thing i say when i saw it was
 Im not saying this is really a bad `` Pocket Manager '' , but i would not purchase it if you want any other programs than the ones that came with it . Why do i say this ? Beacuse it really isnt a Windows CE machine , its BASED on windows CE . The color screen is the good , the best in its class . I dont like `` trashing '' items , but I i have to warn you not to buy this , unless you just need it for buissnes or school . The color screen , has a slow responce , is blurry and the the dark colors look fuzzy . It is thick , -LRB- About an inch thick -RRB- Does not have any type of linking capibilities , no beam option , but you dont need one , theres nothing to beam . Also video files have to be in . CMF format -LRB- Casio Movie Format -RRB- and they dont have incoders to turn video diels into the . CMF format , The only movies you can see are the ones at the casio website . I still have yet to find out how to put MP3 's on it . If you think your slick and you think you go to Windows Media Player , then click , Transfer to Device , YOUR WRONG . Its not a Windows CE device so it doenst work . Installing the HotSyncing tool was a hassle , even though I am very good with that type of thing , Complex to use , no help files . Also it has a cheep feel to it , like if you squezed it it would break . Also the majority of the people I know have Palm OS based machines , hell , they ALL do , even I do -LRB- My friend got this , he thought he was cool cuase he had color , now he feels left out , 15 of us have palms , V 's , Sony Clies , And even one has a Palm III , and he cant send to us or play games -RRB- . Even though there clock speed is slower -LRB- 16 - 33 MHZ -RRB- while Pocket PCs have processors that are 8 times faster , they feel slower , they are not as efficent as the Palms . Palms look more profesinal , are not so exspenive and have THOUSANDS of programs for them . You can send stuff to each other , and expand them . Oh yeah , this machine has a compact flash port , thats a plus . Excuse me for `` hotwatering '' this product . The final vertict , do not buy this machine unless you will NEVER need to expand it.P.S . If you want it for the Mp3 player , get a Real mp3 player like a Nomad or a mindisk player .
 This is a pocket organizer based on CE software.What does that mean?It can not use 99 % of the existing PocketPC software . Casio is promoting products to compile versions to work with the BE , but currently there is virtually nothing .
 I was looking for compatibility with certain Win CE Programs.It tells you nowhere that it has its own Casio Proprietary customized operating system , that does not allow running Active Sync -LRB- which is the interface between your PC and this dumb PDA -RRB- Instead it has a program called `` PC Connect '' and very few programs have been written for it . Very dissapointing and deceiving
 Although this unit looks cool and probably functions well , I was misled . My intention for purchasing a pocket PC was to use the Pocket version of Microsoft Streets & Trips and to be able to use a spreadsheet I created using Microsoft Excel . After hours of trying to install and connect using Microsoft ActiveSync -LRB- the program required to install Pocket Streets & Trips & other Windows CE Software -RRB- I gave in and called customer service . They quickly told me that it was n't going to work because Casio 's system is NOT WINDOWS CE but rather is BASED on that technology . It is Casio 's own version of Windows CE so , guess what , the software made for Windows CE pocket PC 's will NOT WORK ON THE CASIO . The only software available for this unit is the little it comes with and whatever is available on ... Check out the website and you 'll find there 's NOTHING there . What a disappointment . I 'm sorry to have wasted my money and time . Again this is not based on the unit 's performance itself , but rather on the fact that its operating system is very misleading . They claim that it 's `` Windows Powered '' and they use the Windows logo but again it IS NOT WINDOWS CE and will NOT RUN WINDOWS CE SOFTWARE !
 This Pocket PC may have been glorious a whiles back , but to whoever reviewed it in April of 2002 and called it the greatest Pocket PC out there is by far wrong.The innards of this Pocket PC are standard - the same as every other Pocket PC . The same 206mhz Processor , same 320x240 screen.Now we come to the form factor of these Casio PPCs . Ew ew ew ! Boxy , fat , and plain ugly ! Then , look at the Audiovox Maestro , the shapeliest PPC on the market . It has all the same stuff , except 32MB less RAM . And several hundred dollars cheaper . You can easily remedy the RAM problem for much cheaper than the price difference , and you still have a beautiful form factor . Check out the form sizes.The reviewers who call this machine amazing are really reviewing the amazing features of PPC2002 operating system . Not the Casio Pocket PC.Go with the Audiovox Maestro , for hundreds of dollars less , and better form factor ... You 'll see that this Casio 's not worth the terrible price .
 This may seem nice for the outside but on the inside it seems to have fallen short on it 's operating system . This PDA 's OS was based on Windows CE but it is not win CE . There for it is harder to get software that is compadable with it . The one good thing that it does have is it 's MP3 player which sounds good but is a little weak when it comes to being able to control a some .
 After purchasing my BE-300 , I could not access attached files or re-sync my calendar . Only my tasks and contacts would sync properly . After repeated attempts to Casio Support , I 've returned my BE-300 . Very dissatisfied .
 After pointing out that the Casion BE300 does have a backlit screen and many adjustments , I just discovered that I ca n't transfer my Microsoft Outlook Address Book to the unit.I 'm retired now , but do n't have an infinite number of years to figure it out , and refuse to go back and key everything in with a stylus.So , back in the box it goes , to be disposed of at a flea market , or maybe I 'll send it to a 35-year old kid I know who has lots of time to play with it.I see it 's being sold as a clearance item . Not surprised.Ah well , live and learn . Or so they tell us.Steve Quinn .
 At first , I loved it . But I slowly discovered that the daily planner was not very customizable .1 -RRB- You ca n't choose the color of the fonts in the planner -LRB- they are pre-determined -RRB- and some of them are too faint to see .2 -RRB- It automatically scrolls down your appointments , and there is no way to turn this feature off .3 -RRB- You ca n't download just any Windows CE software ... It only accepts Casio software .3 -RRB- It 's slow .4 -RRB- There does n't seem to be any way to jump to different dates . You can only jump to today 's date .5 -RRB- I miss the `` find '' feature that palm OS machines have .
 The color and graphics are great - however the only software you can use - is that made for the BE-300 strictly . Windows CE based software with not work , at least I have n't found the trick yet . I bought the BE-300 , thinking it would work for my medical software - boy I was wrong . Now I strictly use the BE-300 for addresses and to play games . I contacted Cassio via email several times and never received a reply to any of my questions I think there 's a Handspring or Palm in my near future . If anyone has some helpful suggestions - please post them .
 This is a good little starter PDA . If you want to JUST take down addresses and keep track of a calendar . I had a horrible time syncing with Office . PC Connect is really bad . As for software . Good luck . There are some bulletin boards on the net to get software , but there is a VERY limited supply of software . Most programs do not work . Even the CE programs . Casio sells you something that is barely able to be supported . My advice , save your money a while longer and get something you will enjoy .
 Product is nice , but completely unusable for what I wanted to frame . Not including the mat , the space for the photograph is only 6.5 x 4.5 . Please be aware when you buy !
 I bought this item to go with my Canon 18-200mm F3.5-56 lens for my Canon 40D . Well , I was disappointed to see that at 18mm this hood leaves a nice vignette . You have to zoom it to around 40-50mm to get rid of it , but then you do n't have wide angle . I wish I knew this from the beginning . In other words - you get what you pay for !
 If you are trying to change over a Wrangler Inifinity system you will need the male adapter . This is the wrong one .
 The adapters pictured are not the ones that were shipped to me . I ordered these two times , from two different manufacturers and neither time did I receive what I need . I now have to make returns and can not use my equipment .
 Very poory quality . I bumped the connector lightly and noticed it wiggle . I then wiggled it with my fingers and it broke . Pretty darn fragile .
 This adapter arrived Dead On Arrival . Such a hassle to do a return on such a small item . After reading other reviews prior I probably should have known better .
 It looks fine , but do n't buy it unless you can wait over a month for it to arrive.And be sure you realize that the Type A connector is a female . That is , it wo n't plug into the port on your computer .
 The adaptor I received appears to be dead . Utterly failed to connect my USB print server dongle.I know this :1 -RRB- The printer USB output works , since I can plug a cable into it and print .2 -RRB- The wireless print server dongle works , since it lights up when I plug into my laptop.But when I plug the dongle into the adaptor into the printer output ... nothing . No signal , no LED , which means no power going through.Conclusion
 $ 9 was what amazon quoted me for shipping handling for this product for standard shipping . Too much for such a small item the only costs $ 4.25
 I normally do n't write reviews even if I do n't like a product but felt compelled to since it may be a matter of safety . The frame itself looks decent - maybe a little cheap but looks like it will do the job . The problem is the four metal U Clips that are attached to the back to keep the picture in place . They are not only rudimentary and unstable but are dangerous . Following the instructions -LRB- which tell you to press down on the U clip - which hold the picture in the frame by a spring-like pressed coiling action -RRB- , I grabbed the U Clip to push down and remove from the edge of the frame . Then ... pain ! There were uneven serrated edges on the metal clip that instantly sliced thru my thumb . Once I stopped the bleeding I was too scared to use the U Clips . Nonetheless , being lazy I thought well I do n't want to go thru the trouble of returning it so let me try to make it work . Bad choice . As I mentioned , the metal clips work thru a pressure/spring action . Can you imagine what happened next . As I was replacing the U Clips -LRB- again following the half paragraph instruction that came with the frame -RRB- , one of the clips did n't clip onto the frame fully and in an instant it popped loose and sprang out and hit me on my face , narrowly missing my eye . So , after getting my thumb sliced open and nearly losing an eye , I decided the frames were n't worth it after all . For the price , I just do n't know why they did n't have the normal small twisty clips that seem standard on most frames instead of this metal death trap . I am returning them .
 This print head and ink cartridge installation process is flawed . Lots of error messages asking for physical reinstallation of print head and cartridges even though they are snapped into place correctly . Went through installtion process about 8 times before OK . Also get error message when printing asking for unit to be powered off and back on . Almost returned this unit . When it is working , performance is OK .
 You have been warned ... The unit has never worked as advertised . The ADF either does n't work , scans only one page out of a set , or reverse collates everything.ADF black and white scans are illegible . Grayscale scans are far too light.Printer often does n't even initiate.During the past 6 months I have tried numerous firmware updates and software updates , to no avail . Comically , at one point I actually received this letter from Kodak ... Greetings Mr. X , I am responding to your question regarding using the scanning feature in conjunction with the document feeder . Please be advised that you will only get a scan of the first page of your document if you use the document feeder . The document feeder is a feature that is meant to work with copying only . If you have more than one page to scan , you must lay them on the scanner glass one at a time.Thank you for contacting Kodak . If you should have any further questions , please feel free to contact us at 1-800-235-6325 . Your case number to reference is XXXX . Thank you.Sincerely , XXXXXKodak Assistance Team
 The lower cost of ink is a non-issue , because it prints so few pages - you have to replace quite often . It uses the color ink for some kind of test or maintenance function , so the color ink disappears even if you 're only using black and white . If either the black or color cartridge runs out -LRB- which it does WAY too often -RRB- you can not print at all , even if you opt to use strictly color or black and white . They have some reason for this that sounds ridiculous to someone like me who simply wants good value for my money.The printer has trouble handling different thicknesses of paper - it jams frequently when I use photo stock , card stock , or lightweight paper.I 've never been able to get the silly thing to read my camera memory card and save to the computer . It says it 's doing that , and then just stops as if it has done its job - but those pictures are not anywhere in my computer . It will print from the card ok , but not save to file.All told , I ca n't wait to buy another printer , and it wo n't be a Kodak .
 I bought this printer from Best Buy like one of the other users that placed a review about it . After about nine months , it gave me a printer head error message and is now a doorstop . I am tech savvy and was unable to fix this piece of junk . Not worth the $ 200.00 at all .
 I bought the printer from Fry 's about 9 months ago . The printer is well made and photographs print very well . Two sided printing has worked without a single paper jam . It has its quirks but is a full featured printer with very reasonable ink prices . However , I am not able to print from a Mac over the network , with the printer directly connected to a Windows XP machine , even with the latest drivers.All these things would have been forgiven except that three months ago , some of the colors stopped printing . After digging around Kodak 's support web site , the problem was diagnosed to a bad print head . The company was very kind in mailing me a replacement without charge . It solved the problem.Now the same symptoms are back again . As before , the company has agreed to send a replacement print head , but there seems to be some design flaw that repeatedly causes the failure . The experience of other users at Amazon and -LSB- ... -RSB- seems to mirror mine . Oh yes , I use genuine Kodak inks . Who would n't at their prices?So , much as I like the features and build quality of the printer , I have to give it an overall bad rating because of the reliability of the print head . It is such a pity , since Kodak absolutely had the right idea about customers paying for a high quality printer that does n't gouge you on ink cartridges.Such a near miss , Kodak . Sigh !
 This printer worked fine for a couple of months -- long enough to get out of the return warranty period -- before producing unacceptable color copies . Repeated efforts to clean the print head , replace the cartridges , troubleshoot , etc. , were fruitless . Ordinarily , you might get what you pay for . In this case , however , what I am left with is an oversized doorstop . Avoid this printer completely .
 Printer ink is cheap that is why we bought it . But support is non existent , printer cover over ink does not close easily and breaks very easily . Ink-printer fails to work often making us replace the ink several times to get it to print or copy again - costing a lot more than $ 9 per ink . And each ink tank is very small for the number of copies we print when compared to larger and more expensive ink . Right now it does n't print at all for us - or copy and kodak would not give us support , so we are stuck with no printer for now . This printer is a nightmare .
 The Kodak Easyshare 5500 is the worst printer ever created . The ink just evaporates in thin air . Cartriges just dry up and do n't work . My favorite part is how you ca n't use any function on the printer when one of the ink cartridges are empty . Ca n't send a fax , scan photos into the computer , or use the memory card reader which is the most important function for me . Then nobody in town sells the cartridges . Not Office Max , and Office Depot hardly ever has them in stock . How lame . Their customer support is joke who just keep passing the buck . Spent at least 15 hours on the phone with them and they will not repair my printer even though I bought it direclty from them . They just keep blaming it on software issues . . which is their software . DO NOT BUY . I 'm crushing mine with a sledge hammer.thanks for reading
 I purchased a Kodak all-in-one 5500 2 years and 4 months ago . After going through three print heads in that amount of time I had about had it . The hard to understand help desk man ran me through all the troubleshooting hoops which I had run myself so darn many times before . I knew exactly what was wrong ... After the last print head crapped out I had even set an alarm for every two weeks to run the deep clean to keep the print head in good condition -LRB- no use . -RRB- He then gave me the options of now of * buying * a new print head -LRB- that I am sure would die in less than a year -RRB- or getting a discount to * buy * a new Kodak printer -LRB- which the `` help '' desk could not tell me if they had fixed the print head issues with . -RRB- no spank you!I did some internet research and bought me a Canon Pixma . Have only heard good things about it.don ' t go here . there be monsters .
 Had a printer head failure as diagnosed by the Kodak self help web site . They sent a new one . Now it has failed a second time and installed a second new head . It did not correct the problem . Talked to the Kodak customer service rep -LRB- India -RRB- for hr + trying everything to correct the problem . They are sending a replacement machine UPS and I am to ship the broken one back to them . I am not very pleased with the quality of the printer but have to say customer service has been responsive .
 I purchased this printer after seeing all the commercials on TV that told me how much I would save on ink . WRONG ! Did not work at all most of the time . Apparently , they have a defect but still choose to sell them anyway . After much time troubleshooting with customer service , they did send me a new print head which worked for about 6 months . Then , back to no printing at all . As for saving money on ink ... . what a crock ! Photo quality is the worst ever . My printer from 8 years ago produced a better photo . AND even though most of my printing is on `` draft '' quality in order to save ink , it tells me I 'm out and must replace the cartridge . Yep , $ 20 color cartridge that is still heavy with ink . There is no override to keep going . It 's like it 's programmed based on the number of pages , not actual ink used . WORST PRINTER I HAVE EVER SEEN . -LRB- and I have spent 9 years as a secretary using many , many , many printers ! -RRB-
 Right out of the box , this Kodak printer did not print . As in nothing ... blank page ! Called and after an hour with customer service , they sent a new part . The new print head worked for about 7 months -LRB- personal use only , not heavy business load -RRB- , then stopped printing again . It goes through the motions , but nothing or a very faint shadow on the paper . AND It sucks ink like crazy . I bought this after hearing all the commercials of the cost of ink . Talk about false advertisement ! It has never ever printed a decent photo . Documents were ok , when they printed . Does n't matter if ink is a little low and you still want to print -LRB- like if you were printing research materials and the quality did n't really matter -RRB- , once it detects low ink , it shuts down and will not print anything at all ! Not like other printers which will continue until bone dry . VERY wasteful ! -LRB- and that 's when it 's working at all -RRB- BUYER BEWARE !
 We purchased this model about 2 years ago at Best Buy for our Church . We are a small congregation and do not make a lot of copes only about 30 a month . After about a year it stopped printing . We wasted time and money buying more ink , finally taking it back to best buy as we purchased thier replacement warranty . They tried but Could not fix it , gave up and gave us store credit which we used to buy an HP as I personally have always had HP 4 in one 's with NOissue at home . Thought this Kodak would be great after seeing the features and `` cheaper ink '' they talked about on the Celebrity Apprentice well , for all I care Gene Simmons can have his Kodak World .
 No wonder this printer got bad reviews . I bought this printer from best buy and after 3 months , not even 15 pages , i got a warning that color ink cartridge needs replacing ???? . Thw worst part is , i can not perform any function until i replace the cartridge it seems -LRB- I telked to kodak -RRB- . I can not even switch it off . The power button cant be switched off and i need to take the plug out from the socket to turn it off . What a cheating.He also told me that i can not perform any function like scanning , faxing . I can not believe it as obviously u dont need ink to be replaced for these functions . On the top of it , The laptop is not recognising the printer once u connect the USB cable . So the KODAK is making sure u buy the cartridges , otherwise , nothing works.If you are a sensible customer , U will never buy this . when i bought this , obviously i did not know all these small print.THIS IS THE MOST CUSTOMER UNFRIENDLY COMPANY I HAVE EVER SEEN . I will never buy any product from this company in my life . I was so frustrated after talking to them , i threw my printer out of my home and also my kodak digital camera.Never ever buy this .
 I can only echo all of the terrible experiences listed here ... I wo n't enumerate the entirety all of my frustrations with this POS , but suffice to say I 'm furious about the hours and hours on hold with clueless tech support ; spinning in circles with software that did n't work and did n't play nice with my computer ; garbage print quality , ink that lasts 1/10th as long as they claim ; clogged print heads ; promises from tech support to get back to me with a fix ... etc , etc.Without question this was the most infuriating consumer product I have ever purchased ... and , for the money , aggravation , time , trouble , and anger they have caused me , I hope once-mighty Kodak goes the way of ENRON.D . YoungTallahassee
 Problems I 've had :1 . To install it required uninstalling . net . Not someone the average pc user can do . 2 . There 's a known problem with the print head drying out and Kodak needing to send another print head . Kodak replaces it free of charge , but you have to wait . 3 . Software freezes and requires a pc reboot . 4 . Defaults of the printer get stuck at Copy , requiring resetting to factory defaults in order to print . 5 . Have had to reinstall the software 3 times . 6 . Jams while scanning which causes you to lose your scan work . 7 . More issues We are going to throw this printer away . I hope this review will keep you from making the same mistake I did.Kodak EasyShare 5500 All-in-One Printer Print , Copy , Scan , and Fax -LRB- 1600105 -RRB-
 I was persuaded to buy this product , in part , because of positive reviews on this site . Unfortunately , the initial color and black cartridges ran out in no time and did so simultaneously -LRB- although I almost never need/want to make color prints -RRB- . I purchased refills at my local Wal-Mart in June ... but the Kodak 5500 printer refused to recognize these brand-new color and black cartridges upon installation , `` reading '' them as empty in the information screen and refusing to allow the machine to function . Well , I purchased a second set of refills , same place ... managed to get two months of occasional printing from them -LRB- I 'm not a daily nor a heavy user -RRB- . Today = crisis ; the black cartridge is showing on the readout as two-thirds full , however , all my efforts to print simple one-page letters turn out totally blank . Junk , junk , junk .
 this printer is probably the worst purchase I have made . It always says the paper tray is out of paper when its not , you have to just push the ok button anyway to get it to print . the scanner always scans a 8.5 x11 sheet at 8.5 x 14 with a big bright green band in the space between 11 inches and 14 inches . I bought it because the ink was supposed to cheap , but it runs out of ink all so quickly . And then it just stops printing way before there is any visible lack of ink in the prints , it just says ink low and I am not printing anymore untl you give kodak more money .
 Horrible printer . I have only had the printer for 6 months and the scanner wo n't allow me to print the files that I scan . Every time I try to open the All in One program , the kodak image locks up on my computer so I ca n't even get into the program to use the features . Now the ink wo n't print on the paper even after changing the cartridges . I have also tried to download the new program they offer to help with the problems it is having and I ca n't even do that . My computer is not that old so it is not the computer I am using . I have contacted Kodak and have spent numerous hours talking to there support center and nobody can help me . I should have stuck with my 5 year old HP .
 I am seriously so irritated with this printer I am ready to throw it out the window . I too get `` printer not responding '' messages all the time . I work at home doing medical transcription and I can not type a report and print something at the same time as the printer stops the print job and locks up my work program , so I have to sit and wait for the printer to finish printing before doing my work , which actually costs me money . I never use the color ink cartridge , I always print in black , but yet the color ink cartridge keeps running out . I have never had a printer do that . If one of the cartridges is empty , forget being able to fax . The whole machine locks up and wo n't let you do anything until you replace the cartridge . As a matter of fact I am sitting here right now with a message on the printer stating the color ink cartridge needs to be replaced and the `` attention '' light is flashing . The printer wo n't even turn off at this point . The printer is also very noisy if you print in `` draft '' mode and sometimes the pages come out so light you can barely read them , even if the cartridge is full .
 After years of jet printing no company should have problems making this printer . This Printer is big , Bulky and heavy . It prints Ok after it 's initial sing 'n dance startup routine . I 've used many other -LRB- cheaper -RRB- priners , none so poor . I have had to call Kodak for print head problems and other software issues . Do your self a favor `` Do Not Buy this '' research research research before you pull out that card from your pocket in this economy .
 I purchased a Kodak 5500 AiO from Best Buy . At first uses there was no problem . After several weeks of no use , the next time a print job was made , there was a printing problem with the black color . I thought that the pigment dried up so I purchased a new cartridge even though I knew that the few pages I printed in the beginning was not ehough to use up the pigment . After trying to print again , the problem persisted . I 've ran the print head cleaning feature , both basic clean and deep clean , again and again after each problematic print job of the demo page . It would also seem the each time I took out the cartriges to check if there was a plug blocking the pigments and checked ink levels , the levels would go down even though I would run any print jobs . So far I 've purchased 3 black cartriges and 2 color cartriges and no improvement . Kodak claims that you save money per print jobs compared to all other ink brands , but this has costme an arm and a leg . Now it would appear that I will try my hand in getting a new print head at additional cost if you are lucky enough to find a provider .
 OK , I saw the TV ad for this and I wanted one . I bought from Amazon and received it promptly . I followed the instructions to set up the printer and was able to print a calibration sheet . I was prompted to put the calibration sheet on the scanner and press OK . I then received a `` Fatal Error '' message . I had to go online to find out what the error was and how to fix it . I was instructed to remove the ink and the print head and reinstall . Pavlav would have been proud . I did this at least a dozen times and kept getting a message that the ink and print head needed to be reinstalled.SO , I never did get to use the printer . I found many other posts on the internet referring to the same problem . Apparently , Kodak has followed the Microsoft practice of releasing a product in a ` beta ' stage . THis is much easier done with software than hardware . It ' a cheap printer made in China and is not a quality product . I 'm appalled that Kodak would put their name on such an obvious piece of junk .
 I 've had this printer for about 2 months now . and i can get it to print a normal page about once ever 8 pages otherwise it prints a shrunken version in the upper right hand corner of the page . other than the comedy factor of reading a 2 and a half inch tall Google map it is not very useful . Also there is no 64 bit version of the home software so i guess i do n't get to use that ... the system tray software just repeatedly pops up a window asking `` Photo paper tray ? '' until you kill the process . also not terribly helpful.I also can not update the software on this computer because it is connected over the network instead of through usb . very charming.Although it seems like a decent machine when it does work . It is obvious Kodak is not a software company . I do n't understand how you can release a product seemingly without testing it , but i guess they figure people will be happy with happy paying for a doorstop while they figure things out .
 I saw this printer on the TV show , `` The Apprentice . '' The idea of inexpensive ink plus the price being considerably less than the other all-in-one I had planned to buy convinced me to buy it . I should have stuck with the other printer ! This has got to be the slowest printer I have ever owned and that includes the dot matrix printers from the late 1980 's ! Perhaps if you were printing more than one copy the multiple copies would print faster . Or maybe when I get my higher-end computer . It seems to have to think for an incredibly long time before it begins to print . It sometimes locks up after it has been ` thinking ' for about 4 minutes and I have to start the print job all over . The color printouts once it does get around to printing are not the greatest quality . Must be `` draft . '' I hesitate to think how long it would take if I tried the duplexing . I have n't tried to print a photo as yet.I gave it two stars only because it does have many functions and it is very `` pretty . `` I get the standard message about the printhead being missing and it also thinks it has a paper jam with great regularity . I have to open and shut the top to convince it there is no paper jam.As far as collating goes , does it collate ? Everything I have printed has to be re-shuffled , just like my 5-year old Canon.If you are planning on buying this printer , I would definately re-think it unless you have a lot a time to burn .
 I start having a problem with this printer Kodak EasyShare 5500 All-in-One the same day was received . I try to print , just was giving me a warnig sign.I returned it right of way.I do not recommended to any one.I call Kodak and the seller company the offer me tecnical suport.I dont need that with something new to start , and later gets more problems .
 Purchased 5500 in May 2008 . Have always experienced the `` phantom ink '' issue which seems to be a common issue . In it 's entire life it has probably printed out 20 pictures . The pictures were of decent quality but since CVS and other places allow you to upload pictures , print , and pick up from store for so cheap it has n't been used in a while . I have a HP Deskjet that is probably 10-15 years old that prints all my black and white documents just fine . I pulled the 5500 out to scan a document recently . That 's all I need it for , so why in the world does the `` all-in-one '' demand that I refill the ink . It literally does not function without ink cartridges full of ink . I want to scan the document and save it as a . pdf file . Ca n't do it with ink . Ink that I do n't want to waste my money on . Kodak is right about one thing , their ink is cheap . Cheap little containers of crap .
 Never again will I purchase anything remotely associated with KODAK . This was a total loss of $ 300.00 in all . Support you ask ? What support ? What a waste of time and money .
 First let me say that I have been a fan of Kodak for some time buying their cameras and printers . I bought this 5200 series all in one for several reasons . Nice price and low cost of ink . Printer prints well , scans well , is wireless , but one huge problem . I print documents on black and white and in draft quality . The printer has a counter as to the number of things printed and tells the print cartridges that they are getting empty . I Never print in color yet I go through the color cartridges faster than the b & w . Once the printer tells you the color cartridge is empty you can not print anything until you replace it . Even if it has never been used you have to trash it and go buy another $ 14.99 color cartridge before you can print the first black line of text . Kodak has lost a customer for life as i feel like I 'm taking one on the chin every time I buy another color cartridge .
 I have nothing good to say about this `` none-in-one '' center . I am thankful that I received it as a gift , and did n't purchase it , but the amount of frustration this thing has caused me far outweighs even the cost of the ink which barely lasts.I can only make some judgments on the scan and print features , the two I TRY to use the most.As a scanner , it 's accceptable , but the image quality is just poor and scanned photos often look grainy . Just `` adequate '' is not adequate for me , and many others for whom photo quality is important.As a printer , this thing is an epic fail . As I mentioned , the ink seems to just vanish . I print maybe 10-20 documents a year , mostly in black and white . Yet my color ink just seems to vanish inexplicably . And sometimes BLACK INK WILL NOT PRINT . Yep . It just , wo n't . Despite having a full tank . I searched many forums online and found that this is a big issue with many others . I 've had to reinstall the printer software several times to correct this.Oh , and if one of your ink cartridges runs out , the printer WO N'T DO ANYTHING . It simply alerts you that an ink cartridge needs replacing . It becomes useless as a scanner , or even a black and white printer -LRB- if color ink is depleted -RRB- . It just waits for you to shell out money for new ink . Complete rip-off and unforgivable.This Kodak EasyShare is really a HardSell . Stay away from this piece of junk .
 I bought this printer because of the All-in-One features and supposed savings on ink . It is the worst printer I have ever owned and I wasted over $ 300 trying to get it to work properly . First I was told that it would work with my Mac running OSX then when I received it it did not work . I called customer service and after an hour of troubleshooting the tech told me I would need to upgrade my OS . So , another $ 100 to upgrade my system and I got it running . At this point the warranty is running out because I had to wait until I could afford the upgrade . It worked ok for about 50 pictures and then turned to crap . Apparently , the printheads are bad and now Kodak wants to charge me more money for new ones because the printer is out of warranty . Well , Kodak ... I think I will cut my losses and never , ever buy your products again . The hardware is garbage and the firmware just plain does n't work . Always thought of Kodak as a reputable company but after my experience and reading so many negative reviews I guess I was wrong . Do not feel like a `` valued customer '' as I was told I was . You have lost my business for good.Denise Willey
 I have owned this printer for two years and can easily say I have never experienced this many problems with any printer I have owned or experienced in my 13 years of working in I/T support . First the print head had to be replaced shortly after I got the printer . Now after two years and numerous support issues I am told the printer needs to be replaced . Now this printer has actually seen very little use . After finding and scanning and emailing my original receipt , I got the final word from Supervisor Deepak D. below that after all the problems beginning when the printer was in warranty the Kodak policy is to give you 30 % off a new Kodak printer because now the printer is out of warranty ... Now I owned a Lexmark printer for years and never had one issue with it . I decided I would upgrade and save money on ink and buy the Kodak printer ... This has turned out to be a big mistake , I spent way to much time nursing this printer and its problems for two years and do n't believe I saved any money on ink ... . Just my experience as a former Kodak printer owner ... Greetings Lynn , We are quite concerned over your experience , and are sorry for the inconvenience or frustration this has caused you . We appreciate your patience and co-operation in this matter . Thank you for sharing your concern regarding your Kodak All-in-One Printer.We would be more than happy to provide you the resolution as per your satisfaction , but we need to acknowledge a fact that is ; like any other manufacturer in the world , Kodak also has it 's policies , which can not and should not violated . According to that we can not replace a product which is out of warranty and hence we have already provided you all the available options.We understand that your experience with Kodak printer has not been so pleasant . Please give us a chance so that we can make you experience with Kodak , a pleasant one.Please let us know if you agree ; we will send you the coupon code for 30 % discount on purchase of any Kodak All in One printer.Please feel free to call our phone support at 1-800-421-6699 from Sunday till Saturday from 9 am till Midnight EST -LRB- Except national holidays -RRB- Once again we apologize for the inconvenience . Thank you for sharing your thoughts with us . Please keep sending your valuable feedbacks as it helps us in improving ourselves.Thanks and regards , Deepak D. -LRB- Supervisor -RRB- Kodak Assistance Team - AiO Support
 I have had this printer for a little over a year , spend around $ 200 . The main reason for purchasing an `` all in one '' printer was the convince of scanning and e-mailing documents . Woke up this morning with some very important documents I had to scan and e-mail out , and my scanner stopped working . Not happy ! Again I have only had this printer a little over a year ! What a waste of money !! Off to purchase a new machine , will not be a Kodak .
 I 'm not happy with this printer . The color prints look dull , not vibrant like they should be . It jams a lot , and prints come out crooked sometimes . It 's a big disapointment , especially since it is such a pricey printer .
 Kodak had an opportunity to start making a comeback in the market for home printing , copying , and imaging -LRB- photo -RRB- device , but they blew it . I bought this unit on Kodak 's sales pitch that I would save money on a print-per-page basis vs. ink cartridge cost , but I never got it to work right . Initially , I had to call customer service -LRB- not available on Sundays -RRB- just to set up the unit . My first disappointment was the machine 's inability to make an exact color copy of its very test color-printed page . The copy I obtained was 2 shades lighter than Kodak 's own original print-test , and this , even after having the machine calibrate itself a couple of times . The last straw that broke the camel 's back ; two days after setting up he unit , and for the very first time , I proceeded to print through the PC ; then the machine displayed an error message regarding the printhead . Kodak 's customer support staff was not able to solve the problem over the phone , even after following their instructions which consisted of removing and re-inserting the printhead 5 times -LRB- spooky -RRB- . In the end , Kodak 's customer service wanted to ship me a new printhead , but I said `` no thanks . '' I returned the merchandise .
 I was thoroughly excited to purchase this printer for home use , given the marketing hype of 10 cents per photo printing . As an IT manager and small business IT consultant , I like to test technology myself before foisting products on others.After 4 months with this printer , having it consume 3 sets of print carts on a handful of paper and photo 's , and now needing a new print head - oh yeah , and when the printer ink is gone , the scanner and fax functionality cease to operate , so I ca n't even scan something to memory card until I pour another c-note into print carts and a new head . LUDICROU$ ! . . Update - at least the Kodak tech support was very courteous and helpful so far , agreeing to send me a no charge new color print head to continue the troubleshooting process . I did manage to do some Start/Cancel combo at printer startup that allows me to use the scanner despite the print ink error condition.We will see how Kodak does with tech support going forward to resolve my current state of dissatisfaction , and I will update this review at that time .
 This printer has poor print speeds & quality . To top it all off Kodak would n't take it back because they only offer a `` 30-day guarantee . '' Do not buy .
 Could not get high quality scans . Tech support could not make it work beyond low quality . Software hangs up frequently requiring reboot . Software selections are limited , i.e. , only some size pictures can be printed . When trying to update software the file is so large the download hangs up and will not install . Tech support says `` It 's a Microsoft problem , call them '' No way to download the entire upgrade and then install from my hard drive . Do n't push in photo tray or everything prints to the 4x5 paper . Ink runs out very fast so while it 's cheaper , I seemed to be buying more all the time . I 'm returning it and wo n't buy another .
 The Kodak Easyshare 5500 sounded like a great all-in-one printer/fax/copier / scanner ... however , not a single one of those features have worked properly since day one . I actually had to bring the first 5500 back to the store where I bought it because the printer froze up within the first 30 minutes out of the box and I could not revive it . The replacement 5500 did not freeze , but I have a long list of issues with it : - It does not scan at all even after upgrading/reinstalling the firmware numerous times . It will begin scanning for about 2 seconds and then will just stop . - The fax has worked but the paper feed insists on pulling in 2 sheets at once after about 5 pages or so . - After not using the printer for a few months , the black ink has clogged the printhead so much that after replacing the ink cartridge and doing 10 deep self cleaning processes still has not unclogged it . - When doing a multi-page copy , the paper has jammed on numerous occasions . - Since this has a built-in sensor to check the paper type when fed into the machine , if I use a paper with a pattern on it , the machine will spit the page out with an error suggesting that it is not the proper paper to be used for the print job.There are much better AIO 's on the market , so be sure to check CNet.com for reviews , as well as personal reviews from Amazon customers .
 I purchased the Kodak all in one 5500-from the first day I found it to be slow , and very noisy I asked for help-was told it was normal . It would freeze mid project , stop working ... and finally Kodak sent me a new one . It did n't work at all . They sent me a third one ... it is now non functional and I am in to the 4th week of waiting for product resolution from Kodak . I ca n't even get my money back because I do n't have the original printer . Horrible , horrible ... all THREE printers were bad ...
 I had to try 3 before I got one to work properly , Kodak kept replacing them until I got one to work , just aggravating waiting for one to arrive and calling and tellin g them it wo ' t work . I do n't know how long this one will work . But is very easy to use , and prints great looking pictures faster than any I have had . Guess they will get all the kinks out soon .
 This Kodak 5500 is by far the worst printer I have ever seen . I bought it in November and have had nothing but problems . I submitted a request to fix a problem in January and have yet to get any response or fix -LRB- even after sending them two files showing the problem -RRB- . You have to clean the print head after about every 20 pages . The advertising is extremely false as to how many copies their cartridges get - it 's probably only half of what they advertise . It 's noisy and slow.I 'm going back to HP !
 Bought the printer , came in the mail really fast and I was very excited to print some pics with it after trying it out @ store and seeing great print quality . Setup was very simple . Worked really well and was easy to use , on the first day . The next day my husband went to make some copies and the printer said fatal error , a print head or cartridge was loose . After trying to figure out what the prblem was by taking out carts and attempting to fix I packed it up and shipped it back , I am now buying a HP C7280 , which was the brand the guy at the store recommended , and hoping to have better luck with it .
 Just like many of the reviews on here , the ink use is a problem . I am a teacher , so I print a lot . Many times I only get 50 sheets printed for one cartridge of ink.The prints look good when all is working right , but unfortunately that is not often . Many times I print and it has lines through it . I have had many printers , but thishas been the most frustrating and costly of all . I wish I could take mine back !
 I bought this Kodak Easyshare 5500 thinking it will save me money -LRB- ink -RRB- but was I wrong ! Did you know the printer stops working if ONE of the two ink cartridges are empty ? The color cartridge only prints 20 copies before it runs out . I tried to run the printer on black/white ONLY but the printer would not work . I called customer service and they stated I need BOTH color AND b/w to operate the printer ! What the ! @ # $ I have never heard of this before in ANY printer . Between that and the constant jamming of paper , fax issues and other small annoying habits of this printer ... I DO NOT RECOMMEND IT for anyone . I would use HP or Cannon printers from now on . Unfortunately , I learned my lesson the hard way.Sincerely , MoeYork , PA
 Print head problems , print head problems , print head problems . The whole reason for this printer was to reduce ink costs . The Kodak idea was to sell ink reservoirs and the print head remains in the printer . The problem with the concept is that the print heads wear out . Kodak , at the present time , does not sell replacement print heads . If you go through the laborious process of contacting customer service they will send you a new one along with some replacement ink `` cartridges '' . They 've done this for me 3 or 4 times . My question to them was why not sell the print heads as expendable supplies but they do not acknowledge that it is an expendable and do n't have plans to sell them . I wanted to find out if , in fact , I would be saving money on ink if I had to buy the print heads.Saving money on ink would be the only reason to buy this printer . My $ 25 Lexmark has better print quality.In summary
 I purchased the Kodak AIO 5500 a little over a year ago and it has proven to be the worst technology purchase I have ever made . Based on the -LRB- non -RRB- performance of this printer , I will never purchase another item made by Kodak again .
 I 've has this printer for well over a year . I 've had to request three new printer heads from Kodak and the printing quality is still terrible . It performs its functions as expected and I was excited to try Kodak 's new technology . Over the past year I have become more and more disappointed with this investment and I am finally purchasing a different printer . I am tired of my prints coming out with streaks through them , even with brand new print cartridges inserted . Save yourself money and headache and avoid Kodak 's printers for now .
 I havent even been able to use mine ... since day one ive gotten the same error message and figured out it fried after i assembled the printhead and ink ... the wont replace or fix it so now it goes in the garbage ... 150 down the tube ... wont buy kodak ever again
 I really looked forward to getting this printer . My HP 7180 was working fine , but I 'm not a big fan for various reasons , mainly the way in which photo paper feed tends to glitch in the 7180 . Anyway , I expected that photos printed from a Kodak printer would be even better . I mean , this is KODAK , right ? Practically the inventor of popular consumer photography in the U.S. all those years ago . Kodak printers are n't available locally in this area and I wanted the device enough to order it directly from Kodak , together with enough of the much-vaunted ink supply to last a year -LRB- HUGE error -RRB- . That was in July of 2008 . My happiest moment with the device was when I opened the box and examined it . It 's a nice-looking product . I would have been happier if I 'd just looked at it and kept using my HP , irritating though it can be . Unfortunately , I plugged the 5500 in , and it 's been downhill ever since.First , as to the picture quality , I saw no improvement in the photos . In fact , much as I hate to admit it , the HP product seemed to produce a slightly better output on most images.Second , as to how long the printer worked - less than four months , which must be some sort of record for any printer I 've ever used . The device was somewhat glitchy from the beginning . It did n't seem to want to `` talk to '' my computer on any kind of consistent basis . Still , it worked - sort of - until , toward the end of October when the printed images suddenly became extremely faded . My first thought was that the ink cartridges needed replacement , so I replaced . There was no change in the images - whether triggered by a print request from the computer or produced as copies directly from the machine , they remained barely legible . Thinking there might be a problem with the cartridges , I replaced again . Same result - output still barely legible.I went through all the suggested troubleshooting steps , with no positive result.I attempted to contact Kodak support and was ignored . I continue to get no response , all these months later.When this thing works , it is a so-so device . When it does n't , good luck 'cause you 're gon na need it . -LRB- On the other hand , you DO save a lot on ink because you ca n't use the printer . -RRB- I feel totally ripped off and will never again buy ANYTHING from Kodak .
 This all in one printer , has all the good stuff -LRB- scan , print , fax , copy -RRB- , but I ca n't get this to work with Apple 's Time Capsule . And , what I learnt searching on the net , is that Kodak does not support wireless printing . I can print , if I have my macbook connected directly to the printer.So , if you are looking at using a printer , in conjunction with Time capusule , this is not it .
 Set the printer up . Copied one document 40 times , and got an error message that the head was not installed correctly . Checked it and re installed it as instructed , still same problem . Called and spent an hour with Kodak on the phone , when they finally said needed a new print head . A week later the new head arrived , same problem . Today have spent an hour and a half with them , repeating everything three times to people whose primary language is NOT English . Now I have to prove that I purchased it within the past year to see if the printer is under warranty . My next step is to put it in the garbage can and go on with my life .
 I only write this after 1 yr of ownership and I have had nothing but trouble with this unit . I have had all the connection issues that have been mentioned and I have had nothing but trouble with the 4X6 printing . It does not recognize that the paper is there and sometimes when it does it just will not pick up the paper and the rollers just spin . This is really annoying especially since I am into photography and when I have to print some proof sheets out for clients and the printer does not work as promised it is not good . I have also had trouble with the fax intermittently working . And ink , well this just sucks it through . I gave it a two star rating simply because it has worked some in the last year maybe more than not worked but still all the trouble and the inconveniences and let 's not even talk about having to call for support . Man that is an all day project . Very annoying . But I have to keep it for a while longer since I have to replace several other components before replacing this one again . I would keep looking if you are thinking on this unit .
 This printer saves ink , That is the only positive aspect of the machine . Drawbacks are listed below .1 . It is excessively noisy .2 . It is a lousy scanner .3 . All copies and scans look washed out .4 . It is not digital , thus if you have digital phone service , you must buy a digital to analog converter to access the fax function .5 . It is painfully slow .6 . It makes indifferent copies of downloads.The printer that I bought is still under warranty . When the ink cartridges run dry , I am going to throw it out.Shame on you Kodak ! This printer is absolute junk !
 I got this printer as a gift . I was initially very excited at the feature set.But , as so many others reported , it did n't work out for long of the box . Printed a few pages , then dead . Had to have Kodak send a new print head . Took 5 full days to arrive . Good thing there was ol' reliable HP around still.As to FAX , I can not get that to work either . To those how proclaim the FAX is dead and you can use your computer , I challenge you to fax more than 10 pages of hard copy NOT generated in the computer . Yep , takes forever . That 's what an ADF is for , folks!As to the Kodak supplied software , it basically sucks.Most annoyingly it prompts with a stupid warning when you place a doc in the ADF and try to scan with `` Picture '' setting . The annoying thing is that most software uses that setting , and so if you are using software -LRB- that works - see below -RRB- to scan pages , you have to OK each and every page . Stupidly Kodak did n't include the `` Do n't show this again '' check box.Second most annoying is that it does n't work right . If you scan a black and white document , the first page is correct and then all subsequent pages are blank . I have written some scanning software of my own and have discovered that the scanner reverts to default settings after the first page is scanned , and those settings are often incompatible with the mode you are scanning in . -LRB- Technical note
 I purchased this printer thinking that I would save on ink cartridges . Little did I know that I would spend many precious hours trying to get the thing to print half-decent copies . As another reviewer mentioned , the printer will not work in any function if the cartridges are empty , even if all you want to do is scan , not print . The color copies are extremely poor quality and totally unacceptable , even in `` best '' mode.I 've had this printer less than 6 months and have wasted much time trying to get it to work as advertised . I am in the market for a new all - in-one and will definitely pay attention to user reviews.If I could have given this printer zero or negative stars I would have !
 This printer has so many issues with the software that it is basically unusable . Right out of the box you will spend many hours of frustration until you call Customer Service at Kodak and they will send you more print heads . Then you will spend more hours messing around trying to get it to print . Once you actually get it to print , wow , not bad . Then the next time you turn it on it does n't sound like it is trying to print on paper , but rather trying to MAKE paper . The noises and racket out this thing sounds like a garabage truck stuck in the mud at a pig farm . Then it wo n't print . Then it will only print in colors , not in black . Then you get error messages . Then you get really upset and buy another printer from HP so you can print . But at least Kodak has cheap ink . Too bad you will never be able to use it.Now for the software . I do n't want to waste any more of my life on this printer . Only thing left to say is that it is terrible .
 NEVER REcieced it and waited for weeks for it to come to find out they did n't have one . I was very upset and disappointed .
 The salesman at Best Buy made this printer look like a dream machine and cheap to operate , too . I 've had nothing but problems with this from the day I bought it . I should have returned it and done a little research instead of dealing with this headache of a printer . It stinks as a document scanner , it 's unreliable as a fax and makes only mediocre copies .
 The print head has failed three times in the 18 months we have owned this printer . A low price and cheap ink do not make up for a printer that just flat out does not work.Do not buy this product . This printer stands out for all the wrong reasons . Lesson learned to stick with a manufacturer who understands the printer business . Kodak clearly does not .
 As soon as i received this printer I installed it and for less than 30 minutes it worked perfect , I was very pleased . And than suddenly after the 6th picture I printed I got an error messase saying that the printhead is not inserted or has come loose and to `` call service - Error 3809 `` I went on the internet to search for this error number and I found that many people that bought this item also had the same problem as soon as they started using it . If I had known I would not have bought it and loose my money . Now I have a lot of picture on my camera and no printer.KODAK should be ashamed to produce and sell a printer with this kind of problem !!!
 I WAS in the market for a replacement for my aging Lexmark X6100 All-In-One so I was very up beat when I found out that Kodak has come up with `` cheap ink '' AiO printer line.I got the 5500 at Best Buy for what I though was a decent price of $ 199 . I set it up , printed a demo page , calibrated the printer and printed a diagnostic page . Printer was pretty slow and noisy but worked fine so far . Then I sent to it a 4x6 photograph and got the familiar and popular error saying that `` the print head is missing or needs to be replaced '' . After reinstalling the print head over and over as suggested by the diagnostic message , I gave up after loosing 4 hrs of my life . Next day , I called the Customer Support at Kodak . The person with a very high level of certainty diagnosed my issue as a ` faulty print head ' - seemingly a very popular cause with this printer . The print head was to arrive overnight - It arrived 3 days later . Replacing the head did not help . So , I went to the Kodak website and learned that there is a new firmware for this printer . After uploading the new firmware to the printer it went dumb . It was spitting out two sheets and then wrinkling up and spitting out more pages . No way to stop it except pulling the plug . So , I did . Next day , convinced that it must be an isolated issue , I went to Best Buy to replace the printer . I went through the exact same initial steps again and even got further this time . I was able to print 8 4x6 color photos in the `` Best '' mode , which looked pretty good as far as color saturation , but were a bit skewed . They also used up close to 50 % of my color ink cartridge ! So , I estimate that I can get probably only about 20-25 such prints out of a full color ink cartridge , which is much much less than the advertised 35 . Then I tried the double sided print from a network computer and found out that the duplex option is disabled on every computer except the one to which the printer is physically connected . This is of course not advertised anywhere . So , I decided to test the double sided printing on the host . It was sloooooooooooow and not printing out a large part of the top of the page . So , I said to my self - Ok , there must surely be a good reason for the new firmware to be offered on Kodak 's website . So , I uploaded it again and ... the printer went dumb again ... I actually read the reviews on Amazon and still decided to give this printer a try `` because it looked sooo nice and offered sooo much '' . I said to myself , what the heck - I am a pretty savvy techie - I can certainly do better than these `` Amazon amateurs '' . Well , now I am joining what actually turned out to be a pretty wise Amazon crowd with my tail and ears curled all the way down in my disappointment.Next day , I returned the second printer and am sticking to my old Lexmark for time being.Kodak 5500 and especially its software and firmware are of poor quality . Endless errors , less than ideal prints , DO N'T BUY . Consider yourself warned.And ... please read more interesting reviews of its sibling - the 5300 series.One more thing - `` friendly Kodak guy '' . Please spare me your comment ...
 This machine seems to work fine if you do n't connect it to the computer . I can print my photos from the memory card , fax , and copy . Once you connect it to the computer , awful things happens . . - the printer driver is very unstable and the firmware is buggy . The installation hung on me once , and crashed another time . - although I can scan fine , attempting to print always results in `` the printer not responding '' -- this always happens immediately or halfway through the printing process . - there is NO hard power switch . The power switch is a soft-switch which means if the printer software crashes , you ca n't turn the printer off unless you pull the power cord from the back . I had this happen 2-3 times . - When the printer firmware becomes unstable , the clean way of resetting is to 1 -RRB- unplug the usb cable 2 -RRB- pull the power cord from the printer 3 -RRB- reboot the computer 3 -RRB- insert the power cord back 4 -RRB- wait until the printer fully boots 5 -RRB- reinsert the usb cable . - The printer driver software is a whopping 200MB and installs NET 2.0 framework on the PC . This would 've been fine if the software was n't so riddled with problems . - sometimes the photo tray light remains on even when the tray is pulled back . When this happens , it means the printer is messed up and you need to pull the power cord and reinsert . - when you choose `` copy , '' it scans from the flatbed scanner , not from the document feeder -LRB- as when you 're sending fax -RRB- , which means you can only copy one paper at a time.While I never had any intention of printing documents with this printer -LRB- I have a separate laser printer for that -RRB- , the fact that I ca n't print photos larger than 4x6 -LRB- since the printing feature is broken -RRB- is disappointing.If you think of this as a big scanner , paper copier , fax machine , and 4x6 photo printer -- it works OK . If you 're trying to use this as a stable dual-sided computer printer , you 'll be sorely disappointed ! I have n't had problems with the `` print head '' -LRB- yet -RRB- as with other reviewers .
 I do minimum printing , and Kodak 5500 ink is disappearing at a very rapid rate . On my older HP printer , I could print for 6 months or more on one cartridge . While my printing has not increased , since I bought the AiO 5500 in July , 2007 , I have been through 3 sets of black/color cartridges . I contacted Kodak with a problem when no black text would print from new ink cartridges , and yet both my black and color ink cartridges registered totally empty with NOTHING having been printed from them . I was sent a new print head , and that fixed the `` nothing would print '' issue , but what is the fix for the `` phantom ink use '' I continue to see ? I have been in contact with Kodak , to no avail . Ink continues to deplete with little or nothing being printed on the 5500 . I am using a cheap Dell 725 printer for all drafts , and using the 5500 only for finals , if I must . I believe that Kodak 's advertising campaign is misleading the public . Cheap ink is not cheap if it has to be replaced 3 times as often . I see others online are experiencing the `` phantom ink use '' problem , too . I have been so disappointed with this product.Kodak EasyShare 5500 All-in-One Printer Print , Copy , Scan , and Fax -LRB- 1600105 -RRB-
 Update to my original review -LSB- bracketed below -RSB- . Now raised to 3 stars -LRB- ca n't seem to change the rating above -RRB- . Update
 The concept of a cheap ink , all in one machine sounds great . Unfortunately Kodak 's design choices make this a lemon.The printing part is fine , but do n't bother thinking you can use it as a fax machine or a scanner . Why not ? Well , it will do NOTHING if you run out of ink . No scan , no fax . Yes , at midnight with a deadline approaching , if you run out of ink the thing turns into a giant paperweight.The software that comes with it hangs my computer during set up . There is a hack around this on their website - you have to run a tool to clean the registry . OK - software update available it says . Yup - hangs the computer again - have to do a hard reset to recover.Kodak should stick to designing the paper and ink , and leave the software and product design to someone who knows what the heck they are doing .
 Do Not Buy This Printer!I _ really _ wanted to believe in this product for a number of reasons.I liked the low run rate , even if the up front-cost was more.I also wanted to think Kodak was back.After reading the reviews -LRB- positive and negative -RRB- I figured the worst that was going happen is I was going to need to spend some time -LRB- hours -RRB- with it getting it up to speed . -LRB- Replacing print head , etc. -RRB- I got it home , installed it and it was definately _ not _ up to expectations.After spending hours with tech support and them sending me new print head , new cartridges , -LRB- including their mistakenly sending me a new cartridge when they thought they were sending a new print head -RRB- , etc. . I am giving up and returning it.The most glaring short-coming is the extremely `` muddy '' reds.OBTW -- if I was willing to spend a fortune on expensive paper , maybe it would be close to acceptable , but the whole point is saving run-cost . OBTW2 -- I fully agree with the review observing how loud it is -- very `` clunky . `` I have no idea how they get 33 ppm out of it . At best I got something like 3 . I am also concerned about the potential lack of supplies in the future . The local B&M ; stores are discontinuing this line at an amazing rate.I can only assume that discontinuing ink will be right behind -LRB- a few months ? -RRB-
 My wife bought the Kodak 5500 AiO printer from QVC as a gift for me . There were problems immediatel upon powering it up . I got an error code and had no way to find out what it meant , except internet search where someone else had the same problem , and they were told to remove the print head and replace it `` several times '' . I did this , and got a different error message . It eventually went away by itself . Everything worked ok except color printing was bad . No red and very little blue . I emailed tech help and they said remove & replace the print head `` several times '' , so I did it again . No help . The calibration involves printing a test page , which was weak in color , then putting it on the scanner , apparently so the processor can verify proper color . The color was obviously wrong , but no error message resulted from the `` calibration '' . I asked the online tech help why bad color does n't generate an error message in calibration and they avoided answering . I kept getting the `` remove & replace print head several times '' instruction among other things , none of which worked . I exchanged about 10 emails , each a different tech , and finally a tech said I should return it and call this number . I called the number and Carla asked me if I did this and this , and this and did I remove and replace the print head `` several times '' and I told her to check my email threads & see that I did all these things and they did n't work , which is why YOUR KODAK TECH told me to return it She put me on hold and after about 8 minutes I hung up . I 'm returning it to QVC , who , by the way , no longer supports this printer . One more thing , you ca n't fax a document directly from the computer . You must print a hard copy on the printer , take it out and put it into the fax feeder .
 The printer worked well for a short time . Then all sorts of bad things began to happen . The company wants you to update drivers , and that did n't help at all . Customer service is in India , so forget that ! After a few weeks , the printer would n't print at all , no matter what I did , and no matter what India said -LRB- or tried to say -RRB- . I 'm junking the machine for an HP . This printer is a disaster , and Kodak should be ashamed .
 i purchased this printer and it was dead out of the box , it infuriated me to start by having to modify everything on the printer , is this just a update to an older model ? who ever heard of having to install a keyboard cover , printhead and two side adapter ? then the customer service , WHAT A JOKE ! after sitting on hold for 45 minutes never getting thru , a email reply of `` we are very busy and will get in touch with you as soon as possible '' -LRB- still waiting -RRB- then after waiting on hold for 20 more minutes the tech told me '' its a bad unit return it to where you bought it '' what ? `` can you send me a new unit instead ? '' nope a refurbished unit only was offered . IT NEVER WORKED OUT OF THE BOX ! and the store I bought it at , does n't carry it any more , wo n't be restocking it . so Kodak will never see another cent of my money DON `` T BUY IT !
 Whatever you do , do NOT be taken in by the good looks , and the apparent savings with ink , on this product . I have never been so disappointed with a Kodak product in my life!And I have recommended Kodak digital cameras , etc. for my family members , who are not `` photo functional '' for years . Have even bought them for presents for them as well . Have always had high praise for the Kodak cameras.But this is a nightmare ! It has n't worked properly , and still is n't , from the day I started to set it up . Problem after problem occured with this thing and I am just going to trashcan it.I might be able to find someone who can fix it , but it is really heavy and way too expensive to send back to the seller . It is so deceiving . It is like a beautiful man or woman . Looks great on the outside and seems really enticing , but then , you get it home and they turn into the demon that they really are!Am I exaggerating a bit ? Probably . But the thing has n't ever worked . So I can only say do n't buy it . And it is complicated to set up as well . And I am tech savvy , so it is n't like I am an idiot.Just go with a Lexmark . You 'll have better luck I am sure , even with their worst product . -LSB- ASIN : B000SL19CO Kodak EasyShare 5500 All-in-One Printer Print , Copy , Scan , and Fax -LRB- 1600105 -RRB- -RSB- -RSB-
 Eats up ink . just replaced black cartage . Color cartage was half full , now with new black cartage the dam thing is binking a red light and saying I must replace the half full color cartage , it wo n't reset or anything . Had to unplug the damm thing to shut it off . looking for new printer and it wo n't be a Kodak . PS already replaced print head . This piece of junk cost to much to cause this much trouble .
 Yes indeed I am another unfortunate owner of a Kodak printer ... Like everyone else I will NEVER buy a printer from Kodak again!I am a Digital artist and I bought this printer because I wanted something that can print beautifully , I also wanted a printer that would scan as well!Well this printer prints HORRIFICALLY in color ! I find that this printer ONLY prints well BLACK/WHITE . This printer makes me waste A LOT of MONEY on INK , I have to buy cartridges more often than not!Though the printing sucks I give it a 2 star rating because of the way it scans . I will give you that kodak printer ! It scans nicely in black and white and in color.BUT !!!! I NEVER heard of a printer that would not SCAN WITHOUT INK ! Now tell me WHY do you need INK to SCAN?Well ... Never again ...
 Below is the message that I sent to KODAKYou have the right idea but you have yet to bring it tofruition . I just received my new 5500 AIO printer and setting it up wasfar from easy . I had to take out and reinstall the ink cartridges andprinter head at least 20 times because the printer was n't seeing it.When it finally worked it was great . It also has a problem seeing thememory card from my camera . This is still ongoing . Friends of myparents got one of your printer 's too and are telling me all of the sameproblems in their house . Tell your marketing department to shut thef *** up until you actually have a working product .
 I have had my printer for 3 to 4 weeks and just tried to send my first fax long distance using a mci long distance card . no go . I just hung up with Kodak after several calls and was told `` sorry '' but the soft ware is not programed to use a long distance phone card where you have to send several numbers to send a fax . the printer will sent faxes to any local number and any long diatance numbers so long as you use a phone carrier that you dial direct without the use of a long distance phone card . the rest of the copier works fine , but to me a major design flaw . !!!!!! Followup review . I had Cox install their phone system to elimate the long distance phone card issue , still no go , I can send a fax but not receive it , it would always go to the voice mail , after spending another day on the pnone with Kodak , I was told that the Cox modum is not compatable with the kodak soft ware for the fax part of the printer , another `` sorry about that '' , and not kodak will not take the printer back.I was told that if I could not live with the unit `` you might want to sell it to some else '' I took the unit back to Bestbuy and exchanged it with a HP C6180 , now all works fine with all my faxes . Another major design flaw !!!!! the fax portion of this printer is a bad news .
 Watch out if you buy the mouse 6000 . The wheel on my mouse has gotten progressively harder to turn over the year I have been using it.I finally tried cleaning/lubricating the wheel with eyeglass cleaner and BreakFree CLP . It helps for a minute , then it is back to dragging.I believe the wheel is rubbing on something in the housing . The wheel tries to do too much
 I do n't know how they could advertise this as a mini mouse . It 's maybe 1/4 inch shorter than my regular size mouses/mice -LRB- ? -RRB- and the same width . I bought it for my Asus eee computer , so the `` mini '' mouse was way too big for my mini laptop . I was hoping for something the size of my Targus mini mouse , which broke . It 's about 2-1/2 times the size!I ca n't tell you how it works , as I returned it immediately .
 Do not buy it . . was totally disappointed . Throws light all around . . your camera is facing forward , why do you need light being thrown backwards also ... it is a good diffuser IF you have white walls around you and ceiling that is close by . Look close at the instructional video , Gary 's images are way underexposed . Do n't waste your money or time .
 I despised this printer . Set-up was easy , but it was a pain to keep the paper compartment completely dust free . If any dust settles on the paper at all , it results in white specks on the final print and you have to re-do it . Print time was about the same as a inkjet . It was also pretty noisy , but that was n't a big issue for me . The real deal-breaker was that the colors were not at all realistic . They were completely oversaturated and inaccurate . I exchanged it for a Canon I-9900 Photo Printer and could n't be happier with the new one .
 This printer was good for two months , then the paper started to mis-align in the printer . If you search the net , you will find this is a common problem with this model . The prints are excellent - professional quality , but be aware that it has a known issue that there does n't seem to be a fix for . With the price for each paper replacement near $ 90 , the price per print is now prohibitive compared to what you can get with inkjet.Unfortunately , if you 're looking for an inexpensive dye sub printer , this just is n't reliable enough to justify the purchase .
 These are not amplified so they only ` whimper ' ... you 'll be sadly disappointed in the volume . Save your money and buy a stereo to stereo plug -LRB- $ 7-10 at Radioshack -RRB- and play the Archos through any radio/boombox/stereo that has an AUX jack .
 Archos Portable SpeakersThis is the worse portable speaker I have ever had . I can not return it due to it being over 30 days of purchase . When I received it the small connections were cheaply made & bent so I could not get a good connection . Called Archos , they gave me a # & told me to send it back . It took 1 month to get it back . They put on another connection , but , still could not get any sound . So support gave me another # & told me to send it back . Upon perservance I finally got a sound with speakers turned up full blast . It has the most `` tinnest '' sound . Too , late to send it back , but it is n't even worth giving this a rating . For the price I would n't even pay $ 10 for this item . I love my Archos portable media player , but forget the portable speaker unit.Jean
 Speakers sound ok , but had issues with the power switch not working . Archos was no help in fact they did not even know anything about the speakers -LRB- Scary -RRB- . The power supply stopped working after about 6 months .
 do n't waste your money on the Caddy for VHF radios . It 's a plastic holder that attaches by suction cup . That works great out in the ocean . Too bad it 's not worth the postage to ship back . Oh yeah , thanks for the sticker that says mayday means problem . Bad on me for not reviewing it closer , but why ???
 this keypad died after 8 months of use . I was n't that happy with it anyway . The keypad is flatter than my previous one . I like the pad to be raised up at an angle . Not that intuitive to touch . Overpriced for what it is . Am ordering a Targus model as a replacement which is only $ 19 .
 I 've had this mouse for about 4 years , so this is n't a deal breaker or anything , but I definitely would n't recommend it to someone else . The right side slopes outward slightly , rather than inward , so it 's very comfortable to hold , but when you have to pick the mouse up to re-center it on your desk/mouse pad , those two fingers on the right side are going to slip off . And that 'll go on for awhile until you can teach yourself how to grip it properly in order to pick it up , and even though you 'll eventually get the hang of it , it 'll never be a comfortable/natural movement . Also the positioning of the 2 thumb buttons are off . The `` back '' button is about where the `` forward '' button should be , and the `` forward '' button by the thumb is too far forward , so you have to readjust your grip just to click it , which makes it a lot less convenient than just finding the `` forward '' button on your browser & clicking that instead . So that button does n't get much use . But on the plus side , the sensitivity is great , the mousewheel is smooth & silent , I use the `` burst fire '' option once in awhile , so it 's a nice feature to have available .
 Undoubtedly , one of the worst mice I 've ever owned . The ONLY nice thing about this mouse is the push button adjustable DPI . I only used the multi-click setting on one game , so it was basically useless -LRB- but I did n't notice a delay like - B - spoke of -RRB- . The sensitivity of the laser was atrocious . At times when I was n't even touching the mouse it would jitter and move -LRB- fun when watching a movie on my computer -RRB- , where as other times when I tried to move the mouse carefully and precisely it would n't move at all or would move a different direction . Yeah , I do n't get how either.Honestly , if the mouse had been about $ 5 it would 've gotten two or three stars ... but for the price you 're better off coughing up a few extra dollars and getting a real mouse from Microsoft or Logitech .
 It took forever to `` enroll '' a fingerprint . Despite trying multiple fingers was unable to get any consistent recognition -- takes far longer to get a good swipe then to type a password . Am sending it back .
 Drivers are installed , XP recognizes the keyboard -LRB- typing on it now -RRB- , but when I run the fingerprint software the first time to scan my finger it does n't recognize that I am swiping my finger . The frustrating part is there 's no LED or button on the keyboard to indicate if it should be on or not , I ca n't tell if it 's a hardware or software problem , the software just says to swipe my finger and I do so and nothing happens , the software behaves as if I have n't swiped my finger at all.It 's still a very quiet keyboard so I may still keep it , but I was disappointed to see it does n't work as advertised and therefore can not recommend it .
 I tried it for 2 weeks and never could get it to hold the HDMI connections for the video . I do n't know if the unit was defective or possible user error but after numerous hours trying to get it to function properly I give . It seemed too good to be true at the 600 dollar price . I 'm sure it works well for some people but I did not think a masters degree in electronics is necessary to listen to good quality music .
 I have had two of these . One quit after only 3 weeks , the other never worked at all . My experience with the unit that worked was very dissapointing : You can not import playlists , you have to create them using clunky software included with the player or on the player itself . This becomes much more difficult with large numbers of mp3 's . You also must select and load mp3 's with the software one by one . The unit 's database crashes frequently and must be rebuilt using the software , this destroys all playlists . The only media player that supports it is `` Musicmatch Jukebox '' and only the version included with the player , -LRB- It 's not much better as an interface than the other software included with the player -RRB- . This is a discontinued unit which is being sold off by third party resellers under several different names , there is almost no tech support available except from other owners.If you buy one of these you will soon be wishing you had n't wasted your money . The Creative Labs Zen Extra can be purchased for under 200 dollars , It 's well worth it .
 These phones are just simply not worth the little bit of money that they cost . First , I have no problems with my hearing and I even have a difficult time trying to hear what the person on the other end is saying -LRB- and that is with the volume on high -RRB- . Second , the design looks good , but it is not so great if you like to talk on the phone and try to do things around the house at the same time . If you are like me and try to hold the phone on your shoulder while you work and talk , it will just slide out from under your ear . Third , charging this thing is next to impossible . If you do n't put it on the base exactly right then it continuously beeps and says try again on the cid screen . Simply put there are a couple of other brands out there at a similar even cheaper price and those are the ones you should try first .
 Item was defective and did not work . Company did not have a replacement , but will probably refund money . Return shipping was free and I am awaiting refund .
 stopped working after a few months . also only held a charge for a month or two .
 I received a GTMax Bluetooth Dongle USB Adapter for Verizon Motorola Droid A855 CDMA Cell Phone and not the one made by EDR . In contrast to `` EDR '' products , the product and the packaging lack any manufacturer address or contact info . There is no warranty information anywhere in the package . Worst of all , no software was provided with the product . I intended to use the device for stereo audio mostly . The default Windows XP bluetooth driver provides no functionality besides just recognizing the presence of the device . `` GT Max '' has no website that could be used to download the required software to make the device operate . In short , the experience was not a good one . The plus in the whole affair is that the vendor , BargainCell did ship immediately and I received the product quickly . It is beyond monetary reason to return this product to the vendor for a refund due to the cost of the required ` trackable ' shipping that must be paid by the customer .
 The cd that came with this is version 2 . You need version 6 plus Soleil VOIP to work with Skype . This will cost you an additional $ 44 USD -LRB- approx . -RRB- And , the BlueSoleil website was EXTREMELY slow when I tried to purchase the needed software . The whole install process was very slow , tedious , and frustrating .
 I bought this Bluetooth adapter a long time ago . Back in 08 ' I believe . Was the worst thing ever , should have known when buying such a cheap product . Had to use some proprietary software that you had to freaking pay for to even do anything with it . I believe I just tossed the thing since it was n't worth all the time and hassle . There was ways to &#34; hack &#34; your Windows OS to think that it was another product but that required you to go download shady things etc etc. . Not worth the time . Spend your money on a quality Bluetooth dongle .
 Will not work . Software is unlicensed . Will not pair with my headset . Complete waste of time and money .
 This arrived in just over a week but thats ok seeing as it was just after Christmas and i think it was shipped from the states . the software that came with the Dongle not only didnt work but crashed my computer everytime i tried to install it . i eventually downloaded the software from a website but after installing still couldnt identify it as a bluetooth dongle . this could all be because it was made in the states or maybe im just a bit special , but i gave up .
 The present spec on Amazon stating this product is compatible w / Vista . NOT ! I just received mine . The package reads '' Software supportWindows 98/98SE/MEWindows 2000Windows XP `` I could n't install this Bluetooth USB Dongle driver software.I urge Amazon to correct and update the spec by removing `` Vista compatibility '' from this product .
 The bluesoleil software that comes with the dongle is an unlicensed version and requires you to pay an additional 20 Ero to get it to work with a stereo headset .
 My complaint is that when you install the bluesoleil software that comes with the disk , it is an unlicensed version and requires you to pay an additional 20 Ero to get it to work with a stero headset on Vista . Very disappointing . If your going to sell a product and have it come with software , the software should be fully licensed !
 This item is really awful it 's not worth even five cents , very poor 'n junk I throw it in the garbage after I tried to use it , I 've found that it 's not work ` n the installation CD hit my PC 'n affected the lens of the CD drive ! Is it fair to sell ` n ship such a junk item to the people !! I am asking for a refund for this item that bought from this manufacturer!My advice is to REMOVE it from the website .
 I RECEIVED ONE THAT WORKED FOR LIKE 5 MIN . . THEN IT STOPPED WORKING . . SELLER SENT A REPLACEMENT AND THAT ONE DIDNT EVEN WORK FROM THE START . . I WOULDNT WASTE MY MONEY IF U PLAN ON USING THIS FOR SKYPE
 When I purchased this , the product description said that the dongle would come with installation software . The only thing that was in the package was the dongle . A good dongle would work with Windows software but this one does not . It does not work ... period . There was a piece of black tape covering the Bluetooth markings on the dongle . I assume this was meant to hide the fact that the dongle is n't the 2.0 EDR version that was advertised . Please do not buy from this vendor . You will be extremely dissatisfied .
 Installing the software was easy , but the dongle did n't work . It said something like it reported errors or a malfunction and shut down . Sounds like it 's defective , but it 's not worth it to send back . I might tinker with it more later to see if the problem is crap software .
 This item never worked , tried everything . It 's a dud.It stated it was vista compatable , hell no.I tried downloading the drivers from the net.Nothing , nothing worked . It was difficult for me to give even one star to this product .
 I bought this to use it with skype , to get rid of all the cables , the skype phones etc. . Unfortunatelly , the link between this bluetooth and the line was awfull . Interaptions , no connections , connection failures . Even with the latest drivers , the result was a complete loss of time.If you want to use skype , i suggest you to turn to other solutions , or another bluetooth . Not this one .
 This product claims to have a minimum of 1000 hours of life . I have had to purchase 8 in the last 2 years . Out of the 8 , only one has lasted over 600 hours . The projectors that use these bulbs have an hour counter for total use and for bulb use . So , my numbers are not estimated , they are actual readings from the projector itself .
 My order for this item was canceled by amazon for no reason . So I am looking elsewhere .
 ADORAMA DESERVES YOUR BUSINESS . THERE ARE MANY SHADY CAMERA MAIL ORDER DISCOUNTERS IN THE BIG APPLE AND I WANT EVERYONE TO KNOW THAT ADORAMA CAMERA IS NOT ONE OF THOSE SHADY BUSINESSES.I RETURNED AND RECEIVED FULL CREDIT TO MY BANK CHARGE CARD FOR THE RETURN OF THOSE 77mm METAL SCREW-ON LENS CAPS THAT WOULD NOT SCREW ON TO MY 77mm LENSES AND OR MY 77mm FILTERS . I NOTICED THAT ADORAMA CAMERA IS NOT PRESENTLY STOCKING THE 77mm METAL SCREW-ON LENSES CAPS .
 I stumbled across this unit at the ultamate low price of 90 bucks on clearence . I figure what harm can happen . It appeared to do all that I needed , and it actually did , but it did not last . I had 48 hours of flawless work , but when I went to delete tracks using the `` audiophile '' firmware program , it also deleted it 's connection . After repeated resets of the unit , my computer , and multiple re-installations of the `` Audiophile '' software , The unit 's OS started screwing up . All the songs came up as `` wingding '' symbols , and no songs played any more . Since there is no `` hard reset '' to erease the files , I ran all the trouble shooting guides suggestions , including formatting , and now the system has nothing ... just a start up greeting.Features
 I absolutely positively do NOT recommend this device . The on-screen interface is difficult to understand . The randomizer function limits itself by sections of the alphabet -LRB- if you select to play all songs randomly , it will only play tracks from the first few letters of the alphabet and never get to the latter half -RRB- . The interface software you are required to use is clunky and nearly useless - it is only marginally better for creating playlists than the terrible device UI , and there is no synchronization between your device and your music folders . Perhaps most shocking - and this should have warned me about this player the moment I got it - is that selecting `` power off '' brings up a small screen that says `` Bye Bye ! '' with an anime emoticon , of all things.All of this could be tolerated if not for one major problem . Despite the device having a whopping amount of storage for a small amount of money , it is 100 % not supported by ANY entity . -LSB- ... -RSB- I thought that since Polaroid partnered with Digital Media Group , having their name on the product meant they would support it in some way - no dice . The representatives on the phone insisted that I call 1-800-MP3-PLAY -LRB- it took a long time before I finally convinced them that they had the wrong number -RRB- and that they could n't help me . I finally resorted to contacting the person who sold this to me , who did some research and found that Digital Media Group had been sold , and the new company refused to support these devices.In summary , do not buy ANY `` Polaroid MP3 '' product . They are completely unsupported and not user-friendly .
 I would like to reiterate what some of the other reviewers have said . THERE IS NO SUPPORT FOR THIS PRODUCT . Polaroid does not support and it says so in the instruction manual . They say to contact Digital Media Group which no longer exists . Once I got someone at Polaroid that knew anything about it , he said there is still some help on the Digital Media Group website -LSB- ... -RSB- . Of course , when I tried that website it no longer exists . The player worked fine for a while , although , awkward and not user friendly . Then one day I turn it on and it shows a message that says `` Can not access HDD data '' . That 's it . It 's broke and I have no way of getting it fixed . I have read some reviews that say the hard drive just goes bad one day . That is probably what happened to mine . I have taken very good care of it and actually did n't use it that much . There is no reason it should have stopped working . Do n't buy this thing no matter what . The price is enticing but you will end up buying another one anyway and then spend twice as much .
 I have had many problems with this machine . It crashes all the time , it looses entire albums , and the battery is very unreliable . I have had to reload my entire music collection three times in 6 months , and it is long process to do it each time because it no requires you to use their very poorly designed program . It is an inexpessive devise , but I recommend spending a bit more for a better item . It will be worth the $ $ .
 The JukeJam -LRB- 40 GB -RRB- is still available on eBay and Amazon merchants , and it 's unbelievably cheap for the features . But you 're buying into something that has a lot of design flaws.DO buy it if what you really want is a big portable USB drive for backing up your computer . Its disk size and battery life are remarkably good , and you can back up your whole computer and most of your record collection onto the thing . Of course , it 's also an MP3 player -- but it 's at best adequate for that.DON ' T buy it if what you really want is an iPod . The software -LRB- both that runs on your computer and on the player itself -RRB- is not well thought out and is a real pain in the neck if you have more than a few hundred songs -LRB- and with that capacity , who woulnd ` t ? -RRB- . As mentioned elsewhere , playlists and song management are not only hard to use but usually have to be re-entered * by hand . * Plus , there are dozens of bugs that make the JukeJam completely unusable for listening to audio books . For example , you ca n't fast forward or rewind if the `` track '' is more than 30 minutes long , and for some MP3 formats you ca n't fast forward or rewind at all . Other times , the player just gets confused and the controls freeze up , or it just shuts down . Tech support -- yeah , right . The software is written in China , and the few guys who work on it here are n't responsive.Finally , the FM radio and recording capabilities work only in theory . It is a usable stereo tuner , but it can only pick up incredibly strong signals . I have two JukeJams , and they each can pick up maybe 3 stations ... where a car radio or boom box can pick up 30 .
 I have had two of these . One quit after only 3 weeks , the other never worked at all . My experience with the unit that worked was very dissapointing : You can not import playlists , you have to create them using clunky software included with the player or on the player itself . This becomes much more difficult with large numbers of mp3 's . You also must select and load mp3 's with the software one by one . The unit 's database crashes frequently and must be rebuilt using the software , this destroys all playlists . The only media player that supports it is `` Musicmatch Jukebox '' and only the version included with the player , -LRB- It 's not much better as an interface than the other software included with the player -RRB- . This is a discontinued unit which is being sold off by third party resellers under several different names , there is almost no tech support available except from other owners.If you buy one of these you will soon be wishing you had n't wasted your money . The Creative Labs Zen Extra can be purchased for under 200 dollars , It 's well worth it .
 I went to Frye 's Electronics 3 weeks ago to purchase the Creative Labs 40GB Zen Xtra , when I noticed this product . I was impressed by the included FM tuner - complete with 10 presets -LRB- it even records FM programs to MP3 files -RRB- , the voice recorder , and the nice large LCD screen . It was also priced within $ 10.00 of the Zen Xtra , so I opted for this unknown -LRB- unresearched -RRB- option.The sound was great , and I really loved how easy and logical the modified joysick-style selector button works . A week later , and after loading over 19GB of data to its hard drive , the thing simply locked-up and would not reboot . Fry 's promptly replaced it for another . The second player 's screen began to fade beyond readability after 4 days . That window gave me time to remove most of my data , and return the second Juke Jam to the store.This time , I traded it for the Zen Xtra . I have had ABSOLUTELY NO PROBLEMS with the Creative Labs model . The product rep was there in the store . He told me they recently upgraded the firmware , allowing simple drag-and-drop tranfer of data . It not only performs better , but it also has an AWESOME EAX sound enhancement tool . Honestly , it made my very basic car stereo sound like I was listening to my BOSE home theater !!! He mentioned they should be releasing a player with an FM-tuner soon , but I wanted my portable music option sooner . The features of these two items may appear to be similiar ; in fact , the Polaroid features look better . But , I have to put my money -LRB- nearly $ 300.00 -RRB- where the quality is . Creative Labs created a portable music experience ! I do n't mean to sound like some kind of spokesman for CL , but this thing simply ROCKS !!! Did I mention it 's nearly $ 200.00 cheaper than the IPOD -LRB- which by the way , does not play the smaller sized , better quality WMA files -RRB- . I LOVE the size of the IPOD , but that feature does n't come close to justifying it 's $ 489.00 price tag . Macintosh has once again , priced themselves out of the market . Sure there are thousands of people that have IPODs , but they could have cornered the entire MP3 portalbe player market . Fortunately , Apple once again let the competition create feature packed players for $ 100.00 's of dollars less.If you want real quality in a player that plays MP3 , WMA 's , and features an unmatched sound processor , go with the Zen Xtra . If you 've got the money , and do n't really need as much space as I do , get the IPOD . Otherwise , wait for more of the research and design to shake-out in this industry . There are sure to be some very interesting innovations coming to this Christmas !!!
 I bought a this and about a month later it just stopped working . I emailed digital media group and they sent me a Return authorization number which i put in an envelope as it said to do and repackaged the mp3 player and sent it back . 3 months later , i still had n't gotten a replacement so i called them . They said that they had never gotten it but would send me a new one . The one they sent me was n't a polaroid , but a generic brand one like it . The accesories were also generic name brand and pieces of junk . 2 months later it stoped working again and by then digital media group did n't exist any more . The headphones also broke and were very low quality to begin with . I learned my lesson about not buying name brand products nad just recently bought a video iPod which is much better !
 I ordered the 1621 foam set , which is supposed to be a 6pc set to fill up the 1620 case . I received only 5 pieces , and now my case is not filled with foam .
 The cartridges were covered with ink when I opened them , they never worked in my printer . I ended up buying a new printer for just a little more than it cost to replace both ink cartridges .
 Not that the display has anything to do with the sound -LRB- which is good -RRB- ... it 's that even at the lowest level of brightness , it is still WAY too bright . The whole background panel is lighted . It can literally light the whole room , which is a problem if you want this near your bed.What were they thinking ?
 The Brother 1820C has some nice features BUT it cleans the ink cartridges automatically and often . This uses up all the ink every few months , whether you print anything or not . I do n't do any color faxing or printing , but I have to replace the color cartridges every 3-4 months , so that in a year I spend more on ink that I do n't even use than the cost of a new 1820C machine . This is an ink guzzler . It will break your pocketbook unless you are wealthy and money does not matter to you . In addition , there seems to be no way to use the black ink option when the color ink is depleted by the constant automatic cleaning . You MUST replace all 4 ink cartridges every 3-4 months or the fax will not work . It costs a veritable fortune . I can not recommend this machine except for multimillionaires .
