 I do n't normally review items , but I have to say , I love this mouse . This mouse has the smoothest trackball I 've every used . I 've had it over a year and have had absolutely no problems . It still works as smoothly as when I took it out of the box .
 If you 're running an OS X version prior to Leopard , beware.I 'm running Tiger on a G4 . Kensington indicates thatTrackballWorks is compatible with MAC OS X , so I just assumedthat the available version -LRB- 1.1 -RRB- would work for me.Installation proceeded normally . On invoking the app , anoptions panel appeared , but all check boxes were grayed out.So it seems that this software is not , in fact , compatiblewith Tiger , even though it installed and ran . I soon discoveredthat my old Turbo Mouse Pro no longer worked either -- TrackballWorks had corrupted Mouseworks . Reinstalling Mouseworksfixed the problem.An older version of TrackballWorks -LRB- 1.0 -RRB- was found -LRB- not atKensington -RRB- . It 's compatible with OS 10.4.11 -- Mouseworksand TrackballWorks happily coexist . If Kensington had only givena better spec for system requirements , and perhaps provided linksto earlier software versions , a lot of time would have beensaved on what should have been a simple installation.I cringe at the thought of ever needing tech support .
 I own three Expert Mouse track balls , which should say it all . I even take one with the laptop when I travel . The ball moves smoothly and the buttons can be customized . I assigned a double click command to the top right button . To keep the ball moving smoothly , it is necessary to clean it often ... especially when it 's warm and muggy . But I have yet to find a track ball I like more than this , so that 's a small tradeoff .
 THIS KENSINGTON TRACK BALL IS PERFECT FOR MY WRIST AND ARM TENDONITIS . THE BALL IS BIG SO THAT I CAN REST MY ARM ON IT AND USE IT WITH A MINIMUM OF MOTION . IT ALSO IS MULTI-FUNCTION IN GIVING ME QUICK ACCESS TO MY FAVORITE WEBSITES . THE SCROLLING FUNCTION IS ALSO ERGONOMIC AND CONVENIENT . THE SPEED AND ACCELERATION ARE ADJUSTABLE . IT ALSO IS SUPPORTED BY APPLE LION OPERATING SYSTEM . I HIGHLY RECOMMEND THIS TRACK BALL .
 I ordered this product not really knowing what to expect . I had never used a trackball before , at least not extensively and not within the past 10 years . But i still bit the bullet and took the chance . And i am soo happy I did . The first day using the product i was impressed . within a few hours i had already noticed the difference in wrist strain . and after a week of use . All pains associated with using my mouse have been completely alleviated . my only gripe and its not really a gripe , is that i cant really take it with me on the road . Its one too bulky . and two . i feel like i would get way to much dust and such on the sensors . The reason for this is because the trackball just sits in the unit . there is nothing in place to keep it from falling out making putting in a bag semi unreasonable.In the end . this is actually really accurate . the scroll wheel was a great addition . and the customization of the buttons have also been a joy.I will be purchasing at least one more for the house . and probably an additional one for Christmas for a family member.I 100 % recommend this product to anyone .
 Tech support said it would only work as two button mouse with Intel based Mac . We downloaded 3.0 from Kensington and using keyboard commands programmed all four buttons . Best mouse/trackball we ever used .
 It seems to be a pretty good mouse . I bought this because of the ergo factor and I like it . My only complaint is the angle in which this thing rises from the front to the back . I am using the attached wrist rest with it and for me I found it more comfortable if I raised the wrist rest up a little bit . I used a post-it note pad and it really does feel a lot better now . I hope this will help anyone with the same opinion .
 I read in another review that it takes a few hours for the trackball to get broken in , it was true . After owning this for a day , I can say the motion is now very smooth and I like the placement of the buttons . The ball is a good size , what one would expect with a consumer version.The scroll ring is amazing with iPhoto ! It is so much more intuitive than a scroll wheel found on a regular mouse . It 's rubberized and easy to grip . Takes a while to learn to use it without accidentally moving the trackball since they are so close to each-other . My only big complaint is the whole thing looks kind of cheap , does not look like it cost $ 90 . Would have been nice if the scroll ring was illuminated .
 This Kensington trackball is well worth the money I spent on it . I normally would n't pay a lot for a mouse but this helps with my arthritis since I only have to move the ball . It has a wide design which I like because I can rest my whole hand on the trackball mouse , until I 'm ready to make my move with the mouse.I have n't had any trouble with it and I 've had it for about 2 years now . Great product .
 I was an Expert Mouse user years ago when it still used wheels , having tried just about every other trackball on the market at the time . I loved it , until I found the Microsoft Trackball Explorer . Though I have tested other trackballs since then , I have not purchased any other type or brand of trackball since ... until recently when I was looking for another Trackball Explorer to use with my laptop and found that Microsoft had quit making them . I guess there were just not enough of us out there buying them to make them money . Of course , of the ones I purchased for various family members after finding the Trackball Explorer , I think I only had to replace one in the past 10 years or however long it has been , which means they did not make much from me after the initial purchases . I would guess that would be similar for other Trackball Explorer users.Anyway , as for the new Expert Mouse , which I decided to try again . I have found that it is pretty much identical to the original wheeled type , only with it now being optical there is none of the hang-ups that would happen when the wheels would get gunk on them . Being optical also makes cursor movement more precise.On the down side , diagonal movement is far slower and clunkier that vertical or horizontal , unlike the MS Trackball Explorer , which was smooth no matter which direction you moved the cursor , and even more precise than the Expert mouse.It also takes a while to train yourself to not just lay your hand down wherever is comfortable when rolling the ball , as it is very easy to accidentally click the lower left or right buttons unless you keep your hand position in mind at all times . This was never a problem with the Trackball Explorer . Unlike the Trackball Explorer where all of the buttons and the scroll wheel were positioned right under your thumb and fingers , and required no hand movement to click or scroll , the Expert Mouse 's controls do require you to adjust hand position for many actions . Also , unlike the wheel on the Trackball Explorer , the `` ring '' on the Expert Mouse has no push and click ability.The Expert Mouse is well constructed , giving that `` well made '' feel I have never found in other trackballs except the Trackball Explorer.All in all , even though the Trackball Explorer was by far superior in every way that I can think of , the Expert Mouse is the only real replacement for it since Microsoft decided to kill off the Trackball Explorer . I give the Expert Mouse 5 stars because it is a very good trackball , currently the best on the market in my opinion , though it would have received only a 4 if the Trackball Explorer were still available .
 Great product . I 'm far quicker and more proficient with a trackball than with a mouse . Exactly what I needed .
 It does what it says , have not tried it on vista . I only needed it for XP.I like the fact that all the buttons are completely programmable . The scroll dial around the ball is really nice.It is big which I like but can be a pain to carry and the ball just sits there so if you invert it the ball will just fall off the main housing.I have shoulder impingment so I did n't want to us the poigting device on my notebook or the touch pad on it , I also did n't want a regular mouse as I use my notebook a lot on my couch and it will be impossible a regular mouse . This works perfectly.Good build quality and I am 100 % satisfied with it .
 I switched to trackballs years ago when I developed a cramp in my hand from gripping the mouse too hard.But it 's hard to find a quality trackball at a reasonable price . The Kensington Expert series has been my choice for years.However , I 've been waiting for the optical enhancement for a long time.The large ball makes the cursor easy to control for small and large mouse movements.The optical sensors make the ball less susceptible to interference from debris such as crumbs and cat hair .
 I have used Kensington trackballs for 22 years . If you have a Mac , or never intend to go past Windows XP , it 's almost a perfect device.BUT ! Apparently Windows Vista does not support ANYTHING with more than two buttons and a scroll , including their own 5-button mice . I am mutiply disabled -- and am lost without it . Kensington says they will not write software to be compatible w / Vista . I am dismayed and disappointed .
 This has a very simple design but it works brilliantly , reason being because just over 50 % of the trackball is exposed so you can use your palm , your thumb , finger , even your feet -LRB- ?! -RRB- . The buttons are large enough so that whatever position your hand is in , you will always have easy access to at least two of them . Add the ability to customise each button and you can easily find the perfect position -LRB- I use the left mouse click and browser back button the most so have them set up for easy reach -RRB- . The scroll wheel is also helpful , but to be honest I tend to use the keyboard for scrolling.The Mouseworks software -LRB- download the latest version from their website -RRB- is also easy to use , allowing you to customise the buttons , introduce button combinations and change the sensitivity of the trackball . Also handy is a rest reminder , which you can set to give you a pop-up and sound alert to take a break - very important for those who work intensely for long hours . I use the rest reminder to remind me to change my working position for a while - the beauty of the Expert Mouse is that I can use it comfortably while standing up and working without feeling any wriststrain . Another feature of the software I use is the ability to mirror the buttons for left-handed use , allowing you to quickly swap hands if you want to.While this is relatively expensive , I would highly recommend the Expert Mouse as a sound investment for those who are concerned about finding an ergonomic mouse/trackball that can be comfortably used in several positions . Kensington have a top product here .
 I have been a fan of Kensington trackballs for several years , ever since a techie friend suggested I try one as a replacement for an ailing mouse . I bought the Expert Mouse Optical Trackball recently because my new computer would not recognize my old version of the Trackball.At first , I was not entirely pleased with this newest version of the Trackball . The rolling action seemed very rough and scratchy.But , I stayed with it , and the roughness gradually got better , and is now entirely gone . The motion of the ball and the corresponding motion of the cursor is now as slick as glass . Evidently , a new Trackball requires a fairly long break-in period.Perhaps the greatest advantage to a Trackball over a mouse is that you use the Trackball without moving your arm , elbow or wrist . You simply put your wrist on the attached rest , and move the ball with your fingers . Although I do n't have Carpal Tunnel problems , I have been told that the repetitive motions required to use a conventional mouse can aggravate or even cause that condition . Using a Trackball can help minimize those repetitive motions.I have spoken with computer users who have used and do n't like trackballs , but I definitely am not one of them . I use a computer for hours every day , and the Kensington Trackball helps to take the physical drudgery out of PC use for me .
 I used an Expert Mouse Pro with Final Cut Pro on my desk top G5 . Just purchased an Expert Mouse for my G4 Powerbook for editing video news stories on the road . I ca n't live without the track ball and four very useful buttons . To carry the track ball around is not fun but worth the trouble .
 It fits my hand well and all of the movements are smooth . The scroll wheel on mine does not have the problems others have described nor do I have a problem placing the cursor . The acceleration panel in Mouseworks allows fine control . I believe the large size of the ball is also helpful in this regard . However , though this is the best I have found , I believe that the four button design could be improved upon by replacing the upper two with 5 to 7 smaller programmable function keys and possibly one along each side .
 I 've had Kensington Trackballs before but this one is the best . Being optical eliminates any mechanical problems that used to occasionally happen due to dirt and dust getting into the rollers on the old units . The big ball and mouse buttons are comfortable and easily accessable . If you 're a gamer , this unit is far superior to any conventionally designed mouse , mechanical or optical . As a trackball , the comfortable design outmatches any other trackball as well.My only complaint is with the scroller . It 's an excellent design ; perfect-easy-to-access location , right where your fingers fall naturally anyway , but ... being mechanical itself , its a little `` grindy '' and not as smooth as I would have hoped . It 's too bad they let this detail go when they went to production because , lets face it , the unit is expensive and it would have rated five stars if only the scroller were better engineered.Having said that however , I still would highly recommend this trackball over any other mouse or other trackball on the market . I love it .
 The Kensington Trackball is nice , but I 'm a little dismayed at its cost . The scroll-wheel is very sticky and chunky for it being close to $ 100 . Otherwise a great replacement for the standard cramp-inducing mouse!The scroll-wheel on the demo unit at the store was smooth , so maybe it just needs a few million turns for the plastic to wear ...
 A really well put-together peripheral . Does what it 's supposed to
 This Kensington Orbit is a wonderful Mouse . It lets you double click with the touch of one button . It also lets you scroll back up with the touch of one button . It fits the hand very well . And it also does not collect a lot of dust or trash.I love it and it is well worth the money I paid for it
 I use this trackball for audio editing in Pro Tools . The programable buttons made my work flow so much easier ! I definitely suggest this to anyone !!! No problems with this trackball what so ever and its comfortable to use .
 This is a great product that works well with Mac . All the features described work as described . The install was very simple .
 I purchased this one for the office . The corporation imposes PC/Windows XP . What a drag that the included MouseWorks software interferes with launch of corporation software . Have to work without MouseWorks so I can not customize the buttons . So , instead of using my middle finger to perform double-click with a single stroke , I have to use my thumb to perform double-click . This will lead to a disease of the joint .
 before i begin , let me explain my qualifications for saying that this mouse is great for people with RSI . i have tendonitis in both forearms , thoracic outlet syndrome in my right shoulder , and radial tunnel syndrome in my right arm -LRB- for which i had an unsuccessful surgery -RRB- . i have been in physical therapy for about 6 years and i have tried everything from cortisone to acupuncture to no avail.i was a turbo mouse user for several years . i was hesitant to buy the expert mouse because i had read about the steep incline causing fatigue and soreness after long use . i have not had this experience with the expert mouse . USE THE WRIST PAD THAT COMES WITH THE MOUSE ! if you use the wrist pad and position your chair at the correct height and have a desk that is at the correct height , the steep incline of the mouse should not be an issue . do n't be afraid to use your forearm to control the mouse - it is easy once you get the hang of it . plus , the kensington mouseworks software allows you to use the mouse for virtually all of your repetitive tasks - back/forward in the browser , copy/paste , etc. . i have a submenu that appears when i hit the two bottom buttons at the same time - i have a list of all of my usernames , passwords , address , phone number , etc. and instead of typing them i just paste them in with the kensington software . this mouse has made it so that i can use a computer without being in excruciating pain .
 I just purchased this trackball despite all of the warnings about the Kensington MouseWorks software not being compatible on the Windows Vista platform . While that 's true from an `` official '' standpoint , it 's not true from an `` unofficial '' standpoint.I ca n't guarantee this will work for everyone , but from an architectural standpoint , it should for any user on the Windows Vista 32-bit platform . The first thing I did was plug in the Kensington Expert 7.0 Trackball and once it was detected by Windows , I then downloaded the latest release of the MouseWorks software -LRB- v6 .22 -RRB- from Kensington 's site and modified the properties of the ` setup.exe ' to run in Windows XP SP2 compatibility mode and then ran that ` setup.exe ' . Once the installation is complete , when you look in the ` Device Manager ' , it should show up as ` Kensington USB Expert Mouse ' . Now if you do n't reboot after the installation , when you open up the MouseWorks software , it will show that no Kensington devices are detected , however , after the reboot , the MouseWorks software should detect the device fine assuming you installed the software package in Windows XP SP2 compatibility mode.I am able to use all of the programmable functions within the MouseWorks software for the Kensington Expert Mouse 7.0 release with zero issues on the Windows Vista 32-bit platform . 64-bit users are more than likely out of luck , but that problem is probably at the driver level.If you do n't see Kensington USB Expert Mouse in the ` Device Manager ' , you may want to find which human interface device is representing the Kensington trackball and then change the driver for it to point to the Kensington INF and manually select the Kensington trackball.I ca n't guarantee it will work for everyone , but it really should . Good luck .
 If you like track-balls , this is the way to go!I have owned two of these -- the first -LRB- bought many years ago -RRB- did n't work after a few weeks of use and I felt totally ripped off , but this one works fine . I decided to try it again because of the ergonomic benefits -- I am happy that I did !
 I 've been using Kensington 's Exert Mouse trackballs on several computers for years . The optical version that I recently purchased does everything the earlier ones did and more , plus the precision of the optical technology is fantastic .
 I absolutely love this mouse . I am at the computer all day -LRB- video/audio editing -RRB- and this is a must . Easy to move around the screen without exhausting your wrist . The wrist pad is detachable but I keep it on . The four mouse buttons are easy to custom set , and the bottom two are particularly accessible without straining . The scroll wheel is great and sturdy . Overall the size of the mouse suits my manly-ish hands . If you are a petite lady , I ca n't comment as much , but pretty much everyone I know -LRB- man or woman -RRB- uses this.If you are a newb , it will take you a few days to get accustomed to it . Anytime someone tries to use my computer they get weirded out by the strange mouse.I 've been using this mouse for 3-4 years and will continue to be a fan -LRB- and I am using it as I type this up -RRB- . Only negative
 I have used this trackball/mouse for over 10 years.The ONLY thing which has given out were the RMB and LMBswitches.These were replaced with used switches from another PS2 trackball.There has NEVER been any problem with this unit other than theswitches wearing out after 1000 's of hours of use and gameplay.The bearings have never given any trouble . Only thing you must do isoccasionally clean cat hair out of the housing near the photo pickup.Since the Expert Mouse does not include a cat I guess I ca n't turn thatin for warranty service .
 I bought this upon the recommendation of a friend and I am very pleased with it . It has some features that are redundant , like clicking on phrases , that many operating systems now have , but the use of the track ball is quick and easy .
 This is a great track ball , and the support from Kensington has been outstanding . That being said , I feel that the Trackballworks software is a step in the wrong direction . Mouseworks allowed for much more flexibility . I do NOT like Trackballworks . PERIOD !
 Have been using it for the last few years so far its the best Trackball used.If you are used to a mouse it does take a while to get used to a Trackball . Give it a few weeks and you will fall in love with the pleasure of using a trackball.For every possible Tasks from Browsing to making Video and Audio edits easy .
 This mouse did n't cure my wrist pain but it did help a bit . I now use it with a combination of other mouses . I switch from my right to my left hand whenever it starts to hurt .
 My wife was having trouble dragging the curser and clicking the mouse , specially when sperating the emails.The trackball mouse solved the problem , it was recommended by computer tech .
 This unit is very easy to use and easy on the hands . As one who has had Carpel Tunnel surgery on both hands , I really appreciate how easy this trackball device is on my hands . This unit requires some use to remove the stiffness from its operation but after that it is very smooth . The ability to program the button and ring use to your own requirements is also a very desirable feature that increases its value to the operator .
 Used this trackball during my internship and have been hooked since . Makes editing and graphic work great because of the precision . Also lets me work for hours on end without pain in the wrist or hands . Must have . Great product .
 I previously had the earlier modle of the Kensington Expert Mouse which used an older type connection . I really liked it , so that 's why I thought I 'd like this newer one , and I do , after having used it for a couple of weeks now , I find it to work very well . The wrist rest that comes with it is nice , but I do n't like the vynal surface . It would be better if it was some sort of cloth . In another feedback someone commented upon the scroll ring being flimsy and cheaply made . I have n't found it to be substandard , as it works just fine , and does n't seem to me to be prone to breaking.So , on a scale of 1 - 10 , I would give this a 10 because I am thus far pleased with it .
 I have been using Kensington roller balls for close to 10 years . I 've used different models , but this optical track ball is outstanding . The ball rolls as smooth as silk . As with any track ball , the well in which it sits should be cleaned from time-to-time of any dust that may settle in it . If there seems to be any roughness in rotating the ball , then remove the ball and clean the three small posts on which the ball sits . I bought this optical track ball in March , 2006 and have used it almost daily ever since . I am very pleased with this unit . If you have never used a track ball , buy this one and you should be `` tickled pink '' with your purchase as you get used to using it .
 Adore this product . Must admit , my wireless mouse would chew up triple A 's and mousepads , and this Kensington wired trackball does none of it . As sure as Jodi Foster is a lesbian , this trackball saves my wrist from becoming a limp rag at the end of a long night of surfing . Note that I have an issue with Windows Vista , as the programmable features of this trackball do not seem programmable . I even downloaded the newest driver from Kensigton . But it still works , just can not dial in the `` go-tos '' from the front two buttons . But the scroll ring around the generous and heavy ball is superb and zippy . I do think the ball has a tad too much wrist-ward tilt , but a small lift under the palm surface makes for an easy bromide . I dig this trackball . I can swing that cursor all over my dual screen extended view faster than you can say , `` faster pussycat ! '' A joy ! Recommended .
 I 'd been having issues with my arm , fingers , and hand becoming very sore/numb after just a small time of working with a mouse at work -LRB- it was n't carpal tunnel , it was my ulnar nerve at my elbow -RRB- . At home I have a Wacom tablet which is great , but it 's a bit expensive and I wanted to find a cheaper alternative for work . I tested a couple different alternatives , including the
 was looking for something more ergonomic than a standard mouse , or the vertical mouse -LRB- i have both -RRB- . This is very nice since I do not have to grip anything . I just have to make sure I keep my wrist in a neutral position , because it can put strain on your wrist otherwise . I am very happy with it . I am a trackball convert .
 Of course Kensington makes a great product , but the flagship is well worth the money . I have had other trackballs and even other `` expert '' mice . This one is by far the best of the best . I look forward to years of great use . Go buy one !
 I like not having to move the mouse around on my desk top todo another function . All tasks are done from one position of this mouse . Find it much more comfortable to operate .
 I have now had this unit for quite some time -LRB- about a year -RRB- . The optical setup means I do n't have to clean it and the track ball works very well . It rolls very smoothly and has a nice weighty feel to it . It has four buttons around the track ball but I find that I really use only one -LRB- the lower left one under my thumb -RRB- and sometimes the one at the lower right . Even though I have all of the buttons programmed to do useful things , I find the upper buttons are bit of a stretch to reach . As others have commented , the scroll ring is a very nice idea but it has a weird jerky feel to it that makes it not as pleasant to use as you might imagine.I use the trackball with a Mac running OS X 10.4 and there were no problems with setup and use . I personally like a trackball for personal use -LRB- I do use a mouse at work -RRB- because I think it is a bit less stressful .
 Doing photo work , surfing the net or documents . This is an easy to control trackball . Wrist pad is included so you can wrist rest as you take a break.Check it out the ball moves smoothly-with fingers or ball of the hand.All buttons easy to access . Configured for Wndows XP but can easily be changed . Good value for the money .
 I really love this mouse . I can not use the regular type because of an injury to my hand . This is just so great because everything you need is right there . They even let you scroll by just moving the circle that is around the ball . It is just so great not to have to move the mouse everywhere to get it to work . I have tried other types like this but they always had some problem so far this one is perfect.My grandchildren love it too even though they are able to use any type mouse . They were afraid I might not get another one when I gave my old computer away that had the older version of this mouse.They are so happy with this one now because of the improvements . It is well worth the money .
 I was in need of a trackball mouse because of lower arm pain due to a death grip I was using on the regular mouse . Since using the new Kensington , I have noticed a significant decrease in the pain . The trackball is super easy to operate . It may take a little getting used to , but not enough to have that be the reason for not getting one . The ball moves very smoothly and the ring for scrolling up and down may be a little stiff at first , but that definitely goes away with use . The Kensington proved to be better than I expected ! So glad I got one !
 I was fearful to upgrade to Leopard as I had read that features like the scroll ring did not work with Leopard . However , I took the plunge and am happy to report that my Expert Mouse works just as well as it did for 10.4 -LRB- and 10.3 , 10.2 , and 10.1 -RRB- . Just thought I 'd relay my experience as I had not seen too many positive experiences posted . Of course , YMMV , and note that I have the wired mouse , I do n't know whether the wireless version would perform the same .
 I 've read some who think the angle is bad on this trackball , but I have been using Kensington Expert Mouse trackballs for over a decade and this one does n't seem any different as far as ergonomics goes than the past models . I have not noticed any strain on my wrist or hand or fingers with the new one and I work at my computer all day every day and already have wrist issues -LRB- not computer related -RRB- . In fact , it 's my favorite trackball I 've ever used . There may be some who have issues with the angle but I do not and have not noticed it being different or strange.It has the smoothest movement of any pointer device I 've ever used . The wrist rest is very nice , although it seems to fit onto the unit a little wonky . It 's nothing that hinders its use , it just does n't seem to snap into place as easily as I would like . I love the scroll ring which is so much better than the previous scroll wheel that I never used on older models . This model is smaller than previous models , too . They got rid of those extra buttons at the top of the thing which were a little useless in my opinion . Over the past decade plus I have been using the big ball trackballs from Kensington and they seem to last for a very long time . This is only the third one I 've had in that time . I consider the high price tag worth it since it will be with you for at least three years and most likely five or more if taken care of . I also love the fact that this one is optical and has no wheels inside to get those hard oily deposits on them . This one you just have to clean the dusty goop out every now and then and that is not too difficult . For me , this is the ultimate big ball trackball and worth the price tag .
 Excellent trackball , easier to clean than the Orbit and feels better on my wrist . Only complaint was that the scrolling mechanism broke after a year - that 's the black circle surrounding the ball in the center , which is supposed to scroll pages when you turn it . Big fan of Kensington though , having tried so many with my Macs . Still going to continue purchasing Kensington trackballs because others do n't work as well on a Mac .
 Unlike traditional mice , the Kensington Expert Mouse is like an extension of your brain-hand , allowing you to work in tight spaces and without a mouse pad . The controls are intuitive and work well . This is a GREAT product !!
 Anyone who works at a desktop machine will appreciate the speed , screen coverage and comfort of a trackball versus mouse . And the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball is the best of those I 've used over the past ten years . With a fraction of an inch movement of a fingertip , you can move a cursor from one corner of a screen to another at lightening speed , minimal finger movement and zero wrist movement . It 's a joy to use.At the same time , when you need exacting precision in cursor movement , it is literally , at your fingertip . This is thanks to speed settings you can control . The software allows to set the speed of your broad , cross-screen cursor movement , as well as , slow movement for very precise cursor placement . It 's quick and easy to set your speed settings so the ball is customized to just the fast/slow cursor speeds you like . Do n't be afraid to use the software to try some different settings . You 'll be amazed , and you 'll be moving the cursor with more speed and precision than you ever thought possible.Oh ... and the the scroll ring ... ever need to view a long document or web page ? Well , just place your cursor on the up/down slide bar at the right of a long page , then , again , with the movement of a fingertip , the scroll ring controls the slide bar for fast , easy up/down page viewing . No more depressing a mouse button and dragging.No more mouse pads , no more picking up the mouse to put it back in the target area , no more desk space devoted to mice and pads ... and the padded , wrist rest which comes with the Expert Mouse provides a comfortable , place to actually rest your wrist while you 're guiding the ball with a fingertip.The ball moves so easily , when you guide it , it feels as though the ball is floating on air . There is no better way to take 98 % of the hand work out of `` mousing . `` Once you 've used one , you too will wonder why everyone is n't using a Kensington Expert Mouse Optical Trackball .
 I 'm a great fan of trackballs for the added control they give me in graphics and other detail work . But this 4-button Kensington Expert Mouse is a major upgrade from the previous 4-button versions . It 's more ergonomically designed for greater comfort , as it conforms more to the natural curve of the hand at rest . The wrist rest is also well-designed to keep the hand and wrist comfortably aligned . Combined with the scroll ring , `` mousing '' becomes a finger job rather than a hand and arm exercise . But the best advantage -LRB- which actually applies to all trackballs -RRB-
 I 've been using a trackball for 10 + years . My Logitech Trackman Marble FX -LRB- that is 8 years old -RRB- finally died . As an IT worker I am always looking for things that make my life on the computer easier and this trackball makes the grade . The scroll ring is just awesome , I have n't had any of the issues other people have had , just plugged it in . Mousetracks software seems to be pretty good . This thing is worth every penny ! I am on the computer 10 to 12 hours a day and it just works GREAT !
 The trackball is a very quick and easy way to get around the screen with less fatigue after a long session.This is a high quality easy to use product that eases the strain of computer work .
 Everything I wanted , especially in game playing since the ball is right on top and not on the side . Great item for the price .
 this is a great mouse right out of the box . we opened it , plugged it into the USB port on our mac , and it worked like a dream . Smooth rolling and very easy to control .
 I would never own any other Trackball/Mouse ! I am thinking about buying a few of these in case they should quit making them available . This is my second the first one is still in use , I just moved it to my office . Bought the first one about 5 years ago .
 I needed a trackball to work in a limited horizontal space , and was surprised at how few are still on the market , especially if you do n't want to control the ball with your thumb . No model had flawless reviews . I finally chose this one and have been delighted . The ball itself is smooth , light in action , quick , and precise . The buttons are fine , the ring is ok -LRB- I ca n't really compare it to anything else -RRB- , and it works immediately and flawlessly with Vista . The only negative is that Kensington has not invested in updating its software so that the top two buttons can be configured in Vista . So two feature buttons go to waste . For my purposes , however , this trackball is well-made , a joy to use , saves my wrist , and looks good in a solid sort of way .
 I hesitated to purchase this after reading so many negative reviews . Carpel Tunnel has been a real problem for me lately and I wanted to find a better solution than my existing trackballs . I own the Microsoft Trackball Explorer , the Marble Mouse and a variety of others . This is my preferred trackball . The other reviewers are right , the roughness of the ball and scroll ring is quite surprising . For me the ball smoothed out after a couple of days and while the ring is not totally smooth even now after a couple of months , the ergonomics of it are so superior that I do n't even think about it . The ball is now as smooth as any other trackball I own and the ring makes this a great trackball.The biggest problem with the design is the overall form of the device . Because it is so wide you can not fit your hand around it so your wrist ends up in a very painful upward bend . Both the Marble Mouse and the Internet Explorer allow your wrist to remain relatively straight and the trackball to be under it . Kensington supplies a wrist rest but you should plan on a way to prop up the back of the device to make it lay more flat with your hand . I use the trackball on top of a mouse pad with a wrist rest and rest the back of it on the gel pad . This almost levels out the top surface . It is surprising that this much effort has to be expended to get a decent input device , but that is the state of the market right now .
 great mouse . I 'm trying to look out for my hands as my parents have had some issues with tendentious and the like . My only beef is that the scroll around the ball is a bit glitchy in Photoshop in typography tools such as tracking/leading/font size -LRB- Mac OSX -RRB- . bit of a bummer , but worth it none-the-less . the 4 buttons are excellent addition ! you can even set up combos for dual simultaneous mouse press . this and a tablet are indispensable in the Graphic Design arsinal .
 Amazing product , easy to use , very comfortable , responsive for games and precise for high resolution work . Use them at both home and work . Does need to be cleaned each month , but so easy to do . When was the last time you cleaned your mouse ? Removes so much pressure from the wrist too .
 This is a substantial peripheral . I 've used mine to smash my old mouse into over 100 little pieces . Now my life 's a ball .
 In my home office I have very litle room to be moving a `` regular '' mouse around the desktop so I am a big fan of trackballs . I have had 3 different tracks now , a Microsoft , a Logitech , and now this one by Kensington . I have to say this one is by far the best . You can program into the four buttons any type of wording or shortcut programming you like , did i mention 4 buttons , a superior scroll ring , and of course the trackball . If you like trackballs , and I ca n't understand why most people dont , this is the one to get you will not regret it .
 The Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for my Mac is the best trackball I could have chosen . I have a large display , so a super fast cursor is what I need and appreciate . It is the third one I have owned .
 When the mouse was new , I did experience the scratchiness of the scroll wheel described by some other reviewers , though that has mostly gone away with a little wear . The scroll wheel still is n't as nice as the less expensive Kensington Orbit Trackball , but it is functional . Overall however , this is really the superior mouse for a couple of reasons :1 . The two extra programmable mouse buttons -LRB- middle click on one , and the cut operation on the other is really nice -RRB- 2 . The larger ball makes this mouse more comfortable to use .3 . The wrist rest is much better and quite comfortable .
 You ca n't get any better than this , plus these seem to last a long time , as opposed to the older ones . There is a 5 year warranty on these , previous units broke consistently at about 2 years , and forget the wireless ones , only 6-10 months on those . These are lasting a good long time ! A recommended buy .
 The price might seem a bit expensive for a mouse or trackball , but what you get in return is a very smooth working pointing device in a trackball form.You move the ball instead of moving a mouse around on your desk . The ball rolls almost effortlessly and does n't have any `` gritty '' feeling spots like some trackballs I 've owned . This particular trackball has a feel of quality . It comes with a wrist rest that makes the angle of your wrist less stressful and more ergonomic than if you do n't use it , and once you attach it , do n't expect the plastic pins to come out without breaking one of them , but that should n't be an issue . You either want the wrist rest attached or you do n't . If it does n't work well for you with the wrist rest , pull it off and toss it in the trash.The scroll ring is translated by software into scrolling movements like you would get using the scroll wheel on a Microsoft Mouse . If you need use of the scroll wheel , you will need to install the driver for this device.Mine has seen a lot of use in CAD work at my place of employment . If you 're using a mouse now , or a different type of trackball -LRB- like one that uses a `` thumb ball '' for movements -RRB- , it may take a short while to get used to using it . Once you do , though , you may never want to go back.I had an issue with occasional program freeze-ups with an old version of Pro Engineer -LRB- a CAD program at least 10 years old and made for XP or even an earlier version of Windows and used on a Windows 7 PC at work -RRB- and found that unloading the driver from Windows memory fixed the problem . Restarting the PC gave me several hours of PC use without any problems . Sometimes no problems for over a day . But since it was an intermittent problem , I just put up with it to enjoy the benefits of this trackball . I do n't believe that this will be an issue when we convert over to a newer CAD program offered by the same company . But I thought it only fair to mention this in case your situation is exactly the same . The fact that I am willing to restart the PC to refresh Windows and start over to get several hours of trouble-free PC use with this trackball says a lot for how much I love this trackball.I 've used Kensington trackballs in the past , but this one has a better feel than any of the previous ones I 've used . I also believe that this one will last longer than the previous ones , which only lasted about 3 years or so . This one has seen a couple years ' worth of use so far and it looks and feels like new.There is one other trackball that I feel is worth looking at , and that 's the wireless Logitech Trackman trackball . I have also used it at work but there is a big difference in perceived quality between it and the Kensington model . The finish of the Logitech model sort of peels off and makes it look a bit rough after a few weeks . I had one that I bought used and it lasted me only a few weeks . I have another one that I will be giving a try soon at work , so I will have a review on the Logitech model soon.Avoid spending money on cheap trackballs . I purchased one for under $ 20 some time ago and was terribly disappointed . It felt like the ball had some rough spots , like it was catching on grains of sand at times . It was a waste of my money.While I have n't tried any of Kensington 's other trackballs -LRB- I 've always used their `` Expert Mouse '' series of trackballs , they do make some less expensive models . Not cheap , but less expensive at $ 24 and up . They have a few Orbit models for around $ 24-35 , and one wireless Orbit model for around $ 49 . They also offer the SlimBlade , which looks very sleek and attractive but appears to have an angle that I do n't think I would be comfortable with . It 's also $ 95 , and I am very happy with the Expert Mouse , which sells for just under $ 75 here on Amazon . -LRB- They seem to have very competitive prices here on some of these , not so competitive on others , but when you count in free shipping , I think all of the prices are pretty good here -RRB- . For those who think they would prefer to use their thumb to control the mouse pointer on the screen , Logitech offers at least one model that offers that
 I 've been using my Kensington Turbo Mouse for more than a decade . I bought 2 somewhere along the way just so I would have a backup in case one broke . Eventually they both wore out and I succumbed to buying this . LOVE IT !!! Just as smooth and easy to glide as the old version . It did take about a week to &#34; break in &#34; before the wheel was fully loose . But the scroll wheel - wonderful . How 'd I ever live without it ?!? I was so desperate to hold on to my Turbo Mouse , but this is definitely a smart upgrade .
 I used a Microsoft Trackball Mouse Until it wore out , This has been the best replacement that I have found so far and I recommend it to everyone that wants a trackball Mouse . It works great as a trackball mouse .
 UPDATE 2/5/2013
 Years ago , at my first job in corporate America , I inherited a kensington trackball and a mac from a prior owner . What a joy ! It fit my hand well , did n't cause thumb wearout . Unfortunately , I lost the trackball when the office moved from Mac to PC.Lately I started feeling some twinges of impending carpal tunnel syndrome , so I looked around for a good mouse . I was happy to find this new Kensington for the PC . I 've had it a few weeks and I 'm no longer feeling the pain in my wrist . The ball rolls smoothly - no complaints there . Maybe other reviewers had earlier versions ? I do n't think I loaded the software so I ca n't comment on the buttons as I have n't even tried to customize them . But this is definitely better for my wrist and hand . Worth every penny . And yes , I bought it myself - the office does n't pay for this stuff .
 Best mouse from Kensington I have bought . Works very intuitively for me . Have been using Kensington for years . The only reason I give it four stars is because of the plastic rollers that the ball rests on . I would have rather had the rubies like in the Slimblade . Makes for a very quiet and smooth scroll with the slimblade system . Running it on Vista works very well . The older style Kensington Expert mouse with the stainless rollers is all but useless anymore unless you are running pre Vista but at the very least I would have rather seen them use the stainless rollers in the Optical mouse .
 I wanted a nice new mouse , primarily for graphics work , and decided - what the hey - I 'd try out this trackball . After reading so many reviews I was a little concerned , they seemed a bit contradictory.Once you `` find '' your hand positioning , mouse speed and preference for buttons , this thing is really comfy to use ! It takes a little to get used to , but once you do it feels very natural and smooth.I used this in XP for a while , and for the life of me -LRB- apparently it can be done , but not for me -RRB- I could n't get MouseWorks to work in Vista -LRB- 64 bit -RRB- on my new machine . -LRB- Otherwise I 'd probably give it 5 stars -RRB- That being said , free software called `` xmouse '' did very nicely ... though not perfect , and does allow you to customize the track ball for specific software . I really enjoy the `` slow drag '' for using photoshop , but there is no slow drag in xmouse.The scroll ring , while sounding a little `` cheap '' works fine , and I have no issues with it . I programmed it as a `` jog/shuttle '' type control when using Premiere Pro.I enjoy my gaming too ... I like first person shooters . Thought , OK , I 'll try this trackball -LRB- fearing the worst -RRB- . I quite enjoyed it :-RRB- in some ways its a little trickier , but that 's offset by the fact that in someways you get better control.The final proof is the fact that since plugging it in , I 've NEVER gone back to the old mouse.Highly recommended .
 The Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball is an excellent product . It has relieved the carpal tunnel problems I experience in my right arm . Thank you .
 Good news for all Windows and Mac users ! In June 2010 Kennsington published TrackballWorks , which supports full functionality for all current Kennsington trackball models -LRB- including Expert Mouse -RRB- under all Windows versions back to XP and for Mac . ************** I work constantly on the computer and find that a trackball is much better and less stressful than a mouse . For my style of working , the Expert Mouse Trackball is the best I 've discovered.A number of the reviews here relate to older versions of the `` Expert Mouse '' Trackball , and are not completely applicable to the current -LRB- 7.0 -RRB- version.When my Microsoft Trackball Explorer finally died I first tried a Logitech Cordless Optical TrackMan , which looks a bit like the Trackball Explorer . But my hand tended to slip back on its rounded housing and I could not adapt it very well to my style of working . So I decided to try the Expert Mouse Trackball , even though I had found an earlier version unsatisfactory . The new one is not perfect , but much better and is now my standard device.There are many different ways to use a trackball and it is important to know whether a review is relevant to your style . I still use the style I was taught in connection with military systems decades ago -LRB- which was based on human factors research -RRB- and has never caused me any repetitive stress problems -LRB- as mouses do -RRB- . My elbow is on the arm of my chair , at trackball height , and the heel of my hand is on the rest that comes with the Expert Mouse , with my index and middle fingers moving the ball and my thumb and ring and pinkie fingers pushing buttons . I use my ring finger to move the scroll ring , switching off with my thumb sometimes when doing lots of scrolling.This is clearly the most ambidextrous pointing device of all -- it does n't make any difference whether you use it right or left handed . That means that the button placement is not optimal for either hand , however . The lower -LRB- proximal -RRB- button on the pinkie -LRB- lateral -RRB- side takes more effort than the others . Thus you should assign your least-needed function to it . Fortunately , the Kinsington MouseWorks software allows complete flexibility in button assignment . It also allows a great deal of control over all of the functions of the device , so you can tune it to your working style and specific needs . Among other things , you can tell it to change its functions when operating under specific applications.The trackball itself is excellent , the only consumer ball I 've encountered that is up to the standards of the precision trackballs on high-end military systems -- big and smooth . The scroll ring is very nice , much better than any scroll wheel . Like a scroll wheel it is slightly notchy , but it has a much more solid feel and natural motion.Installation is quite straightforward . Simply download the MouseWorks software from the Kensington site -LRB- the version on the CD with the ball is outdated -RRB- , self-extract it to a temporary directory , install it from the temporary directory , re-start , and plug in the ball to a USB -LRB- or PS2 -RRB- port . My Windows XP recognized it automatically and brought up MouseWorks so I could tailor the functions .
 Trackball is very smooth . The scroll ring works great ! The design keeps my hand and wrist from getting tired or sore . I 'm using it with a MAC computer . I would recommend it for anyone looking for a trackball type mouse .
 Easy to install and operate for both my PC Notebook and Macbook at my home office . Great ergonomic design and operation
 I have been using this trackball for years and I love its fast response and accuracy . Recently one of the little ruby balls that the main ball rests on went missing . The cursor also started to drift on me . I contacted Kensington and they immediatly sent me an entire new trackball even though the original was 4 years old . They stand by their product.You can not beat the precision of this trackball.This version is much better than the slimline because they screwed up the way the Slimnline operates . However , I would like to see a new model that works the same way , but that has DPI switching on the fly , and that you can switch the scrolling mode to glide -LRB- instead of ratcheted -RRB- like on some Logitech mice .
 This is an outstanding product , saves space on the desk top and gives you the ability to control drawing lines , moving objects and much more without having to run a mouse all over the desktop
 I purchased one of these several years ago for doing cad work . Was so impressed , ended up buying 2 more ; one for my CNC machine and one for my laptop . It 's compact , precise and easy to use . The one in my workshop needs to have the ball socket cleaned about once a week , but that 's to be expected and it 's easy to do.Highly recommend this trackball .
 I 've been using trackballs for the last 18 years , and this is the best one yet . I 've used most of the trackballs that Microsoft and Logitech sold . I 've recently had issues with Logitech causing USB errors and occasionally not working . To solve this issue I decided to try the Kensington Expert Trackball.Some of the reviews are very old , so here are my current observations .1 . It feels as solid as a rock and the wrist pad works great .2 . The big ball works better and is smoother than any trackball I 've used . -LRB- It takes a little bit are use to break in , but when it does , it 's as smooth as butter -RRB- 3 . The scroll wheel works great -LRB- it does make a little noise , but who cares -RRB- 4 . The Trackballworks software is effective and very easy to use . -LRB- Just download and install -RRB- 5 . My USB issues are gone , and the trackball and software works perfect with my Windows 7 system .
 Works like a charm and have replaced all my other mice with Kensington products . Would recommend to anybody who wants an easier way to navigate on screen .
 We have been using Kensington trackballs for years and ca n't imagine using any other type of device . Because you do n't have to have a lot of room , we have the trackball for our laptop next to the keyboard in the keyboard tray on our desk -LRB- We could n't use a regular mouse in this location -RRB- . We are using the new trackball with our new desktop computer and are delighted with it . The Kensington Expert Mouse trackballs are reliable . The only reason we ordered a new one is that the trackball we were using with our desktop used a PS/2 connection and would n't work with the new computer .
 I had one of the originals back in the mid nineties before we learned about ergonomics . Hated to return it but it gave me increadible wrist pain . Thanks to the new wrist rest I 'm happy to report no such problems now ! I did replace the pleather rest with a gel one . As others have mentioned , the scroll wheel is a great idea but feels like it has sand in it . It does get a little better with time.I had hoped using XP as I do I would be spared the software problems others have noted . No such luck ! DO N'T INSTALL THE SOFTWARE IT WILL OPEN EVERY PROGRAM YOU MOUSE ACROSS !!! There are freeware alternatives out there and I 'm using one of those without a problem.Works well withFlight Simulator 2004Photoshopand Linux UBUNTU 12.04
 my desk is very cluttered , so i like most things to remain stationary . i hate moving an entire mouse around , it takes so much more area . this trakball thingy is nice because its easier on your hand , can be left or right handed , and you can assign two extra functions to the two extra buttons on the top -LRB- you can also change what the right click button does , but i just use it for right-clicking obviously -RRB- . i have mine set up for copy on the left and paste on the right . i also do alot of graphic design . this mouse is good for some graphic design , especially for 3D design . but if you are doing precise things on photoshop and illustrater , i would recommend getting a drawring pen and tablet . ultimately , if you just hate using your trackpad on your laptop , and want something that is easier to control and does not wear out your hand , and can go anywhere without a mousepad , then this is a good choice for you .
 I 'm thrilled with this purchase . Its practical design makes it usable right out of the box . I bought this trackball as a way to avoid repetitive stress motion from mouse overuse . It has helped immensely . I would highly recommend this item to anyone who spends a few hours or more on their computer in a given day .
 The Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball is everything I wanted and more . Several years ago , I discovered the ease of using a trackball as opposed to a mouse , wired or unwired , but upgraded computers and systems , did n't find an OS X compatible trackball for my new hardware quickly enough , and went back to using a mouse ... until I saw this new , sleek model from Kensington . It works beautifully . No more picking up the mouse to move the cursor across large areas of screen , no more concerns about the surface I was mousing on . With the optional wrist-rest , I can do everything I used to do with my mouse , with a fraction the effort . Plus it has a scrolling ring and four programmable buttons , which I use for switching between open applications , right-clicking when in Windows , and regular Mac left clicking.Kensington makes good stuff , and this mouse is no exception . I recommend getting one , particularly to people who do any sort of work on larger monitors , and users who , for whatever reason , do n't want to be limited to working on a flat , level surface -LRB- you can hold the trackball in your lap , leaning back from your desk , without losing a bit of efficiency -RRB- .
 I 've used a Kensington trackball for the past 15 years at my places of work and at home . I was leery about ordering the new one after reading some of the reviews but I need n't have worried.I installed it at work and was immediately productive once I got used to needing a lighter touch when using it . I still have an Expert Trackball 5.0 at home and see -LRB- and feel -RRB- the big difference between each of them in how they are handled . The new one wins hands down !
 Kensington trackballs are heavy , precision instruments , ideal for the serious user . Older models used rotating wheels that sometimes trapped dirt or hair in the contact zone , resulting in slippage . The new model is based on an optical sensor , and appears immune to these problems . They cost a bit more then a conventional mouse , but their stability and accuracy make them a first choice for CAD or photo work .
 When I first was diagnosed with arthritic thumb , I realized that it was aggravated by my use of a regular mouse . A friend recommended the Kensington Expert Mouse with a trackball . This was at least six years ago . I ordered it and as my friend indicated it gave me a world of relief.When I got a new Dell Laptop Computer , I found that the hook-up for my old Kensington Expert Mouse was incorrect , so I ordered the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for the PC . I 've been using it for about a month now , and I like it as well or even better than my old one.You can set the 4 buttons so you have a right click , double click , regular click , etc. . It has a wheel for scrolling which is really terrific , since one of the things that causes me the most problems with my arthritis is the repetitive clicking on the up and down arrows or using the scroll bar.I 've had no problems with the functions . It came with an attachable wrist support . It is an added asset , and I use it daily.I could never go back to the old fashioned mice , with mousepads , wires that drag stuff with them , and the space required to move the thing.I highly recommend this product .
 As a designer I use my trackball because
 This is my second Kensington track ball . -LRB- My old one was ADB , the new one USB . -RRB- Its large ball is easy to use and the ring is great for scrolling . The Kensington company is great to deal with for customer service .
 The advice to wash the ball is wrong . I did , and the ball would barely move ... friction . Untill Irubbed a little skin oil on it ... then it flew ! Continues to spin with the slightest toch . It 's great . I laughed , I cried . I 'll never go back to a regular mouse ever !
 I 've used Kensington trackballs for years . I recently bought a new computer and wanted to buy the updated version of their trackball . I read the reviews on their wireless versions but was n't impressed with the battery life so I bought the wired version . The new design is much better than previous versions in that it 's optical and it has a moveable ring around the ball that allow scrolling . The ball itself has some kind of a coating on it that had to be washed off for smooth operation but it works better than my original version.I would buy it again .
 I 've owned trackballs for years . I have a Logitech T - CH11 with 3 buttons that I really like . It 's about 10 yrs old and has a lower and more comfortable profile than this one or the new Logitechs.I 've had this for about a month . I bought it for my 84 year old father who was just getting into computers . He was having trouble with desktop space to drive a mouse . He also had some trouble clicking and double clicking where he wanted with a mouse due to muscle control issues . He kept starting programs he did n't want and accidentally moving icons and folders around . I thought it would be good to separate cursor control and clicking . He tried the trackball but did n't want to switch from what he already knew -LRB- for a week -RRB- even though it seemed easier for him to use . The device is now on my backup machine used by my girlfriend who is 55 and uses it mostly for games and web surfing . Both she and my father tend to sit back from the machine and hold the trackball with two hands in their laps and flail at it with their thumbs.Pros
 first off , what i am NOT reviewing
 I run six different computer systems in the lab , and I hate mice . Both the computer type and the cheese-eating type . There 's never enough mouse pad to run around on , especially when doing graphics . These trackballs feature billiard-size trackballs with an optical resolution that makes for a smooth control . Couple the Expert Mouse with an IBM Model-M clicky keyboard and computing becomes fun again . .
 I spend a couple of hours -LRB- or more -RRB- every day and use a graphics package quite often which requires precise control of the cursor . I needed a trackball because of shoulder pain that has developed over the years from using a regular mouse . However , a regular mouse provides exact control and previous attempts , several years ago , at using trackballs did not work very well for a variety of reasons . This time around , I started with the Logitech Wireless M570 which really did not work for me . Although the M570 seems well built and Logitech support is very good , using my thumb on the tiny ball and the placement of the right/left buttons was just not for me.After reading the reviews for the Kensington Expert Mouse , I was pretty apprehensive about buying it . However , now that I 've used it for a few weeks , I find the Expert Mouse to be pretty good . It installed on my W7 PC easily and the configuration panel works well also . I really like the big ball and it 's smooth action . This trackball seems well made with the one exception I 'll mention below when I explain my 4 star rating . When just moving the cursor with the ball alone , I have as much fine control as with a regular mouse without the shoulder pain . The right click button seems natural and I adjusted to its placement quickly . The placement of the top two buttons is adequate for my needs.The reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is due to two issues . First is the left click button . If this were the only issue , I 'd still give 5 stars as this might be a personal issue . When I need to highlight or drag and drop , holding down the left button and moving the ball is more difficult for me than using a regular mouse - maybe an extra button on the side would be helpful . Also , I often click this button by mistake when using the scrolling ring . However , my main reason for 4 stars is due to the poor construction of the scrolling ring . On one hand , this is a very handy feature and I would n't buy a trackball that did n't have a scrolling feature . However , the grinding and jerky motion of this ring is very annoying . It 's strange that Kensington has n't corrected this as earlier reviews also noted this problem .
 After breaking it in , and it will take a few minutes of use , the action is super slick , the buttons programable and the comfort , superior to a laser mouse that demands space to move around.I love the expert mouse and wish it were wireless .
 For years , I 've had doctors telling me my carpal tunnel was in my wrist . I recently visited a holistic-style MD and she said the problem is in my elbow as a result of mousing and recommended a trackball.I read a lot of reviews and for the money , this seemed to be the best value and I 'm glad I bought it . I no longer need to wear a wrist wrap - it 's that good .
 I 've tried smaller trackballs and do n't like them . This one I found quite satisfactory . I was using this one to play games -LRB- Marble Madness -RRB- and it works well . The wheel for scrolling works well , though not quite as natural as the wheel on a mouse . I do have a bit of trouble right clicking but that little used function does not in anyway take away from a well engineered trackball .
 I looked at all the options on trackballs and believe the K64325 provides the best features for the price . I especially like the LARGE ball and prefer the finger control rather than the thumb control of my other trackball . The hand rest is comfortable . Unless you want or need more buttons , or need a smaller footprint , this is the mouse/trackball you should buy .
 This was a replacement for one I 'd had for years that finally wore out . It 's just the best mouse , for either hand . I had to switch hands after injuring my right hand , and using this left handed seems very natural , after the 1st day or two .
 I switched to trackball mice after I quit gaming , and have been unable to go back . That said , I missed having a scroll wheel , as this is ubiquitous among modern mice . This trackball cures that problem . The large ball used in this trackball is great , allows you to throw the pointer across multi-monitor displays with ease . There are only two flaws
 Okay , this is going to make a lot of people mad . I almost did n't buy this mouse b/c I read the reviews stating that it did not have Vista support , and that MouseWorks did not work . WELL , if people would use some common sense , they would find several ways to make it work . Use `` Google '' people , its a wonderful thing . And please write reviews after you have exhausted all other avenues . If you have done all of this , and it still does not work , then I 'm sorry you got the short end of the deal , and your reviews are appreciated .
 I have owned one now for 6 months , and I can say without a doubt that this is the ultimate trackball and maybe the ultimate hand-input device for a computer besides the keyboard . If they were a little less expensive I would buy a few more for work and other computers I have , but if the one I had broke , I would replace it in a second . If you are an experienced computer user and you want a great trackball or mouse alternative , this gets my vote for the best option if money is no object . Anything cheaper will have some drawback or another , this does n't have any drawbacks other than the higher initial price .
 As always , this Kensington trackball is smooth as can be . My only negative comment is that they have gotten rid of their direct launch buttons . I switched to trackballs years ago to help with the ergonomics of my set up and having those buttons was a huge help.Great functionality here .
 I purchased this as a gift for my husband . The box , when it arrived , was surprisingly heavy . We opened it up and found that the thing is HUGE . The ball is about the size and weight of a pool ball . It has an optical movement , so perhaps it wo n't be plagued with the problems that he had with the Kensington TurboBall -LRB- for no discernible reason , the TurboBall , no matter how often he cleaned it , would periodically glitch out where the cursor would only go in straight lines - horizontal or vertical - and it drove him nuts , eventually back to a regular rodent -RRB- . This trackball , he says , is great . He is enjoying it a lot , and the huge ball is very comfortable to use , as is the scroll wheel . An added bonus is that the buttons are programmable , so he can truly make it work HIS way . Good news indeed - I know that I will have something to go to when my beloved Microsoft Trackball Explorer -LRB- no longer manufactured -RRB- bites the dust !
 I LOVE the Kensington Expert Mouse . I tried a lot of other trackball mice and every one of them caused some pain in my hand or wrist . I use this mouse for 5-15 hours a day and have no problems.I just bought another Expert Mouse because I thought it was wearing out . It turns out the problem was the program , not the mouse . So I 'll use my perfectly good 21/2 year old mouse for my backup computer.I 've been using an ergo beads pad to brace my wrist but this time , I 'm trying the support that 's provided with the mouse . So far it 's working fine.I have purchased these since they were n't optical . I have to admit , the models before optical wore out within a year . Once Kensington replaced one and I bought two others ... one a year . Comfort is very important to me ; at the same time I 'm glad they improved the design!I keep compressed air next to the mouse and every couple of days lift out the trackball and blow away any lint that collected on the knobs that hold the ball .
 I love it . I was having a lot of difficulty with my traditional mouse . I could n't seem to get it to go where I wanted , but with the Kensington Trackball , I do n't have that problem . It has made my life so much easier . I highly recommend it for anyone who has difficulty manipulating a regular mouse .
 First of all trackballs are not built for gamers . That 's being said , Kensington Expert Mouse is an excellent pointing device . Unlike most traditional trackballs this one has an integrated scroll ring and 4 fully programmable buttons . It also comes with a fully transferable five-year warranty . Compatible with MS Windows & Mac running OS X . The only thing I do n't like about it is its price . I highly recommend this product .
 Simple and elegant - this is the best trackball out there , and I 've tried many . I have bought many Kensington track balls over the years , and I have 4 of this model or my various machines . It is easily the best combination of ergonomics , solid performance , quality of build , and usability.And their customer support is second to none.Do your wrist a favor and use this instead of a mouse !
 I 've been a fan of the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball series for many years . The Expert Mouse Optical USB with Scroll ring is without a doubt the peak of the Kensington trackball design . Even without support support for Kensington 's customization software -LRB- native windows drivers work fine in all versions of Win 7 -RRB- this unit hit 's the the bulls-eye on functionality.It 's slightly bulky design makes little difference , however , the first time you use the scroll ring you 'll wonder why it took them so long to figure this out . The control one gets with this unit is particularly good . I 've given several of these to friends and every one has loved it.I 'd recommend this unit highly to anyone ; gaming and graphic design are especially notable uses of the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball.Once you convert its hard to go back .
 I was a little nervous about switching to a track ball because of the amount of screen real-estate that I need to move across . I have 3x22 '' monitors running a resolution of 1680x1050 and I thought I might have to scroll a lot in order to get from one end to the other . In reality , once I installed the mouseworks software so that I could adjust the acceleration , it 's faster to move the pointer from one end to the other than it ever was with my mouse because it wold inevitably have to pick it up and drag it if I was crossing from one edge to the other of my desktop . With the trackball I am am now so used to the effort it takes to move a certain distance that I can move from one end to the other by simply flicking the ball ... the pointer is near where I want it before I can turn my head to and focus on what I want to click on.On top of this ease of use , I really love the scroll ring . I find that I also tend to flick that as well to scroll all the way up to the top of the page . All in all very happy that I bought it.Matthew Purdon
 I have had a repetitive motion injury -LRB- tennis elbow -RRB- for the past 3 months . I had an ergonomic evaluation from a PhD in ergonomics and they recommended that I get a trackball mouse to help address this problem . I have used the Kensington trackball mouse for about a month now and my symptoms are nearly gone . It was hard to get used to at first but now I love the trackball . I highly recommend this mouse .
 I have one of these at home , one at work , and one where I volunteer on a computer used by many people . I have n't had any complaints about it , and most people like it.I work in IT , so I spend most of my day at the computer . This is utterly amazing . It 's less strain on my wrist/hand than a mouse , and also MUCH quicker - just give the trackball a flick to get from one corner of the screen to the other . I also LOVE the scroll wheel - it 's very natural , as I use my index finger for the trackball , my little finger and thumb for the buttons , and my ring finger naturally rests on the scroll wheel - unlike a wheel mouse , it 's pretty much where my finger already is.Most importantly , it 's amazingly precise . I do a fair amount of CAD and graphics work , and this is much more precise than a mouse when trying to draw a line or edit an image pixel-by-pixel . Unlike a mouse which moves in distinct increments - pretty hard to select a very specific spot - this has a fluid range of motion , and can stop almost anywhere - even makes a big difference when moving a selector bar around .
 When you have hands big enough to be classed as meat hooks it takes a big mouse to fill the bill ! No more hand cramps for me !
 Even though a larger mouse , it is very comfortable . Sometimes I have problems reaching the upper buttons but it only takes a little adjustment of my hand and I 'm good to go . The roller ball is smooth , the scroll wheel is AWESOME , and having the larger buttons is convenient . I 'm happy !
 This is the second Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac that I have purchased . After , five years of hard daily use , I had to replace the first one because one of the rollers the ball rests on broke , and as a result the unit felt scratchy when you moved the ball . I very happy with the perfomance although the speed of this trackball does take a little getting used to , but with a little practice you will have an outstanding mousing experience .
 Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325Absolutely love my Kensington Mouse . I had wanted one for a long time -LRB- since my old one quit ! -RRB- Now the price was reachable -LRB- husband allowed it ! -RRB- . Thank you for the special offer ! Barby
 Earlier this year , I started experiencing some hand and finger problems including pain and numbness . I was noticing it most near the end of a long day , and while using my mouse.For a long time , I had been using -LRB- and loving -RRB- the Microsoft Wireless Optical Mouse 5000 . I ca n't stand wired mice , and Optical is a must , so this mouse was a good fit for me . But , having 3 screens requires a lot of mouse movement , even with very high mouse speed.When I mentioned my hand pain to Chris -LRB- coworker -RRB- , he suggested switching to a trackball . He had hand problems many years ago , but they had subsided after switching to a trackball . I was n't persuaded yet though . I had tried working at Chris 's computer before , and I could n't stand using the trackball . Using his computer made me feel like I was trying to draw a portrait with my left hand -LRB- I 'm incredibly inept with my left hand -RRB- . I did n't think I 'd be able to adjust to the trackball.About a week later though , Chris was out of the office for the day . I asked if I could borrow his trackball and try it at my station . What a difference ! It turns out that my clumsiness with the trackball before was just because I was sitting at his desk , using his keyboard , from his chair . There were too many factors and overall , I was uncomfortable . At my workstation however , the trackball was very natural . I purchased one that very day ; the same one he had -- a Kensington Optical Expert Trackball Mouse 7.0 with scroll ring.This device is awesome . The scroll ring is very , very nice . The programmable buttons are slick too . I have the upper-left button programmed as a double-click , which saves time and frustration many times . The click-lock is programmed as the combo of the bottom 2 buttons -- and that 's handy when moving windows . I love being able to just flick my fingers and move the cursor across 2 screens , even moving windows this way . I 've gotten to be very precise with the trackball -- more so than I could 've ever gotten with a mouse . Best of all though
 This trackball is simply amazing . The big ball makes it easy to use , it 's sturdy , comfortable and incredibly useful . I am using this on OSX and it installs and works great . I like the fact the thumbwheel can be customized -LRB- what direction you want to be UP , depends on whether you scroll with your thumb or pinky -RRB- . This trackball essentially has 6 buttons -LRB- 4 physical ones and you can assign an action to the bottom two buttons pressed together , as well as the top two pressed together -RRB- . This makes it incredibly useful in OSX by automating Dashboard , Expose and Spaces . Moving through a large number of windows , scrolling -LRB- vertically and horizonally by holding SHIFT -RRB- is a breeze.I find using a trackball more comfortable because I do n't end up moving my entire arm and I always know exactly where it is located relative to the keyboard . The fact that I do n't need to move a mouse -LRB- and that I use a Kinesis keyboard -RRB- allows me to easily switch between the keyboard and mouse without moving my hand more than 6 inches .
 While I 'm not reviewing this exact trackball , I ca n't wait to buy it . I 've had several in the past , and the original trackball pro , is still Rockin ' ! -LRB- I 've just gotten a new iMac , and , put it 's Mighty Mouse on my old iMac , to use the Kensington on the new one . -RRB- You can just gently lay your hand on it -LRB- the ball -RRB- , and , ever so gently move the cursor . The buttons are placed properly . -LRB- If you 've never used a trackball before , it really is the ultimate ! -RRB- The scroll wheel too.I could n't imagine anything better as an input device to beat the mouse ! I use Kensington mice , and trackballs , and , have learned to stay away from their cheap ones , You do get what you pay for . However , I 've found that Kensington absolutely stands by their warranty , and have had to return an orbit once . My new one was in my greasy little palms the next day , and , I was n't even asked to return the old one ... carry on.pete
 I have used top-of-their-line Kensington trackballs with Macintosh computers for more than ten years , first with their versions for the Apple Bus , more recently with USB connections.I find this trackball handy -LRB- particularly on a cluttered desk -RRB- ; it relieves hand strain to a considerable degree . It works well for me even in graphics applications even though I had thought a conventional mouse would be better in Photoshop work , for example . The programmable buttons are easy to set up and work flawlessly.The price is a bit high -LRB- about $ 80 if one shops around -RRB- but the device is well worth the cost ; I use it continually and it should work even on subsequent computers as long as they offer USB connections , so the cost will be amortizable over many years.I have two of these trackballs ; I view them as essential to ease of use of the two Macs on which they are installed.I recommend the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball strongly .
 The big trackball is really nice . It takes some time to get used to it but once you get the hang of it , it 's better than using the mouse.And unlike the normal mouse , you do n't have to move it around so you take up less space.The wheel shaped scroll is also very nice . It 's really clever how they put it around the ball so that you do n't have to change the position of your hand to scroll.The small drawback is the wheel shaped scroll is a little bit flappy and unstable . I wish they made it more tighter.Also the software which come with it does not support Vista so you ca n't use the utilities but I do n't have much problems without it .
 I 've been a web designer for over 12 years , and often spend more than 10-12 hours a day in front of a computer . I was developing -LRB- no surprise -RRB- a painful case of carpo tunnel , when a colleague recommended the Expert Mouse/Trackball . Of course , my profession requires that I be incredibly precise with any device , and I was very skeptical at first . But the wrist conditions pretty much required that I switch from my drawer-full of other mice , including many expensive `` ergonomic '' models from other manufacturers.Well , I am still an avid user some 2 years later . Although I ca n't use the programming buttons with Vista , the pros so far outweigh the cons that I 've been recommending it to anyone within an earshot.I have even better control than with a mouse , and wrist problems almost disappeared . Bottomline
 This is such a great pointing and scrolling device , that I have purchased a second one for my home office . I had been using a traditional PC mouse with scroll wheel and ended up with shoulder pain and tendonitis in my right wrist and hand from extensive mousing and scrolling . The large trackball and scroll ring can be manipulated with different fingers , allowing the user to vary their motion and avoid repetitive motions that create injury and pain . This device ROCKS ! Thank you Kensington !
 I have lot of mice for my computers . This is hands down the best damn mouse i have ever owned . I love it so much . All the positive reviews are right , Breakin period , and the fact that I do n't want to go back to a regular mouse is so true .
 Over the years I have used various Kensington Trackball devices . They all save space and make communicating with my computers faster and easier . No need to re-position the device in the way it becomes necessary to reposition a mouse . The small Kensington trackball/mouse that I use with my laptop and netbook makes working on an airplane drop-down tray quite practical . I am a big fan of their products .
 Amazon says I bot my Trackball in September ' 04 . It gets a lot of use . No problems at all . Every once in a while it gets lint under the ball . I remove the ball and blow out the dirt . That 's it - back to work . I dont use the ring , just the top left button for double click and the left and right bottom buttons for left and right click . Top right button is a spare right click . Never can tell when you might need an extra right click ! HA !
 It 's amazing how many reviews this product got!Years ago I tried their first version -LRB- in office cubicle tan -RRB- while working at the JPL in Pasadena California . Once over the slight acclamation learning curve I was hooked . It never occurred to me that it would need to get `` better '' . Marvell-more , -LRB- marvelous -RRB- it glides like a knife through butter . It 's very intuitive and programmable to add icing on the cake . The scroll ring works great . From my perspective , it feels sort-of like the old 1980 's and 1990 's stereo tuner and volume control knobs with a slight `` klickey '' user feedback . Its cursor speed and use characteristics can be easily programmed through MouseWorks -LRB- Kensington 's software -RRB- . Even everyday dust and cat fur does not slow this thing down.I reluctantly gave it a 4 out of 5 for two reasons :1 st - Because while it is programmable and extremely helpful once programmed , the programming process for direct access to web-links itself is very clunky . If one desires to keep the pop-up window of `` direct access '' web-links in alphabetical order , they need to be entered as such . There is no way to rearrange or drag-n-drop them up or down on the pop-up list in its final configuration . That arrangement necessitates the data list being reentered if -LRB- when -RRB- the user desires to work from their list in alphabetical order.One needs , as a result of this glitch , to keep a separate record of their web-link collection to the `` direct access '' addresses if one ever needs to add a new web-link -LRB- and thus break the order -RRB- .2 nd - Later discovered -LRB- added 03/11 -RRB- because the 4 elliptical anti-slip rubber pads located at the corners have n't prevented its slipping while positioned on my slightly-tilted keyboard/trackball use surface . I suspect that the designer had more of the non-marring property in mind . I have n't liked to constantly readjust its position while using it.Update
 I can not say enough good things about this mouse . I love it so much from using it at the hospital that I ordered one for the home . No carpal tunnel syndrome with this !
 Brilliant product
 I 've been using Kensington trackballs for many years -LRB- over 20 -RRB- , and love them . This is a product that just keeps getting better.I just purchased this through Amazon , and it is smooth as can be right out of the box . I can use slow movement to be precise , or whip the cursor across the screen in a hurry . The scroll wheel works as smoothly as the ball . I could n't be happier with it .
 Product arrived in perfect condition , on time with no complications ! I have been extremely satisfied-no complaints whatsoever .
 I 've used Kensington trackball products for many years . I needed something at work and selected the Kensington Optical USB . I was n't familair with the scrolling ring . Well , now I want to upgrade all my old trackballs , it 's amazingly handy and of course , the Kensington quaility is unmatched . Their tech support , the one time I used it , was super helpful . No , I do n't work for them :--RRB- In my opinion , you ca n't go wrong with a Kensington trackball .
 I 've been using the Kenningston Expert Mouse at work for two years and love the speed and accuracy for websites or other desktop access . I finally purchase one for home use . If you 've always hated track balls , this one will convince you to make the change .
 This is my third Expert Mouse . I LOVE it!The one at my office is about 9 years old and still working well.I bought this one to replace the one for home I lost while moving .
 Do n't know why I waited so long to get this ... the buttons are very easy to click ; the motion is great ; and the palm support help make it the most comfortable mouse I 've used .
 I have been useing this input device for three years . I just bought two more to make sure I have one available to me for years to come . I do a bunch of CAD and photo editing work so this device is a wonderful thing to have . Mice suck and trackpads are great for smoothing off your fingers .
 First off , I 'd like to say that I used the first Kensington Trackball they released many years ago and fell in love with it . I replaced that one with a few more Kensington Trackballs through the years with very good success . I mostly pay bills , surf the web , use spreadsheets and word processing where any input device would work.Then , my kids and their friends -LRB- all 20 + years old -RRB- got me in to a ` first person ' shooting game . My last Kensington Trackball got lost in my last move so I tried making do with a regular mouse . I did well , but figured that maybe I am just getting slow and less coordinated in my old age . Then I realized I did n't have my old trusted trackball . I immediately bought the ` Kensington Expert Mouse Optical Trackball ' and thrashed ALL of my kids and their friends at their own game!I 've still got it , and so does Kensington ! I 'm very happy and feeling young again ! Thanks Kensington for keeping the tried & true on the market .
 I upgraded to the Expert Mouse from a Kensington Orbit w / Scroll Ring . Hardware-wise , this thing is really nice . It 's kinda huge , especially with the included wrist rest attached . Ball is nice & big with good inertia . Right out of the box it was a little rough but after a couple hours of use is already starting to smooth out so I 'm sure will be fine . The scroll ring is n't quite as good as the Orbit . It 's made out of a soft-touch rubber material , but is covered in a ton of tiny ridges so ends up feeling a bit rough to the touch . The Orbit 's scroll ring uses the same rubberized material but has much fewer raised ridges that are spaced farther apart -- it actually feels soft unlike the Expert Mouse . But other than that I really like the Expert Mouse hardware.The Kensington TrackballWorks software DID NOT WORK on my office PC , running Windows 7 Professional x64 SP1 . I installed `` TrackballWorks 1.1 for Windows -LRB- 32-bit ,64 - bit -RRB- -LRB- Windows 7 -RRB- '' from Kensington 's site . I attempted to change button settings with it but the settings , while showing in the program , had no effect . I uninstalled TrackballWorks and instead am using X-Mouse Button Control -LRB- just google it -RRB- that does work for setting button functions . This combined with the built-in Windows mouse control panel for pointer & scrolling speed works well enough.If Kensington got their software working better then this would be a 5-star review . I wasted what would 've been a productive hour of work , fussing around with TrackballWorks before getting settled with X-Mouse Button Control .
 I have used this type of mouse for over 15 years and it is the best for any carpel tunnel issues or elbow pain from usual mouse use . I wo n't use anything else .
 I do n't have to fumble with a mouse to move cursor . The ease of using the ball to move the cursor is great . I recomend it to people without disabilities as well .
 This is a great trackball for newer computers . I have two older versions of it that I still use with my older computers . This is perfect for people with finger , wrist , or other repetitive stress problems . It 's ideal if you have very little room to move a mouse around , because the base just sits there while you move the ball with your fingers . I 've tried a number of other types of trackball , and this is the only one I liked .
 originally purchased a trackman marble but wanted the scroll ring ability so my wife uses the marble and I use the kensington expert . it 's amazing and totally helps alleviate aggravating mouse pains .
 use it all the time and has kept my files safe , as said in the add , and very fast delevery , thankz would order again , use all time
 I have several of these trackballs -LRB- 4 of them -RRB- and have used them for several years . I have found them to be exactly as specified by the Manufacturer and have never had trouble with them . Their ease of use is wonderful and they allow for proper control of the cursor at all times . One thing that I never found mentioned by the people that sell the trackball is that there is a ring around the ball that allows one to move the window slider up and down on the window you are in making it very easy to slide the window info on the screen as you wish during viewing . Jut place you thumb on the ring that is around the ball and move as you view . The set up for this track ball is seamless with windows 7 as well as XP and Vista . I recommend them highly .
 This amazing device has increased my mousing speed and really helped my aching wrists -LRB- carpal tunnel -RRB- . I 've used it so much that I have to take it apart to clean it every several weeks to keep the scrolly wheel working , which is the only downside . You have to remove the rubber feet , remove four screws , remove faceplate , remove trackball , remove two screws , remove trackball housing , and clean two optical sensors and the LED lens carefully with a lens cloth . Takes five minutes . Now I do n't bother putting the screws back in because it works fine without them -LRB- as long as you do n't pick it up and turn it upside down without the screws in . -RRB- It would be perfect if it was somehow sealed so my skin particles and dust do n't get into the lens and optical sensors .
 I am on my second one , and now have bought one for my parents who love it . Everything should be so perfectly designed . It 's like my Fujitsu ScanSnap 1500 , I do n't remember life before having it .
 This trackball is so easy to use !! Doesnt make my elbow hurt like a mouse does !! I will never go back to a mouse
 The Kensington Trackball is very easy to install and use . It is great for hands that cramp or get tired trying to hold and use a traditional mouse.The large ball makes it easy to manipulate the cursor and hold it there if your hands shake or get tired easy .
 This trackballKensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325works incredibly well with Vista . There are no problems at all . With Vista , it works just as good as with Mac OS X . The ONLY thing different is that you do NOT install the Mouseworks Software that comes with the trackball on Microsoft Vista systems . Vista already provides all the functionality and support . Even Kensington 's website lists very clearly that
 I am a quadriplegic and find the use of trackball with ease . However , I prefer the tracball without the turboring better .
 I like this product . It has a big track ball and six programmable options from four buttons . I knocked off one star because the scroll wheel is easy to use once you get used to it , but makes this grinding noise -LRB- which is normal as I have tried two of them -RRB- . The wheel could operate better if designed better , so I do n't think they should call that feature `` award winning '' .
 Have had carpel tunnel surgery ; Mouse is awsome for prevention of recurrance and has eliminated the shoulder pain I was experiencing with regular mouse .
 I 've been using a Kensington trackball -LRB- not optical -RRB- for years because it is much more comfortable for my wrist than a mouse . Finally it gave out . This new optical one is excellent.The only caution is
 Having used a Microspeed MacTrack on my ancient Macintosh a few years back , I 've been struggling with mice ever since upgrading to newer machines . The Kensington Expert is n't bad , but I liked the ergononics of my old trackball better , to be honest . Alas , the world of computing moves on -- but fortunately Kensington has survived , at least . Even though it has some problems , this trackball may be the best available -- and , it works both with my Mac G4 and my Windoze XP laptop.So far , I like it well enough . However , the instructions ironically describe proper wrist positioning that is very difficult to achieve with the product as designed . To keep your wrist and forearm in alignment , even using the supplied wrist support , requires that you sit with your desk/keyboard tray at about chest height . The ergonomics are actually better if the thing is turned around backwards -LRB- unfortunately , it ca n't be used that way -RRB- . By stacking a second wrist support on top of the one supplied , I think I can avoid carpal tunnel syndrome.Overall a good product that could be a lot better with some ergonomic redesign !
 I have both the Expert & the expert pro and have found them to be fabulous ! I bought the Expert because of a project that benefited from having the programmable buttons so I could run the entire show from the mouse!The Pro was my step up because I 'm a gadget freak , but I 've returned to just the expert based solely on the ring scrolling . the Pro may have all the additional buttons , but it has the typical scroll wheel and I 've grown to love the ring on the Expert that that was a deal breaker . the Pro now , as big as it is , has become my travel mouse.The best of both worlds would be if the Pro had a ring scroll wheel and was white to go with my mac ! Kensington please be listening ...
 This large track-ball mouse is the only way to go for me . Kennsington has made some good updates to the design that make it easier to power browse without straining my tendons . I highly recommend this product for anyone who has pain while using a standard mouse , or one of those other , smaller track-balls units . This is well-worth the money . My previous Expert Mouse lasted me 4 years and only died because my daughter spills a glass of water on it .
 I was very pleased with the rapid delivery of the product . I am also very happy with the performance of this product . This trackball repalced an IntelliMouse Trackball . This product is of better quality and more comfotable to use .
 This expert trackball is the first kensington I 've ever had , I have to say that is the best trackball , very confortable with the wrist support and amazing with the big ball under your finger ... always under control.I reccomend to anyone loves trackball
 I love this trackball . The large ball makes movement smooth and effortless . Once you program the four buttons and the movement rates -LRB- very easy to do -RRB- you will never go back to a regular mouse . The one drawback to this trackball is the slow response with the scroll ring . You have to move it several times to go from top to bottom of a page . It is rather jerky compared to Apple 's Mighty Mouse . It will scroll only vertically . If Kensington can come out with a single button horizontal/vertical scroll on this trackball they will have the perfect mouse .
 The Kensingtom Expert Mouse makes me efficient and expert on our Mac . I would not be without it ! We travel with an extra for our laptop .
 This is the second Kensington Trackball I 've bought . The first was a PC only version years ago . The new Trackball is even better . It gluides silky smooth , has a wrist rest which is very comfortable , and has a page scroll ring around the track ball for easy verticle page moves . Once your through the short learning curve of useing a trackball opposed to a convetnional mouse you will wonder why you ever chased that little tailed devel around your desk .
 Since using this product , I no longer have carpal tunnel syndrome , I do n't have to fight the mousepad and mouse to get the pointer in the right place , and my computer experience is ever so much nicer ! I will never go back to a conventional mouse . As a matter of fact , my husband is so sold after trying mine , his entire office computers all have the Kensington Expert Trackballs installed . He will have no other product , either . We have tried the mini trackballs and other products and always keep coming back to the Kensington .
 I purchased this mouse to replace a Microsoft Optical trackball . The Microsoft product relied on the thumb to move the mouse . This design is now suspected as a cause for hand fatigue or worse . The Kensington Expert Mouse has a large , center mounted ball . Instead of relying on one finger , the Expert Mouse can use multiple fingers -LRB- 1 , 2 , 3 -RRB- of the operating hand . I have found myself favoring my first and second fingers , but use the 3rd if I need precise control . It can also be used right - or left-handed . The four configurable buttons come in handy . The scroll ring around the mouse ball took a bit of getting used to , but it is also useful . Just be careful not to press one of the mouse buttons when in the process of using the scroll ring . The optical system is easily cleaned and appears to be quite accurate .
 I am so happy with this trackball ! It is smooth , responsive , very accurate and feels so good in the hand . I had been hesitant to order this trackball because I currently have the Kensington Exprert Pro with the six internet buttons . That one is relatively new , and I had paid over $ 100 for it . It was hard for me to shell out more $ $ for this latest version . But , the scroll ring seemed to me more user friendly than the six-button Kensington Pro.I was right ! The scroll ring is ultimately more user friendly than the six-button Kensington Pro ; and the smaller footprint of the Kensington 7 Optical trackball fits my hand more comfortably.I love this new trackball ! It is very much worth the money . For those of you who are wondering if you want to pay to upgrade , I would tell you that I am very happy that I did . Good luck with your decision!Sincerely , Larry G.from Eugene , Oregon
 I toyed around with different trackballs after my wrist began to hurt from a mouse . The microsoft versions , with there quarter inch ball just hurt me more . I tried to buy the legendary Trackman Marble FX , but I could only find a used version that dissapointed me . I bought this as a last resort , and oh my god it is amazing . The ball is huge , great if you have big hands -LRB- i 'm 6 ' 4 -RRB- . The ring is great for scrolling , and the 4 giant buttons are great as well.pick this up !
 The large trackball combined with the optical movement reading mechanism is a winner . Cleaning is still recommended , but is not required as often . This trackball has four black buttons and a ring surrounding the edge of the ball that allows for page scrolling . The overall colour tone is black with silver trim , and a red light that shines past the button edges . Between this larger trackball , Kensington # 64325 , and the smaller Kensington # 64327 , I think the larger ball with firmer control , additional buttons , scrolling ring , and wrist rest is worth the higher price .
 Just another geek praising this mouse ... As far as trackballs go , it 's a good price . The ball has a great surface and an acceptable weight . The configuration program that comes with it is just what I needed . All 4 buttons are programmable to GREAT EXTENT . No hardware conflicts . Easy to clean . The ball is also surprisingly scratch resistant . The scroll ring is simply brilliant , unquestionably the best implementation of this function.The wrist rest could be bigger , but I 'm fine not using it at all . It is a trackball , so if you 're not used to them , there will be an adjustment period . I found that the ball work better once it had hand oils on it . The scroll ring -LRB- though amazing -RRB- sounds like turning an empty soda can on a concrete floor ... -LRB- okay , it 's not THAT bad -RRB- . Buy it , and say good bye to arm strain , inefficient design , and your productivity on the internet .
 I was hesitant to buy this version of Kensington 's great trackball after reading some of the negative reviews . I 've had versions 4 , 5 and 6 in the past . I loved 4 and 5 , and although 6 still had the great movement , I thought the `` internet buttons '' were a waste , the scroll wheel was too far out of reach to be useful , and the whole thing was too bulky.This version 7 is a return to form . After less than 15 minutes of use , the movement became exactly as fluid as the older steel bearings , and it 's actually quieter . I love the `` scroll ring '' ... I actually use this whereas I never could get myself in the habit of reaching for the older scroll wheel on version 6 . I 've had it now for a few weeks and am glad I replaced my old 6 . The only thing keeping it from getting 5 stars is that the scroll ring 's motion could be improved , as others have noted . It works VERY well , but it does have a cheapish `` scraping '' feel to it . That does n't stop me from enjoying the use of the ring , though . I 'm now constantly attempting to use the missing ring on my version 5 at work !
 I had the white Trackball for my Mac 15 years ago and always liked it . Because of work and other things I 'm now a Windows guy , whatever . But I did have concerns after reading that people ca n't get this mouse to work on Windows 7 64 bit . Nonetheless , I went for it , got this new Expert Mouse for my PC and the old days are back , couldn ; t be happier . I searched `` kensington mouse expert drivers 64 '' on Bing , first site that returned was Kensington 's . If I put the link here Amazon will wipe it . So I downloaded the drivers and INSTALLED THEM FIRST BEFORE PLUGGING IN THE MOUSE , very important step . Hooked up the mouse , and away we go.The mouse base is built cheaper these days , but it all works well as I had hoped . In fact , it now features a scrolling ring around the ball , very neat ! I have big hands and wrists so the wrist angle does n't bother me . BUT , this thing comes with a padded wrist pad that you attach to the base , so I 'm not sure why people griped about that , did they not look in the box ? Anyway , great having my trackball back . It takes a little getting used to , but no more pain in my forearm and elbow from a conventional mouse ! Yay me , lol .
 I support roughly 45 computer users , primarily Mac and laptop . These people work long hours , and do a lot of graphical data presentation and modeling -LRB- they are scientists -RRB- . They do not pay attention to ergonomics until they hurt , and I have to go around with a figurative 2x4 forcing them to change habits . The Kensington trackball is one of the 5 items I recommend first -LRB- the others are GOOD chair , large -LRB- 24 '' + -RRB- display at right height , external keyboard , and gel wrist pad -RRB- . It takes users about 3-4 days to get used it -- some protest vigorously , but if I can get them past those 3-4 days , it usually resolves their mouse-related ergo issues . The large fat ball is much healthier for the kinds of scrolling across the screen that graphics programs require . The 4 click buttons provide great flexibility , and it 's user-friendly for the mac people to program them . It 's a great group solution , as well , because both left and right hand users can use the same mouse , so I can reassign these . Since we started using these -LRB- about 4 years ago -RRB- , we have not had a single failure of any sort.My only negative is that I wish Kensington would revamp the appearance . For some of my users , they were tremendously off-put by the -LRB- now that I think of it -RRB- old-fashioned body , and its nerdy -LRB- vs elegant -RRB- appearance . I realize that it 's an old workhorse in the Kensington stable , but I do think a little bit of redesign of the case could help me persuade more of my users to use it . I 've had one user who is supersensitive to esthetics , and she refuses to even put it on her desk -LRB- sigh -RRB- . But overall it 's the best mouse , ergo and functionally , that I 've found on the market over 15 years.Expert Mouse Programmable Trackball
 Ever since my first Mac in 1986 -LRB- 512 with dual floppies -RRB- I 've been using the TurboMouse , upgrading it as I upgraded my machine . I 'm up to the lastest model -LRB- with both a G4DP and G5DP -RRB- and all I can say is
 I have used the old version of Kensington Expert Mouse with 4 buttons for almost 6 years . I started looking for a replacement because I need usb connection , not because it is broken . Before I purchased it , I have read some bad reviews about its lack of slick feel that is coming from steel bearings since they are now replaced by three little plastic balls . I was debating between Expert Mouse Pro -LRB- which still has the original stainless steel bearings -RRB- and this one . I took a chance on this because I really like the scrolling ring.I can tell you that , I did n't like it at first . It was not smooth at all compared to my old reliable Export Mouse . It was hard to move around , it either moves too much if I use too much force or gets stuck . I almost returned it . But as time goes by , after about two , three months later , it becomes very smooth . Though it ca n't be slick like the expert mouse that uses metal bearings -LRB- I am talking about the feeling when you spin the ball hard , and it just keeps on turning -RRB- , its smoothness is decent and adequate.It does requires some breakin . Give it time , you will enjoy it . The pad is hard compared with the others I have used , but it does stay on all the time , unlike other reviews said . I hope it is as durable as the old one .
 I ordered the Kensington Expert Mouse because a friend of mine used it and loved it . I have to whole heartedly agree . I was having problems with my right hand and thumb going numb . I did n't equate that with using my mouse on my computer all day long . I ordered the Kensington and by the next week the pain had dimished considerably . I would never go back to a traditional curved mouse . I love this product !!
 I 've seen a few negative reviews saying the software is either incompatible , or wo n't work with the Apple Mac OS Intel machines . I had the older design Kensington Mouse and heard the same things relative to Apple Computers when I bought it . Plugged it in and right out of the box , it worked beautifully . Recently I upgraded to a new MAC Intel machine , and decided to upgrade my Trackball as well . Well , once again , right out of the box no problem . I did n't have to do anything except plug it in . No downloads , no software updates , nothing . Plug and play . All of the buttons work fine and the MAC allows me to reprogram them through the preferences with no hassle . I really do n't know what the fuss is about regarding the scroll ring either . Is it as `` smooth as silk ? '' No , but I suspect the little bit of resistance in there is deliberate to allow more control , but that 's just me . Overall , it 's a great value , works as advertised , with no hassles . Everything works fine , and no hoops to jump through , install , or download . Go for it.Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325
 I used to use these many years ago when I was a Macintosh repairman . Now that I usually do servers and system administration I had not used one in a long time . I ordered this for my PC at home for gaming after I remembered the precision it supplies in gaming . I was not disappointed . I love this mouse . Smooth and precise , and no rolling around on the table , no mouse pad , etc. . You move your fingers a bit , and it 's off and running.Watch out when I 'm on your Call of Duty server people . This weapon is deadly .
 i am a graphic designer and depending on the mouse i either have pain in my wrist or my pointer finger . So my fix is an array of options , the wowpen , the evoluent , the wacam tablet , and now the kensington trackball . I generally use one for a week then switch off , and the kensington has been a valuable addition to the suite , especially because i can even switch off and use it with my left hand . It works perfectly with my mac , and it 's easy to use and well built . I 'm just waiting until we can use ESP .
 I rarely write reviews , but after cleaning my trackball , I realized how integral this amazing piece of technology is in my daily work life . I started using the old original 4 button white trackball when I worked for Kensington in San Mateo -LRB- 13 years ago -RRB- . It took a few days to get used to it , but once I did , I knew I could never go back to a mouse . Very comfortable , versatile and durable . Coupled with a Microsoft Natural keyboard , I can work at my computer all day and have very little fatigue -LRB- including a break every 40 minutes -RRB- .
 I purchased this to use with a new 2009 Apple IMAC 24 . The apple mouse is more than adequate however , having used kensington trackballs with my previous PC 's . , I prefer that style and touch . I also used trackball functions in my workplace . This product works very well and mated easily with the IMAC via USB . The scroll ring at the ball base was new to me but I have adapted easily . This is a very fine product and I highly recommend it to anyone who prefers trackball type mice or wishes to change to that method .
 This is my 3rd Kensington trackball in 20 years , and the Expert Mouse is the best of the bunch . I was surprised they improved it over my last one , but the optical technology , scroll ring and ultra smooth ball push it over the top . After reading a few reviews stating the ball was `` stiff '' I almost did n't buy it . However when I plugged in the little rodent I found the ball rolled easily and silky smooth . It took a few minutes of practice but it 's much better than the prior mechanical Expert Mouse . Tracing complicated masks in PS are no problem!I use the Expert Mouse with a gel wrist rest and find the angle comfy and the ball and buttons fall naturally under my left hand fingers . The ergonomics are kickin ' and I can use it all day.My only minor beef is the driver software . The `` Mouseworks '' software was version 2.0 , copyright 2002 ! Sheesh , talk about old stock . Of course it would n't even install in my MacPro and is incompatible with Intel processors ! Luckily I found Mouseworks 3.0 , circa 2006 , on Kensington 's website and it worked like a charm .
 This is the best of its kind , mainly because it has a large ball that can accomodate small movements along with software to customize the movements . For those that like this type it is great to always have the mouse control at the same place on the desk and it does not need any manuevering room .
 This trackball is one of the best I ever used . The smaller trackball type are not as accurate as this huge one . I always feel like I 'm going to play missile command with this thing.I use the Trackman at work and the Orbit back then , they collect dirt easier and make it hard to maneuver and get precise when the inside of the device gets dirty . What I found , the Expert mouse does n't collect as much dirt as the others , and if it does , it does n't affect the smoothness of the roll . I guess because the ball is larger and does n't rotate as much the smaller ones . Or the trackball is heavier . I dunno.I prefer the trackball mouse cause it makes me move less of my arm unlike the conventional mouse . I have RSI and after using any type of trackball , it makes me have no pain in my wrist or arm . I like the Expert Mouse cause it helps me maneuver my cursor where ever I want with less effort.I would encourage you to try it out if you have any wrist or arm problems . But first , you should really look and see if you have bad posture/ergonomic problems . Then change your bad habits and try a trackball can help you .
 Despite the reviews of others who say `` this does n't work with Vista , '' that is not the case . I have two of these devices , one attached to a Windows XP desktop and the other attached to a Vista desktop . The trackball provides excellent control , and I use it to navigate easily across 3 monitors on one of my PCs . All the buttons are programmable , but the device works great right out of the box too ; just plug and play . Sensitivity to certain motions can be programmed as well . As for ergonomics , this trackball comes with a wrist pad which elevates your wrist slightly , making you less prone to hand strain that comes with other such devices . I ca n't speak for gaming play , but for the everyday stuff that most people use a mouse/trackball for , I recommend this mouse .
 My opinion . This is the best trackball ever invented . I have used computers for 30 years and a mouse since they first came into production . I have used an Expert Mouse since Kensington developed it with laptops , desktops , and dual screens and never experienced the slightest bit of carpal tunnel syndrome in my wrists in all this time . I highly recommend this unit . I was diagnosed with rheumatoid arthritis and this device allows me to work without issue . There are other clever designs in mice out there but none will perform better in my opinion than this unit .
 Pros : Ball rolls very smoothRing slides easy , not as clicky as a normal mouseButtons are very responsiveLooks good4 buttonsLarge ballVery easy to cleanPretty small -LRB- without wrist rest -RRB- Cons : Wrist rest is a little hardIn-between : It 's pretty large with the wrist rest attached , but it also makes for easier use , so I could n't call that a con.The only complaint I had was a 4-star in comfort . The wrist rest is a little stiff , but it does n't cause any discomfort , which is why I still rated comfort a 4 and not a 1 or 2 .
 I like it much better than a conventional mouse . Less desk top space is required since it has a fixed position .
 Trackball users will appreciate the smooth , flowing motion this Kensington Expert Optical Trackball provides . I like the precision with which it positions the cursor regardless if you 're using standard software such as Word or Excel or something requiring more complex positioning such as AutoCAD . The optional wrist rest is a `` must have '' as it provides just the right support .
 This is really the best input device out there , for so many reasons . Believe the hype.There is one unavoidable flaw , however ; the scroll wheel WILL stop working eventually . I 've now had my third one fail in as many years . Fortunately , Kensington has replaced it each time . My fourth Expert Mouse is in the mail now . Kudos to Kensington for honoring their warranty so faithfully , but I have to wonder why they do n't fix the underlying problem.Anyway , this is a great product which has taken me well off the path to carpal tunnel syndrome . I recommend switching hands regularly . I 've written an AutoIt script -LRB- surprisingly easy to do -RRB- which quickly toggles the buttons between right and left handed configurations , and assigned the top two buttons -LRB- clicked together -RRB- to launch the script . This way , I can switch hands and have the buttons mirrored with a single click . Becoming ambidextrous with the Expert Mouse should n't take too long to master and is well worth the effort .
 This trackball mouse is fantastic , but I say so with one reservation . Do NOT download and install the Kinsington driver if you are using Windows 7 Professional . The Kinsington driver renders the device almost unusable on this OS , and all input commands are random and confused . But , it 's not too big of an issue , as the built in mouse driver for Windows 7 works just fine . You wo n't have the extra 2 button 's functionality without the Kinsington driver , but I do n't miss them . Furthermore , on my network , it required administrator 's priviledges to complete an uninstall of the flawed driver . But , once the mouse is up and running , it is smooth , precise , comfortable , attractive , and the scroll wheel is quite a design breakthrough .
 I have been using Kensington track ball mice for 20yrs and continue to enjoy them . Good very durable and reliable .
 I have been using this mouse for about a month now and I am very happy with its performance . The programability of the buttons coupled with the scrolling feature make this trackball one of the best I have tried.I do have to agree with a previous review , the wrist pad does not adequately support the hand in a position that would make using this mouse more smooth , however , after using it for a week , it seems to be un-noticable as I get used to using it.Overall I am very happy with this purchase , but I hope the manufacturer , changes the angle of this mouse in the future to be downward sloping away from the wrist instead of an upward slope . If that happens , I will be first in line to get the new version .
 I was having a lot of problems with pain in my elbow and wrist . Using the mouse for hours everyday with an intensively click happy program was causing the problem , so I went looking for a good alternative . I 'm left handed , so that narrows the options considerably . I chose the Kensington Expert mouse and it is fantastic . The pain issues went away and it is easy to use . I would recommend it to anybody who wants a trackball . It is worth the price . I own two . One at home and one at the office .
 Works very well with my Mac G5 and my MacBook Pro.I am very pleased !
 Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball is one the best input devices that will buy . I have owned two trackball devices three different mice and a Wacom Tablet and out of all the devices I found to be ideal for me is this trackball . In the past Trackballs were a high maintenance devices , because you had to clean them all the time . The tiny little rollers on the inside of the device always got dirty with you skin oils , dust and dirt which rendered the device to not work well . This optical trackball is the bomb . I use it all the time and it remains to be maintenance free to some degree , after a month I had to blow it with compressed air only once -LRB- that was today -RRB- . Note
 A couple years ago , I bought the Wireless version of this , but it had trouble working . I left Kensington , and used other mice . I had a need for a trackball once again -LRB- to use on the arm of my easy chair -RRB- and this fits perfectly -LRB- wired -RRB- . Would buy again .
 I have been a trackball user for more than 10 years , ever since screwing up my wrist from excessive mouse-use through competitive gaming -LRB- FPS games -RRB- ... And moved to trackballs ever since . There are two things that makes Kensington 's trackballs the best in the world , firstly the hardware which has gone through many generations of fine tuning to bring that to the latest updated Expert Mouse Pro , and the other thing is , Mouseware.Though there are still a couple of bugs with Mac OS X drivers , but when it works -LRB- laughs , Kensington , are you hearing ? -RRB- , Mouseware outperforms almost all software drivers for trackballs out there . You can customise the trackball to respond EXACTLY to your style of using -LRB- low speed for super high precision -RRB- and high speed for zooming across huge displays which you really need today as larger LCD displays becomes more and more affordable.The last great thing about Mouseware is CHORDING where multiple button presses triggers additional customised functions based on how you set it up.I do n't think I will move to another brand of trackball as long as Kensington continues what they have done for this line of products . Highly recommended . Always .
 I have used a Kensington Expert Trackball mouse for 11 years now and this one is the best one yet . I decided to upgrade even though my 11-year old Kensington Trackball still works ! I really wanted a trackball with a scroll function even though I could program the buttons for page down/up . The scroll wheel is awesome and becomes intuitive after a short time of use . It will take some users longer to get used to the trackball if they do n't normally use one . My boss used my mouse on my pc and could not stand it -LRB- which is why I have a regular mouse attached to the pc as well since I am the only one who uses the trackball on a community pc -RRB- . The optical tracking is excellent though it is not as precise as some of the gaming mice -LRB- some have up to 4800 dpi -RRB- . However , I do n't need precision microdot pointing for what I do at work . The trackball is very fluid and there is very little drag or friction . You can adjust the pointer speed to suit your tastes.If there is one thing I wish Kensington had not changed is the size of the trackball . The original Expert mouse ball was larger and thus I was able to customize my Expert Mouse by exchanging it with a billiard ball -LRB- the 9-ball actually -RRB- . Overall , this is definitely the best Kensington Trackball that I have used . While the price is pretty steep , it is definitely worth every penny if you have ever used the Kensington Expert Mouse . My only concern is how long the optical portion of the mouse will last . So far none of my optical mice have had any issues and the oldest one is at least 5 years-old -LRB- I work in the IT-PC/Server field -RRB- .
 I bought this for a relative with Parkinson 's who found a mouse frustrating . He was apprehensive at his age to try new technology , but in a couple of days he is a fan . The wrist pad is a plus , the fact that he does n't have to move it over a surface is an advantage with his movement disorder and he is more precise with it . Makes his computing experience easier , more comfortable and enjoyable.As for Amazon , I tried to buy this from other companies but from Canada had to use a US credit card . No problem at Amazon , though , and saved 20 percent over other sites . Thanks
 This is my third Kensington trackball and the first of this design . I 've tried a number of different pointing devices , and Kensington is still the best of the bunch for my purposes -LRB- and for my problematic and sometimes aching hands -RRB- . The trackball part works beautifully and I love the fact that I no longer have to clean the little rollers . I nicked one star for the scroll ring . It 's a nice physical design , but applications respond to it erratically at best , to the point that I 've mostly stopped using it . Hopefully , it 's just a driver issue and the scroll ring will eventually work as well as the ball .
 I work on the computer 8 to 10 hours a day . Years ago I switched to the Kensington Turbo Mouse when I developed carpal tunnel syndrome . My symptoms cleared up over the course of a month using the trackball . It 's been many years now - and no still carpal tunnel pain ! Unfortunately , when I upgraded to Lion my trusty old Turbo Mouse was not supported so I had to find a replacement . This Expert Mouse was a bit tight at first , but after about a half hour it was rolling freely . The wrist support is also a great addition . Jury is still out on the scroll wheel , but two thumbs up thus far .
 I bought a new Mac last May , and with it I got the Magic Mouse . I was willing to give the Magic Mouse a good try , but decided after approximately three months that I needed to go back to a track ball . This was after downloading several Magic Mouse programs , all of which were supposed to make the Mouse easier to use , had more gestures , etc. . I tried them all , but still had issues with the Magic Mouse.I have limited space on my desk top to use any mouse , wireless or not . And a track ball serves my needs a lot better . Also the battery life on Apple 's Magic Mouse required changing the batteries about once a month . I found this to be tedious -- another reason to upgrade to the track ball.I had a Kensington track ball on my G4 computer , but the old track ball was n't compatible with my new iMac . The new track ball does n't have the four buttons on the top of the track ball , and I would like them back . The previous model had an easy-to-use scroll wheel on the top of the ball . The new model does n't . Instead Kensington decided to place a plastic wheel around the trackball which scrolls the page that your on . I find this wheel better than the old one , but I also find it to be `` flimsy '' and not the quality of the rest of the track ball . Not being an plastics or mechanical engineer , I have no recommendation as far as an improvement is concerned . But I do think that Kensington can made an improvement in this ring . Possible a ring made out of Teflon would work.The tactile feeling of all four buttons is excellent as is the software . I have all four buttons programmed both individually and collectively -LRB- top two/bottom two buttons -RRB- . I had a wrist pad on the old track ball , and am using the wrist pad on the new one too . It serves to position my hand/wrist in the proper place to handle the various moves of the track ball.The interface to the Mac was simple and easy to implement . I plugged in the track ball to the Mac 's keyboard , installed the software , and that was it . Up and running in no time . And most important , I have taken the batteries out of the Magic Mouse and stored the MM on the bookshelf.Since I have not had the need to clean the track ball , I have not rated `` cleaning '' as part of the evaluation . And therefore I ca n't comment on the ease of cleaning the track ball.I did look at other track ball options , but decided that since Kensington was the product line that I was familiar with , that I would go with them again . I do n't regret that decision at all . Good product for the money.PS-Today I spilled my morning OJ right into the trackball . I figured that the ball was no longer under either Amazon 's warranty nor Kensington 's . So I proceeded to take the ball apart to clean the OJ our of the ball . In the process I damaged the wrist pad . So I wrote to Kensington in order to get info on a replacement . Here 's their response : ----------- Dear Richard : Thank you for contacting Kensington Technical Support.We apologize for the inconvenience caused . We regret to inform you that Kensington does not manufacture the wrist rests separately and they are not available for sales or replacement as they are part of the Complete unit.In short get lost they are saying , we have logged the sale in and you 're history . And here is my response : I know that you guys think that I enjoy trading correspondence with you . But the fact is that I am not having fun doing so . SO SINCE KENSINGTON DOES N'T MANUFACTURE THE WRIST PAD FOR THE EXPERT TRACKBALL , WHERE THE HELL CAN I OBTAIN ONE AS A REPLACEMENT ??? If this is what you consider Customer Service , rest assured that I do n't . -------- It seems that Kensington 's apology is to say the least feeble . If a company ca n't or in this case wo n't support their products after the sale , then what good is it?Some might say , `` Not having a wrist pad is no big deal '' . And everyone is entitled to their opinions . But I agree with Kensington
 The scroll ring is phinominal all trackballs should have this . The four buttons ad so much utility to this unit they will be impossible to live with out .
 Would n't be without it . Outstanding product for graphics , photoshop , etc. . This was a replacement for one that lasted 10 years .
 I have used Kensington for decades and they just scream , &#34; quality &#34; . Even the early ones . I tried using the Microsoft models but they just do n't feel or perform as well . I 'm using this track ball on my computer and my wife has the older model . I just got her a new computer that requires a USB mouse . I went straight for the same Kensington TB I 've been using because it is the best . When she opened it for Christmas , I saw a big smile . She knew exactly what it is , and is so happy to get away from skiating the temporary mouse around her desktop . I will never go back to wired or wireless mice . This TB beats them all .
 I sit in the recording studio all day editing and recording . This mouse really works great , allows you to use less desk space and keeps you hand and arm from getting tired . Highly recommended .
 Replaced a logitech cordless optical mouse that I used for years !! I absolutely loved my logitech and only bought this because I could n't find the logitech anywhere . I could n't believe it , but this mouse is even better ! The huge trackball is easy to control and allows fingertip usage as opposed to thumb control like many on the market . Also , the 4 programmable buttons work great . I use mine for various scroll features and show desktop but there are lots of options.The only negatives I can think of are the scroll ring is marginal and feels gritty . Also , the Kensington Trackworks software does not automatically start with my MacBook Pro and I have to open it manually the first time after rebooting . Great mouse overall !! Highly recommended .
 I 've used it for many years and just bought another one for my snowbird home . The ball is smooth and fast . The scroll ring -- as everyone says -- is rough and noisy but it works ; I do n't know why Kensington has never fixed it . As my arthritis gets worse , this is the only way I want to control the cursor . I 've used it with both PC and Mac with equal success . If you 've never used a trackball , try this one before you reject the idea of a substitute for a mouse .
 I am very satisfied with Trackball 's made by Kensington , specifically this `` Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325 '' model . I will purchase this same model again if Kensington continues to manufacture it - when this one wears out . Because there are no mechanical parts in the design of the ball and sensor like a roller-wheel trackball , I expect this mouse to last a long time.Prior to this purchase , I had a programmable roller-wheel trackball made by Kensington that cost approximately $ 200.00 and worked as advertised for many years past its expected lifetime . When the roller-wheel bearings finally wore out , rather than purchase another identical trackball at that price , I spotted this mouse , purchased it for almost 1/3 the price of my old mouse , and have been extremely satisfied.The only drawback is the same problem with any mouse of any design ; occasionally a hair or piece of lint gets between the ball and sensor , but a blast of air in the can easily fixes that ` universal ' issue.Lastly , I want to mention that I would classify myself as a heavy computer user because I am on the computer daily for many hours at a time.After these many months , Amazon emailed me to ask if I was happy with my purchase and if I would write a review.To sum it up , I have no regrets , and I recommend you buy it.Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325
 I love my Kensington . On my old trackballs I use to get cat hair in them and they would n't work . All I have to do with this one is lift the ball out and wipe any dirt or cat hair away . Love the wrist rest but I had to glue it to the mouse so it would stay in place . Definitely would recommend .
 This is a great trackbal and its greatness comes with the size of this trackball . I use it next to my graphics tablet and it really provides itself as a great extension to my toolbox . Kensington makes great mouse and trackballs . Also they have great support service . This mouse comes with 5 year warranty . There are not many trackball manufacturers left around and I appreciate that Kensington sticks to these devices as one of their product line.Aside from my positive rants , I have couple complaints as well . - I feel like this mouse collects dust under the ball way too frequently . I am not sure if it can be avoided by better design - The ball can have much smoother motion . I need to rub it against my forehead way too many times during the day -LRB- try this trick , it works -RRB- - The precision of the wheel can be improved . The driver got better and better but not there yet .
 I like this one ; it 's very comfortable -LRB- a little weird at first , but you get used to it -RRB- 4 buttons make navigation very easy , and the scroll wheel is convenient.My only complaint would be that the ring finger tends to naturally rest on the bottom right button -LRB- which is &#34; back &#34; on most web browsers -RRB- so sometimes I accidentally go back a page .
 I 'm a coder , and I spend about 18 hours a day with this trackball for the last 3 years.I love it so much I drag it around with me wherever I go -LRB- in my backpack , from home to work and back almost every day , even on vacation -RRB- . My wrist wore a hole in the wrist pad 6 months ago , and I wrapped the pad in gaffer tape.I use Windows 7 x64 and Mac OS X Lion , and I have used it back when I was using XP Pro and a few versions of Mac OS.I prefer not to install extra software , so I just us it without the bundled software.The wheel did feel tight/sticky out of the box , as it does after every cleaning . After a few minutes of use it becomes very smooth .
 This is a well made trackball with a scroll wheel and four buttons.For some reason , most trackballs lack either the scroll or all the buttons . To be honest , I prefer a mouse with five buttons.Anyhow , this mouse is very precise and satisfying to use . The wrist rest is great . The buttons are huge and easy to use.The trackball alone is a five star product.The support on the website is not so awesome . In the box is a slip of paper informing me about the trackball 's software -LRB- not included on CD -RRB- , which I can get if I go to a listed website . The slip tells me to type in k64325us -LRB- why not just `` Expert Mouse ? -RRB- , but at this website , that number comes up with `` no product found '' . Experimenting , I find that k64325 works , but the website only offers a download link for the Mac version of the software -LRB- the slip of paper had mentioned a Windows version as well -RRB- . Even typing in `` trackballworks '' , the name of the software I 'm supposed to find at this website , leads to ` no product found ' . I did eventually find the software , thanks to Google . It works well , but requires a reboot upon installation . To save you the headache , I 'll link it in the comment section to this review -LRB- you ca n't put a URL in a review itself -RRB- .
 I 've purchased 2 of these mice over the years and the second one always had problems -LRB- would n't always be recognized by the system and would lock up computers -RRB- . Because they are at the upper end price wise on mice I decided to get the second one replaced . I explained the issues to Kensington support and they replaced the mouse in its final year of warranty support -LRB- 5 years -RRB- . I know a lot of people do n't really consider a warranty on something like a mouse but this saved me $ 70 + . Way to go Kensington.Now about the mouse . This is a nice large mouse great for use left handed by right handed people . I am a programmer and mousing on all day has left me with some RSI in my right hand . So now at work and home I only use this mouse left handed and over the years I 've become sufficiently dexterous with my left hand as to not slow down my work at all . I only use a regular laser mouse with my right hand for gaming . Good company and good product .
 Great to use , this is my third one in twenty years - they are all still working like the day they were new . I 'm so used to using a trackball that I have to retrain myself when I encounter one of those little mice . The best thing is that the cursor does n't move when you let go of the ball - mice tend to creep a bit when you nudge the left and right ears -LRB- buttons -RRB- . With a trackball , everything stays-put . I call them a ` dead rat ' 'cause they are like a giant mouse that has gone belly-up . Great tool for all applications , especially CAD . I do n't leave home without it - really - I put in my bag with my laptop and go . No trouble with TSA , they just smile .
 We bought this one to replace the last one we bought oh , say six years ago , possibly longer . One of the contacts in the socket which support the trackball and allow it to roll smoothly had worn or finally broken after years of daily abuse , and the big trackball rolled smoothly no longer . The new unit was essentially identical as far as I could tell ; Kensington obviously chose not to improve on its solid performer . The new one was every bit as smooth as the last one as well . My wife and I love the fine granularity of control the large trackball gives as well as the angular inertial mass that lets one sling the cursor across the screen quickly enough to catch the gore-dripping demonspawn before it disappears down the hellhole . We also like having four buttons which come usefully programmed
 I was using a Logitech trackball before this . This got a biggest ball ever.Pro
 I have been using the Expert Mouse since 1996 in lieu of any other pointing device . Recently I got a new iMac with the Magic Trackpad and Magic Mouse . After a little over a week , I gave up trying to like them and ordered another Kensington Expert Mouse -LRB- my old trackballs go along with my old machines -RRB- . While I miss some of the gestures supported by the Apple pointing devices , they could not make up for the ease of use of the trackball with its smooth operation , easy control of movement , and programmable keys.The ball motion was a little stiff at first , but got smooth as silk after I vigorously flipped the cursor all over the screen for a short while . Now the trackball 's motion is as loose and free as my old one , which I had been using for years.I am on my computer almost all day everyday . My poor old fingers ache much less using the trackball than when I use any other pointing device . The big `` pool ball '' style of trackball is great for old farts like me . Probably a boon for anyone prone to repetitive movement problems.A big plus
 I was debating between this mouse and theKensington Slimblade Trackball USB 2.0 for PC and Mac , K72327US , so I decided to get both and compare . The Expert Mouse is a good trackball overall . I like the scroll ring , it definitely is better than mouse scroll wheels . The buttons are nice and the software makes them easy to configure . The movement is fairly good . However , I feel that in every area the Slimblade is an improvement . So definitely consider it if you 're looking at this trackball .
 What a great product ! You really have great control of the cursor with the trackball and the scroll whell is really convenient . Plus , I got a great price and fast delivery .
 Yes , a trackball mouse will take a little bit of getting used to in the beginning , but it 's not nearly as difficult as you might think , especially with this device!The ball 's movement is friction-free , precise , and effortless . I can navigate between dual monitors with ease , and the scroll ring is the most natural scrolling device I 've felt on a mouse . I do find that the sound of the scroll ring is sometimes a bit rough , and I was worried about this complaint before ordering the mouse . But now that I have it , I 've realized that the roughness is very slight , I do n't find it to be that big of of a deal.I love the programmable buttons because they can be used to program menu functions as well as opening applications . In addition , you can also program functions for when you press a combination of buttons . For example : I have the four buttons programmed as follows
 Got it today , this seems to be really good trackball that is going to replace my old `` turbo mouse 5 '' one . Scroll ring as a bit `` scratchy '' , but not too bad . Mouseworks driver indeed conflicts with trackpad drivers on my Dell Latitude D820 rendering any pointer devices unusable after standby . I had to uninstall the driver in order to get usable computer back . It is ok , but I lost ability to customize my keys and lost chording ...
 I have n't written any reviews for Amazon before , but when prompted for my feedback on this trackball , I had to respond . I 've been using one of these or its predecessors since the early 90 's when Kensington first came out with the `` Turbo Mouse '' . It was great then , and now it 's better . This is as solid , smooth , and precise of an input device as you can get . I do n't understand those others with buttons on the side that when you press them the trackball slides across your desk . This baby stays right where you put it because your button presses go straight down . You can use it with just the tips of your fingers or your whole hand -- your choice . The optical version is far superior to the old mechanical ones that needed frequent cleaning to stay in tip top performance . The only drawback is the $ 100 retail price , but frankly it 's worth that . It 's a no brainer at $ 80 which is what I paid through Amazon to Tiger Direct . If you need -LRB- or want -RRB- a high performance trackball that you 'll be able to use with many computers to come , get this one .
 I 've been using kensington trackballs for over 10 years and have owned the Expert Pro -LRB- blue and beige -RRB- , Turbo Mouse -LRB- 4 button beige -RRB- and the Orbit . I have used this particular model for over 1 year . Still works great.Pros : - Excellent Kensington software that makes this trackball highly configurable and customizable . - 4 button design allows you to map frequently used actions to the buttons . - Optical . Adds precision and allows the trackball to accumulate more dirt before you need to clean it . - Scroll wheel . It is well placed and easy to use -LRB- unlike the scroll wheel from the previous blue and beige model -RRB- - Big ball . Easy to move , allows for more precise movements , more comfortable on the hands.Cons : - Scroll wheel not fluid . The scroll wheel feels like it could use a little grease . It 's physical and does not affect scrolling on screen . But it does give the trackball a cheap feel and makes scrolling noisy . - Maintenance . Even though it is optical , you will still need to clean it from time to time . Dirt accumulates in the cavity holding the ball and will interfere with the optical sensor if you do n't clean it on a regular basis . It 's not hard to clean but they should design it next time so it does n't trap as much dirt . Perhaps have a hole at the bottom so dirt just falls through.All in all a great trackball . Not as well built as my old Turbo Mouse but this should last for a long time .
 It 's big , bulky and blocky so I 'm amazed at how natural feeling and comfortable this trackball is . I had initially discounted this one from my search for a trackball for graphics work due the the price and the fact that it looked decidedly uncomfortable for small hands like mine.When I took it out of the box , It felt a little `` boggy '' compared to the trackballs I was used to . It did n't take long to adjust the software to my preferences so that the fact that it does n't spin freely becomes an asset to detail work . This trackball allows for excellent control and is precise enough for photo editing at the pixel level . The software is a huge asset . Not only does the software allow acceleration adjustment on a scale , but each of the 4 buttons are programmable with key and click combinations as well as by application , thereby providing an amazing number of options.The scroll ring was slightly disappointing . For such an innovative idea , it does n't seem to be quite there yet . As so many others have pointed out , it certainly lacks smooth movement , though not enough to make it unusable . The overall usability of the trackball and software more than makes up for that .
 Nobody makes a better trackball than Kensington -- absolutely no one ! It took them a while to get on the optical bandwagon so I had to get by with Microsoft & Logitech products until the wired optical trackball came out . The wired version is perfect except that I keep running out of cord or I 'm always tipping something over . The wireless model goes through batteries every couple of days and it 's response time is slower and jerkier than the wired one . Hopefully , with time they 'll make a wireless one that responds like a Microsoft or Logitech while keeping that sweet Kensington `` feel '' . When that happens I 'll be the first in line to purchase one
 My old Kensington Expert Mouse Pro 6.0 -LRB- wireless -RRB- felt great , and solved all the health problems that my old Logitech thumb-trackball caused me . But it was a real dog -- Kensington sent me a new unit twice , but each one was as bad or worse than the last -- huge power drains ; jumpy cursor ; constant cleaning required ; etc.BUT -- the new Kensington Expert Mouse 7.0 is a dream . Its ball is as smooth as silk and gives absolute total control over cursor movement , even in CAD and mapping applications . There is simply no comparison with the previous version . Maybe it 's the optical pickup , or giving up on cordless , or maybe just better quality control at the studio and factory , but 7.0 is a trackball to get excited about !
 Smooth scrolling , great feel , excellent design . Best trackball I 've used.One caveat
 I have used Kensington Xpert trackballs since the old mechanical version . That one was great for its time but finally gave up its `` mechanical '' heart . I really used to enjoy the newer Xpert Optical . It was a joy and I loved it . Until Windows 7 . Even today -LRB- May 19 , 2012 -RRB- the driver TrackballWorks does not operate well . I 've uninstalled and reinstalled the drivers again and again , including downloading new copies several times . The settings change when I engage the browser -LRB- does n't matter which browser I try -RRB- . They re-assign themselves and often I 'm not sure what `` re-assignment '' I have as they change from time to time . So I 'm finally giving up my Kensington Trackball . I hardly think that a new Slingblade will be any better as it also has the same problems with Win7 . Soooo ... it 's off to buy the new wireless trackball from Logitech . I do n't mind the ball being positioned for the thumb and I welcome getting my thumbwheel back . -LRB- I missed it when I left the mechanical version . -RRB- Sad . I always had great respect for Kensington . Too bad they ca n't get their drivers correct ad the Slingblade is way too expensive anyway .
 Just received this . Previously I was using a Logitech Trackman wheel mouse which forced right hand use and I was starting to have some right hand repetitive stress issues . The scroll wheel on the Kensington I received works fine , no idea what the ` gritty ' negative reviews were about . I have no experience of the software . I 'm running Windows 7 64bit and the negative reviews led me to not install the Kensington software so currently I 'm using the default windows PS2 scroll wheel driver which sees the Kensington fine , lower left and lower right buttons are normal left/right , upper left is middle button and I ca n't use the upper right -LRB- without installing the kensington drivers -RRB- which is perfectly acceptable to me . Quality of construction seems fine though the oversized ball probably weighs the same as the enclosure does and perhaps some of the negative reviewers wanted a more substantial enclosure ? Anyways , it seems fine to me . It 's perhaps overpriced by about 25 % .
 I loved my old Kensington `` Expert Mouse Pro '' trackball , and when it wore out from many years of use , I wanted to replace it with the exact same thing . I was concerned because this newer version is different , and that could be good or bad . It turns out I like this new one even better.So far I 've noticed three main differences :1 . The buttons work with a lighter click than my old one . That might be just because it 's new .2 . The motion of the pointer seems more sensitive , meaning that I can make the mouse pointer move all the way across my -LRB- large -RRB- computer monitor with just a slight movement of the trackball .3 . However , to balance that sensitivity , at the same time , the trackball itself has a little more inertia or resistance and when you combine that with the greater sensitivity , the end result is that it gives you finer control over the mouse pointer so it 's easier to select exact portions of text with precision.I actually have two of the older expert mouse pro trackballs -LRB- I like having an additional one as a back-up -RRB- so I still have one of the older ones that works fine , but when I replaced the one that wore out , I found myself always wanting to use this new one , so I heartily recommend it.Personally I do n't miss the extra row of top buttons that were on the old `` Expert Mouse Pro '' because I never used them . As for the scroll wheel , they replaced that with a ring around the trackball which you can turn like a steering wheel to scroll things . It 's quite handy .
 In my opinion , this is the finest pointing device money will buy.The secret to the tight ball movement people comment on is . . skin oil . My guess is Kensington recognizes you ca n't keep the natural skin oils from your hand off the ball so it works with them . If you get some oil on it , it 'll work smoothly and as intended . If you want to experiment , clean it completely with dish soap and warm water and it 'll get tight again till you reoil it.One other quirk is the small bearings that support the ball . They do tend to collect fuzz and you 'll likely have to lift the ball out a couple times a week to wipe or blow it off . No big thing , a 30 second effort.I 've been using this series of trackball for around 15 years and would n't have anything else .
 My Logitech Cordless Optical Trackman broke again -LRB- cheap left-click gets spongy and eventually fails -RRB- . I have been using Logitech since 1988 , but I was n't interested in their latest offering which relies on the thumb - I had a thumb-based unit and it killed my hand.After reading all the reviews about the Kensington Expert Mouse , and because I use Windows 7 64-bit , I thought I might have the same issues . I was wrong . I bought mine at a local store knowing that I could easily return it and my review is based on K64325 with the box dated 7/10 on the bottom.I do n't perceive the `` scratching plastic '' complaint about the scroll-wheel , but more importantly , TrackballWorks 1.04 works flawlessly . I can create chords for mouse-clicks , designate a key for the horizontal/vertical lock , and a different key for the slow-motion required for detail work . Again , these all work in Win7/x64 . The feel is just right - at least for me - and the upward angle is not a problem . I keep a gel pad under my elbow and use the included wrist-rest . If you 're on the fence either because you are a Logitech-fan or are worried that the unit will have issues , this review may help push you over to the other side .
 This is the best trackball I 've owned ; of probably 5 or 6 . But it took some work ! The major problem was the lack of graduated speed , making the pointer way too difficult to control for fine placement . In the end , this was completely solved . -LRB- However , please note , this happy ending relied upon having a PS/2 port because I could n't get it to work well with USB . -RRB- The ball will be disappointingly stiff at first , but it frees up , and lube helps . The scroll ring sticks and grinds . This can be improved -LRB- see notes below -RRB- . Here is the chronology : Mar-24-2011Software
 I decided to give this a try based on other reviews from this site . Overall I am satisfied . I do a lot of video editing in Final Cut Pro on multiple screens , and my favorite feature is I no longer run out of mouse pad for long moves . Second best is the programmable buttons . They really save some time . The hardest part is deciding what combination you want . My only complaint was also mentioned by another review - for some reason they designed this with a tiny magnet underneath the ball inside the case . All it seems to do is make fine motion adjustments really touchy . REMOVE THE MAGNET and that `` stickiness '' will vanish . I would recommend this to anyone with large and/or multiple screens .
 So I have chronic wrist tendinitis problems , and using a computer with my hands for longer than 10 minutes can be problematic.My solutionI have the Toshiba Windows 7 Professional version laptop . I do n't like the touch pad period . So , instead I use two different miceI use the Microsoft Optical Trackball about 50 % of the time , and my Kensington Expert Mouse the rest . But , I control the Kensington with my toes ! Yes , you read that right , with my toes , wearing socks ! The ball is huge , as are the keys . After researching foot controlled mice , I read a review that recommended the Kensington . And for me it works wonderful. , I have Dragon Speak installed on the Windows XP mode side , on the Windows 7 side , I use the built in Speech Recognition Program , and Dragon Speak 10 . Both programs have their pluses and minuses , but that 's a whole different story.So what does this have to do regarding mice ? With this creative combination of mice and software , I can do almost anything I want to on my computer . I have even put together basic videos with Windows live movie maker using the Kensington mouse for 90 % of the work along with a voice recognition program.For me it was worth the expense .
 I had read that after about a year the scroll ring starts having problems . I found this to be true for mine as well , so this is my second unit . I completely disassembled my old one and tried to repair it , but there was nothing obviously wrong . Tweaking components in the optical path of the scroll ring helped , but did n't get it running fully again -LRB- sigh -RRB- . This new unit worked perfectly out-of-the-box . It gets good use , and it helps keep my wrist from aching -LRB- problem with regular meese -RRB- , so overall , it 's quite worth it -LRB- we 'll see how long this one works for -RRB- .
 I 've never understood why people use mice rather than trackballs . The trackball is always where you want it to be . The mouse has to be moved and sometimes there 's not enough room to move it where you want to be . This is my 4th Kensington track ball and I love it . But why do n't they make one with a scroll wheel too -- or do they and I just do n't know it ?
 I have used Kensington trackballs for years . They are well built , easy to use -LRB- especially for those suffering from Carpal Tunnel Syndrome , arthritis and/or tendonitis -RRB- and full featured . Kensington has the best customer support . They answer questions in a timely manner and you get the correct answer the first time you ask . The trackball works for left handed persons as easily as for right handed , is a breeze to install , the four buttons are programable to your desired choices , a wide variety of cursors are available , the optical is smooth and accurate . After having tried many , many mice and trackballs , I have stuck with Kensington through at least four generations and highly recomment this product .
 It 's amazing to me that this type of mouse is not the standard mouse we humans need to be using . After 20 + years of pointing device using , I began having nerve problems in that hand . After using this Expert Mouse for a month , I am no longer experiencing the pain associated with carpal tunnel .
 This has been a great accessory for my PC . Easy to install , and setup . Modifiying the buttonsis a snap . The wrist pad makes a huge difference in comfort for long periods of use , and the scroll ring is awesome .
 I do n't know what more you could ask for in a trackball.It works flawlessly . The ball was a little sticky for the first few minutes , after that it was perfect . The scroll ring was well and quickly became an indispensable feature.I put off buying for a long time because of the price . Now I have two of them now and think they are worth every penny ! If the angle is uncomfortable glue about 1/2 '' piece of cardboard or other similar material under the palm rest . That worked better for me . I love the thing !
 This is the latest of many trackballs I have used for personal and business use . The new optical tracking is a huge improvement over the old wheels that could get dirty and be a pain . The scroll wheel is also much more useful than the older versions . I 'm currently using a one of the silver/blue trackballs with 5 direct launch buttons and this optical one . Love them both , but far prefer the optical.My ONLY issue , and the reason it gets a 4 , is that I wish there was an optical mouse with the direct launch buttons . They are lifesaving for the work that I do , and I 'm forced to use an older mouse on that computer until there is another option -LRB- if that ever happens -RRB- .
 I have been totally pleased with this trackball . I tried one years ago but was not so happy with it . Of course , like any `` change '' it takes a little time to adapt to it -LRB- I use a mouse at work all day long -RRB- . I bought this for home -LRB- A Mac with Pro Tools for music recording -RRB- because it was recommended to be able to make edits of music more precisely than a mouse . I must say the recommendation was right on target . I think what makes this better than the trackball I tried years ago is the size of the ball . It 's much bigger and is easier to use than the small trackball I tried using years ago.I would recommend this to anyone . My desk space is small so I do n't have to move this around like a mouse.A GREAT PURCHASE at a GREAT PRICE !!!! Doug
 Its a large trackball , it dwarfs the other mice I have in my collection.The ball is the smoothest feeling device I can remember ever using , the scroll ring is not as nice , but functional and very useful none the less.All 4 buttons and scroll ring work out of the box for me on Ubuntu 8.04 . The top left acts as a universal scroll/open link in new tab and the top right acts as a go-back button in the web browser.Very well made and a pleasure to use . Too bad it is so expensive though.I am using this trackball with a HHKB keyboard.In my opinion I have the finest input devices available . Expensive , yes , but you get what you pay for .
 This is the best pointing device I have ever used . I had an older version and liked it . I bought one for my work office and one for my home office.The trackball moves without effort , and is very accurate . The scroll feature is excellent - I find it easier to use than the scroll wheel on regular mice.I had to go back to the trackball after my `` mouse hand '' started to cramp up . Now after a short time of using the Expert Mouse , the cramps are abating . My wife uses the home computer and she loves the Expert Mouse too . I have large hands and she has small hands , but by programming the buttons , I was able to set it up so it is perfect for both of us .
 I just built a new system using Vista 64 , and after years of using only a mouse , decided to try Kensingon 's Trackball . But you have to buy the latest one to get Vista drivers , so this was the only model I was sure would work.What a lovely device . While it takes a bit to get used to -LRB- not difficult , just different -RRB- , it is absolutely a dream to use . No drivers to load , just plug and play.Even the scroll wheel works smoothly.I expected to have to clean the ball every day , but even that has not been an issue .
 I have been using a Microsoft Trackball explorer for several years now , and it has gotten tired . I needed a replacement . I hate an ordinary mouse . I do n't want to have to move the mouse all around trying to get the cursor where I want it.I had heard that the Kensington Expert mouse was good , and a friend let me try his and I was sold . It is precise and very user friendly.I love my new mouse . The money was well spent .
 This mouse is worth the extra money . I use it with a 24 '' iMac without a problem , and it 's comfortable and effective . I am not a graphic designer , so I do n't have to use it for any precision work , nor for particularly long periods , but it works for me . I also bought the cheaper Logitech Marble Mouse and one of them lasted a week , the other one routinely loses control and I have to remove the mouse ball and reset it to get control of my cursor back .
 I had quite bad pain in my wrist from a `` standard '' mouse . It went within 48 hours of using Kensington Expert Mouse . Because of the roller ball and the wrist pad support there is no strain now on my wrist . Highly recommended .
 I was well on my way to having severe carpal tunnel and repetitive stress issues when I purchased my first Kensington Expert Mouse many years ago . This new version is turning out to be an excellent take on a terrific design . I am very happy that this new design will be no trouble to keep hair/dust free -LRB- which was a problem with earlier versions -RRB- . The ability to program the four buttons to any key strokes or mouse clicks I want makes my life so much easier and pain free . I have one button set to type the Enter key for me so I have to remove my hand from the mouse less often.Some people may need to use it for a few hours to get used to it but once you do you will never go back to a regular mouse again . I have introduced several people to the Kensington Expert Mouse over the years and they all love it too .
 Works great on my system , makes things alot easier for me and is ; in my opinion , better than the everyday run of the mill mouse .
 This Expert Mouse is the update to the Kensington Turbo Mouse . While the scroll ring takes some getting used to , it is a nice addition . If you 've used it 's popular predecessor , you will have no problems with the update . If not , you may find you do n't use all the buttons . The wrist pad is useful as well if you have the desk space but is cumbersome in a confined area . All in all a great product for general day-to-day use but not as precise for fine detailed work . Also one of the few options for left handers in a trackball model .
 When I first got this trackball I was really annoyed by how stiff and cheap it felt . But after using it for a while it got smoother and smoother and now feels absolutely top - top quality.I use it in my left hand and completely rely on it now.I use ControllerMate on the Mac to make is much more powerful and featureful .
 I am a longtime Kensington trackball user at work . I am an IT Professional so I tend to be on my computer well over 8 hours a day most days per week . Over 10 years ago I was having trouble with my wrist , arm , and back . The problems became severe enough to seek medical attention . I was prescribed anti-inflammatory medication and wrist/arm bands . This solution did n't seem to help much . Work was great ! They brought in their ergonomic folks . They recommended that I change from a mouse and desktop keyboard holder to a Kensington trackball and articulating keyboard holder . I believed this solution would help , but I was surprised and amazed that my problems actually went away . I 've been working from home these days and noticed that my wrist and arm were starting to hurt again , so I added a Kensington trackball at home . My laptop uses a small keypad that requires a lot of small finger/hand movements . This Kensington allows you to do the same work with no strain . I guess I had forgotten about my problems until they reared their ugly head again . Great product ... simple solution ! I have fairly new computer equipment with Vista and have no problems or issues . The performance is smooth and simple to use . My brother in-law was interested in using the trackball but was concerned since he 's left-handed , so I tested it . I was able to easily switch the Kensington trackball for my left-handed use . I have using it for left-handed use and it works great . I did n't have to do anything special to get it to work other than change the mouse settings via the control panel . Check it out ... you 'll love it .
 This is a pretty good mouse . I 've had a similar Kensington product , a previous edition of the Expert Mouse , which lasted me for years . When Apple 's Leopard and Snow Leopard operating system stopped supporting the Mouseworks software and Kensington no longer updated the software , the older Expert Mouse became a mouse with a rollerball and only the ability to right click and left click . I was without the buttons on programable buttons of the Expert Mouse that allowed the user to one-click applications and key strokes.PROS : - I do n't know about this mouse , but my previous experience with a Kensington product was that it lasted a very long time . It was a gift , and I ca n't remember how long it lasted . 6 or more years . Maybe this one will last a long time too since it 's the same brand.-This newer product comes with a small pad that fits to the rear of the roller ball . The pad can be attached or not used at all . If the pad makes mousing more comfortable for the user , it 's there.-It has a wheel around the trackball that is used for scrolling up and down a page that works good.-It seems to be sturdy in construction , and the design has a non-intrusive look to it without glaring trademarks or logos.-It 's compatible for Mac or PC . It installed OK with my iMac Snow Leopard OS X.-This is the best price that I could find . Some customers believe that price should not be mentioned in a product review . If you are one of those customers , do n't read this paragraph.CONS : - There is no real user manual or online tutorial . The online user manual tells you how to download/install the program and that you should be a good ergonomic user of the product . It tells you to see a doctor if you get repetitive stress symptoms . CYA is what that 's called , not RUS -LRB- Real Usable Support -RRB- . When I clicked on the tutorials at the Kensington website , all I could get is tutorials for a security lock for laptops.I think most of us can figure the mouse out , but I do n't think a user should have to figure a device out . I 've gotten so used to gizmos being fully ready and documented right out of the box , I was surprised that the only substantial document in this box was the warranty in about 8 languages . We all read the warranty stuff in Farsi do n't we ? That little book is going on my bedside table for future pleasure reading . Maybe Amazon sells a hardcover version.What I figured out and you could figure out too but should n't have to figure out
 I find the use of the Kensington mouse very easy to navigate . I 've had the older style before and I really like the wheel on the new model that allows you to manuever through documents .
 i have kensington expert mouse trackballs on each of my computers . they are all fantastics . i would never use a regular mouse again . the only regret i have is that kensington no longer makes the wireless version which i really liked .
 After doing some research , I decided the Kensington Expert Mouse was going to be my next purchase . I was quite familiar with the Logitech lines of trackball mice and found them to be a little cumbersome . I can say that the Kensington Expert Mouse is the most comfortable , most efficient , and most accurate pointing device I 've ever used . I like it so much , I am going to purchase a second one tomorrow . I ca n't wait to have one at work and one at home .
 I just bought the Kensington Expert Mouse 7.0 for home after using the Kensington Pro Trackball in my office for over a year . First off , it was extremely easy to hook up in linux -LRB- I just switched my driver to a USB wheel mouse and restarted the xserver and it worked -RRB- . For the first 10 minutes it was a little jumpy , but after breaking it in it became extremely smooth . The new wheel design , now a rotating ring around the trackball , though takes some getting used to , is a HUGE improvement over the small wheel at the top that was difficult to use without accidently clicking . All in all , the new optical trackball with its new wheel ring design is a true wrist saver !!
 I used to be totally sold on the old heavy duty billiard ball expert mice . However , about 5 years ago something bad happened . They cheapened the fit and finish of the ball and mechanisms . I purchased a couple but quickly passed them down to my kids . I ended up getting a AMicrosoft trackball that felt much better than the crap expert mice . Ok , all that buildup to state that 3 months ago I got my son the KEM 7.0 when his crap KEM gave out . Wow ! The smoothness of the ball/pointer movement is excellent . The old feel of what I remember of the KEM is back ! If you like trackballs , I can heartily recommend these ! Oh , BTW , I just got my new KEM 7.0 a week ago . Every bit as nice .
 After years of adding web buttons and other silly features , Kensington has returned to form with the new expert mouse . Integration of the scroll ring is great , and the software is still unparalleled . The mouse is supremely comfortable , both with and without the included wrist rest . The large ball allows you to change hand positions easily to prevent repetitve strain . The ball lifts out easily , which is great for cleaning -LRB- not that it needs much , being optical now -RRB- or just to play around with -LRB- I fidget a lot -RRB- . Not to mention the fact that it comes with an unheard of 5 year warranty . I have had to replace 1 Kensington item under warranty before , three years into ownership , and the process was completely painless ; their support is wonderful .
 Length :
 The first one broke after 3 years . The right mouse button periodically does not register clicks . I 'm pretty rough on trackballs/mice so three years is a nice lifetime . They are very sturdy and very comfortable to use .
 I had been a happy user of the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball for years , but when I recently purchased my new computer , I was really disappointed that both the computer and the new operating system are incompatable with the old trackball . After two months of making do with a conventional mouse , I broke down and upgraded to the current version of the Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball . I 've been using the new one now for two months . My only regret is that I waited so long before upgrading .
 I 've owned a dozen or so different trackballs and mice over the years , but this one is definitely my favorite . I originally bought one for work because I had wrist problems using the mouse they gave me for 8 hours a day , but ended up buying a second for home . It 's a little spendy but definitely worth it . The wrist rest is garbage though . It looks and feels cheap , is completely unnecessary , and was thrown away as soon as the box came open .
 Years ago I had an older Kensington trackball , and am very happy with this one . I have had the track ball for a few weeks now , and have n't had any problems . A lot of the reviews that I read prior to ordering stated that the track ball itself did n't move well , and the wheel around the track ball was noisy and sticky . I did n't have any problems , and if you had used an older version of the track ball , you 'll be happy with this one.The ball movement is n't as smooth as with steel rollers , but its comfortable , and I have very precise control over the pointer . I have n't had any problems nudging the pointer , and have found the track ball to be very responsive.If you 've previously been using a mouse , the positioning of the 4 buttons might feel a little odd at first . I personally find it very easy to transition from a mouse to a track ball , but I had used an older version of this trackball years ago.I highly recommend this trackball . I do n't care for the smaller track balls , as I find them more difficult to maneuver . With a larger ball , I find it easier to move -LRB- and its fun to spin the track ball to the side to move the mouse out of the way -RRB- . I normally spin the track ball to move the pointer to the side of the screen , then put my finger back down to stop the track pointer - I also use multiple monitors so I have a lot of screen to cover.I also really like the scroll wheel around the trackball itself . I have found it very easy to scroll up and down web pages and other documents . I have n't found it to be sticky or difficult to move . It does ` click ' as you move it , but it has to have some type of roller or something . Even if I press very hard on the scroll wheel , it still moves easily and I have never had it stick.I have not installed the kensington software , and I 'm using the drivers that were native in XP-Pro . I have n't felt the need to install their drivers as everything is working as I like .
 Expert mouse does nearly everything I wanted it to , but I ca n't seem to assign a ` copy ' or ` paste ' function to the buttons , even though that option was readily available on other Kensington mice . It cramps my style , but otherwise it 's a great product .
 I have been using a trackball at work for a year now and it 's amazing . So when I take my work home is does not feel the same using a regular mouse . I decided I had to by my personal trackball to use at home ! I LOVE it !!!!!!
 I have to say I am pleasantly surprised by this mouse . It has exceeded my expectations . I thought even though they said `` frictionless '' it would get difficult to move and stick and all that , but it does n't . It 's very easy to clean , lightning fast , and simple to use . Probably the best mouse I 've ever had ! The fact that it 's a trackball does take some getting used to , though just because it 's very different than a normal mouse , but my hand does n't get tired after lots of work anymore .
 Very smooth action on the Trackball . The circular scroll mechanism is a little rough .
 Since diagnosed with carpal tunnel I have tried many other mouses/mice and nothing helped my symptoms . This trackball works really well for my wrist and does a great job for my web design work . Recommended after a lot of research .
 This is my third Kensington trackball in 12 years . It replaced a Turbo Mouse trackball for which there was no MouseWorks software for OSX - the mechanism worked fine but the customizable control pane no longer came up . The old trackball used roller sensors on ball bearings , which were smooth enough . Now this new Expert Mouse billiard ball floats on tiny plastic balls with a red light optical sensor , for an even smoother feel . The ball did take about an hour of computer use to break-in and become completely frictionless . The scroll ring around the ball is nice , easier to use than putting the cursor on a scroll bar . To me there is nothing better than the high quality feel and great software of the Kensington trackballs . I like the ability to throw the curser across the 20 '' screen with a small movement of the finger , then slow down and highlight one letter . I forgot to check Amazon 's price , bought it locally , and overpaid $ 15 .
 The optical trackball is very smooth and tracks well but I do miss the quick launch buttons that my old , mechanical trackball featured .
 This Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball is awesome . I have used trackballs for many years and this one is exceptional because it feels as though it glides under your hand . Kensington has done a great job with this new mouse . I find it much more comfortable to use than a standard mouse because of the minimal movement of the wrist . The one thing you have to be mindful of is keeping your hands free of oils , lotions , etc. so that it does n't gum up the trackball and affect the inner workings of the mechanism .
 I feel they are SO GOOD that this is the second one I have purchased.Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325
 I had the Kensington Expert Mouse years ago & it lasted for about 10 years . Have had the smaller Orbit Trackball for the past few years & really missed the larger ball . Already ordered a new 8 Ball for it ! I LOVE Kensington 's Expert Mouse .
 At first I did n't like this mouse till I got used to it . I hate wireless anything -LRB- Mouse , keyboard , etc. -RRB- because batteries hate me and die at the worst times but this is one of the last wired trackballs around . So I gave it a chance.Bad points are the ball comes out at the drop of a hat and the 3 points that the ball rotate on get clogged with dirt and you need to clean often . Luckily the ball comes out easy so it 's not to bad ... Once you get used to the ball -LRB- I used to put the Logitech in my lap and put my hand on it , this is awful large for that ! -RRB- and hovering your hand over it and custom set the buttons it works pretty good.WARNING ! This comes with no software disk , you have to get it off the Kensington website yourself BEFORE plugging in the track ball . Otherwise it was smooth sailing .
 I 've had this trackie for YEARS and simply works outstandinly ! It 's a Kensington wired so you already know it 's high quality . The only beef I have is the total lack of support for their win7 drivers . That 's a software issue and truly has no bearing on the product itself.It 's very easy to clean . All you do is remove the ball and use a rag or dust cloth and you 're done.If you want a trackball that will last you ages and is no fuss buy it ... go on what are you waiting for ... BUY IT !
 My husband was so frustrated trying to use a laptop . He does n't have good fine motor control . He has an older Kensington expert mouse at home . This arrived quickly and was plug and play with no problems . So instead of crabbiness , had a happy husband . So worth it for both of us !
 I really like this . I got it to go with the 3D Connexion SpaceExplorer at work . Since I use my trackball left handed there is limited choices . Logitec used to make an ambidextrous trackball that I still use at home.I got laid-off and sold the 3D Connexion SpaceExplorer but still have the Kensington because it is still useful .
 I switched from a regular old mouse to an older version of this product several years ago . The older model helped with the arm pain I was having , but I hated it because the little plastic pieces that held the little red beads that the ball glides on broke very easily , and then it was pretty difficult to move the ball . I switched to this version at work when it came out and I love it ! The construction is much sturdier . The ball is much easier to move . While a lot of people seem to have angle problems , I find it 's very comfortable to rest the heel of my hand on the wrist rest and use the ball , scroll ring and buttons . I bought one for home use , too , and plan to never go back to a regular mouse . It really did save my hand and arm , the pain was very bad pre-Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball . Now I can work for hours with no negative effect .
 If you want to customize the two top buttons of this trackball without installing Trackballworks , the following steps work for me . First , Google and install AutoHotkey . Then open the file AutoHotkey.ahk with Notepad in your Documents folder and add EITHER of the following scripts at the end of the file , then save it , right click on the AutoHotkey icon in the Notification area and select `` Reload This Script '' . ; -------------- START SCRIPT 1 ---------------- #InstallMouseHookMButton : : XButton1XButton1 : : XButton2 ; -------------- END SCRIPT 1 ---------------- ; -------------- START SCRIPT 2 ---------------- #InstallMouseHookMButton : : XButton1XButton1 : : Ctrl ; -------------- END SCRIPT 2 ---------------- Both scripts will make the top left button behave like a browser 's `` Back '' button . However , the first script will make the top right button behave like a browser 's `` Forward '' button . Since I like to open a new link with a tab in Firefox , the second script is meant to make the top right button behave like a `` Ctrl '' key so that I can easily open a new tab without reaching for the keyboard since I rarely use `` Forward '' when browsing.This has been tested and works for both Vista and Windows 7 . Special thanks to AutoHotkey team for making such a great software .
 I have n't really used a trackball before -LRB- but understood the concept -RRB- and I have n't had this thing hooked up more than 15 minutes and I 'm already in love with it . Strangely , I have n't experience much of a learning curve , as its use is pretty intuitive.The unit looks bad@$$ on the desk with my dual monitors . Build quality seems solid for an input device , granted , I 've owned it less than an hour so long-term durability is still up in the air.Read a lot of bad reviews of the wrist support , but I find it quite comfortable . It puts my hand right where I find it 's best suited.Ball size is perfect -LRB- ... `` that 's what she said '' -RRB- and I feel it will prove to be a comfortable size later down the road.Overall , I 'm EXTREMELY excited to have made the switch over to a trackball , and even in the first 15 min I can tell it is going to greatly increase my productivity -LRB- between all the extra customizable buttons and the ease of movement of the trackball -RRB- . For a little background , I do n't game , but I often spend 12 + hrs a day drafting , 3D modeling , or doing web and/or graphic design . I can see that this will benefit all those activities . -LRB- The software even allows a hot key to ` toggle ' axis constraints on the cursor movement ; will be great for drafting ! -RRB-
 Just purchased the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball to replace the Expert Mouse Pro I had been using for the last 8 years . The device works wonderfully right out of the box . The tracking is smooth and quick . The scroll ring feels great and works just fine . I love the look of it , too . The only negative thing I would say is that I really liked the older Expert Mouse Pro better because it has six programmable buttons across the top , which the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball does not . Unfortunately , Kensington no longer makes the Expert Mouse Pro and , for whatever reason , they chose to leave the six extra buttons off the newer model . Still , it beats the competition hands down . Also , the software is easy to install -LRB- on a Mac -RRB- and very easy to use .
 Great product but software does n't install correctly in Vista and Windows 7Kensington Expert Mouse Fix for Vista and Windows 7Problem
 Really , if you 're looking for a modern trackball , you 've no real alternative than the Expert Mouse Trackball from Kensington . It has flaws , if we had a more viable trackball market , this would certainly be a much different review . Yet , the market offers what it offers , and this is really the best of the crop . Four buttons and a scroll wheel with standard USB HID support , meaning that it will work without any special drivers on all operating systems . Note that Kensington 's alternative 4-button trackball , the Slimblade , does NOT use USB HID for all its buttons and does not work properly without special drivers and does not work on all operating systems.Furthermore , Kensington offers an outstanding 5-year warranty on this device . That is good because it is neither particularly inexpensive , nor is it particularly well-manufactured . Expect to use the warranty , I did.Exactly a year from purchase -LRB- to the day -RRB- , my scrollwheel broke . I received a new one in only 3 days . By the way , the problem is not mechanical , despite how flimsy the wheel might seem , it is an electronics issue . The scrolling happens through slits in the bottom of the wheel which cover/uncover an LED and a photodiode which trigger the scrolling mechanism . The failure of either of these diodes can cause failure in the scroll wheel . Fixing , then , is likely a simple matter of soldering ; Of course , you should n't have to do this any time soon , given the 5-year warranty . Note that this design is why , if you balance the scroll wheel between `` clicks '' it will continue scrolling . I 'm yet unsure how this design allows two-way scrolling .
 I purchase one for my office over a year ago and purchased another for my home office use . I have been having issues with my hand fall asleep with the older style trackball ; however the one I use at work -LRB- Kensington -RRB- does not bother my hand even after a full days use . Love it !!
 i like this product as well as the price -- $ 35.48 and Kensington still has an excellent support in place . Keep up the good work people .
 I really hate computer mice and it annoys me that they have become the de-facto standard input device.I 've been using Kensington trackballs for years starting with the 4.0 design , and was hooked on the new design immediately when they added the scroll ring.It is such a comfortable design . I have a mouse pad with gel wrist-rest that keeps my hand in perfect position , and there is zero arm strain.I actually got hooked on these many , many years ago for gaming . Playing air combat sims is great , better than a flight stick for stuff like X-wing , and it works extremely well for the likes of Starcraft2 as well.This particular purchase was for my wife 's new computer . She was annoyed that she had to use a mouse , and made me get this after just a week or so.I ca n't recommend these enough .
 I had one years ago and loved it . The only reason I bought a new one is that I gave the old one to a friend . It does take some time to get used to it , but it 's worth it . It was actually recommended to me by my orthopedic doctor after I had CT Release Surgery on both my hands . The fact that they have both PC and Mac support is crucial to me . All around a solid product from Kensington .
 This is the third Kensington Track Ball I 've bought ; the other two are still working perfectly after about five years . This one is for the iMac . Highly recommended .
 My roommate has had this mouse ever since I moved in , and has been trying to convince me of its merits for a long time . However , I was mostly a laptop/trackpad user and so did n't utilize a mouse much . About a year ago I finally got a desktop and almost immediately my wrist began to hurt . At one point I even had to use my left hand because it was so painful to use the mouse with my right hand -LRB- I 'm right-handed -RRB- . At this point I knew I needed to either go back to a laptop/trackpad or see if using a trackball mouse would help . At first , I tried the `` Kensington Orbit Optical Trackball Mouse 64327 '' but it pulled on my wrist in a weird way and was difficult to use . Finally , I listened to my roommate and got the Expert Mouse . I was blown away . My wrist pain cleared up very quickly and has n't returned . Furthermore , the giant ball -LRB- which makes a huge difference compared to the trackball mice with a smaller ball -RRB- is wonderful to use . The 4-buttons are great , and the scroll wheel is something I do n't know how I ever got by without . I 've been ranting about this mouse for months now , trying to convince my friends to make the switch . I know this mouse seems expensive , but it is worth much more than it costs . Some of the best money I 've ever spent . * Note for Windows 7 users
 This is a great track ball . The optical lasts forever without problems . I just bought another for my son . I hope Kensington never discontinues this product.The only drawback is that the Kensington Mouseworks software has n't been developed for Vista -LRB- stuck with Vista drivers -RRB- . This limits the custom programming of buttons , etc. compared to XP for example .
 I 'm a programmer and switching to the Expert Mouse cured my wrist pains completely . Previously I was using regular mice which killed my wrists , then a Microsoft Trackball Optical but that just shifted all the stress to my thumb . At this point I swear by the Expert Mouse and would n't use anything else . The MouseWorks software does everything I need and the new scroll wheel is brilliant . I just replaced my older Expert Mouse Pro at home so I have one of these at work and at home . Ca n't recommend this product highly enough .
 This is my third one purchased , excellent product . This is the only large trackball out there available in this price range . I 've used mice , trackpads , pointers , etc. nothing works better for me . I just wish someone would come out with something similar or better ...
 After using this trackball , it is absolutely frustrating to be without it ! I even carry it along with my laptop!No more running out of space on your mousepad in the middle of an operation and having to start over .
 I have been using different Kensington Expert mouse products for almost a decade , and have gone through quite a few of them . This new optical version is great because you do n't have to take out the ball and clean the rollers anymore , and the ring-scroll wheel is awesome .
 It does not matter if the world is perfect , some people will always find a fault . I had a kensington track ball back in the eighties , great product and still works . I have just acquired this new model and I am delighted . Precisied , smooth , four buttons -LRB- programmable -RRB- , scrolling capabilities -LRB- what noise ? -RRB- , fast and most of all very comfortable . Trust me , I have been in the IT hardware business , maufacturing and sales , since 1975 . Well before PC 's and mice . Well done ! Strongly recommended .
 This is my second trackball from kensington . I really enjoyed the first one . It worked very well for more than 5 years . That is why I really wanted to stay with kensington . The buttons are great and the ball is smooth to roll around . My daughter & I both love the scroll wheel around the trackball itself . Nice idea . I have enjoyed my experience with trackballs so much so that I do n't like mice . Even though Mouse Works has not been updated in years , it still works well with my new Expert Mouse.Cons
 A fellow co-worker had used this mouse and I thought she was crazy . This is n't necessary , I thought . When she left the company , I inherited the mouse and thought I would give it a try . Now I wo n't work with out it . I have since taken a new position and am now working from home and needed to buy one for my home office . It is awesome . Highly recommend !!!! You 'll never go back to the tradtional mouse .
 SINCE MY HANDS BECAME CRIPPLED , I HAVE NOT BEEN ABLE TO USE THE STANDARD MOUSE -- OR EVEN THE THUMB OPERATED TRACKBALL MOUSE -- BUT THIS CONFIGURATION IS A BLESSING ! I CAN EASILY OPERATE THE TRACKBALL AND CLICK LEFT OR CLICK RIGHT WITHOUT THE BENEFIT OF AN OPPOSING THUMB . THAT LARGE SCROLL RING MAKES SCROLLING A SNAP AND THE FACT THAT THE MOUSE IS STATIONARY ADDS TO IT 'S EASE OF USE EVEN FOR MY PAL WHO IS NOT DISABLED . AN EXCELLENT TOOL . THANKS !
 I 've used this Kensington trackball 8hrs + per day for over four years without a glitch . A perfect product . Mice are ridiculous when compared to the ergonomics and advantages of this trackball . I will say I use the trackball along side my Wacom tablet , but will never go back to a carpal tunnel inducing mouse again !
 Love it , my wife also has one . I plan to get one for work also .
 Why anyone would use any other mouse than this one , I do n't know . I have them on all my machines , and they are fantastic , and Kensington really stands behind their products . I recommend no other mouse that this one for serious use .
 I love this trackball . I have carpal tunnel and with this I can work on my computer for hours and not experience any wrist or hand discomfort . In my opinion this trackball allows for more precise movement especially when using design and cad programs . I purchased this one for my best friend and she loves it too .
 Great product , the best trackballs out there . I had a customer support issue that was resolved after I escalated it a bit . If you have any problem with customer support , make sure you contact the US office , as their off-site support can be spotty . They need to improve the drivers for Windows 7 , but I understand it is in process .
 after developing lateral epicondylitis in my right arm from using a regular mouse , i had to switch to a trackball . i used the logitech wireless trackman for years until it died . i researched many different options and came across this kensington trackball . after reading so many positive reviews and nabbing a decent sale on amazon , i bit the bullet and ordered it . and damn , i 'm so glad i did ! this mouse is awesome . it took some practice getting used to it , but it did n't take long to fall in love with it . the programmable buttons are super convenient . the scroll wheel , although it feels cheap and is a bit noisy , works like a charm . the ball tracks smoothly and it 's easy to just lift it out and clean the dust off the contact points inside . the provided wrist rest is comfortable and i highly recommend using it . now , no other mouse compares !
 I do audio editing . I spend as much as 10 hours a day , using a mouse . I average probably 4 hours every day.I always use a track-ball type of mouse for control . I started getting hand pain , and needed to get the most comfortable mouse I could find . This may be it.If somebody knows a better one , let me know ! I still have some pain , but it has helped . It is a very big unit , and takes a bit to get used to.The attachable pad is a good feature . I like the assignable pads , and the scroll wheel .
 Alright everyone . I have finally found a solution to Kensingtons 's refusal to support Vista , x64 windows , and 7 . The fix is AutoHotKey . Get it at -LSB- ... -RSB- . That little piece of software will do almost everything the old Kensinton Mouse Works does . And even more . I 'm actually glad I had to go search for that software because it works much better.Now about the mouse : This thing is amazing . Simply the best mouse out there as I tried a few others as replacements for my Expert Mouse Pro -LRB- which is still working strong at work for 6 + years ! -RRB- . The scroll dial is way better than a mouse wheel and helps save my middle finger for other uses.Rub some silicone lube on the rollers and this thing screams . Much more smooth than the Expert Mouse Pro . The positioning of the ball and buttons is almost exactly the same .
 I had tried using trackballs before but found them too awkward and difficult to get the fine motor skills . However , when I started developing pain in my mousing hand , I did n't want to ignore it ... I was only in my early 40s and have to rely on a pointer device to earn a living . Plus , I play cello and knit and play piano so I really did n't want a mouse to destroy my ability to do the the things I really love.So I search all the ergonomic websites and they all consistently recommended large trackballs because the larger the ball , the less you are relying on very small movements or only one set of muscles to perform your computer task . In addition , you want to use a trackball that is `` symmetric '' so that you can change how you use it in order to `` spread the stress '' . The Kensington trackball has the one of the largest trackballs on the market -LRB- I think there is one other one that has a slightly larger ball that is marketed towards children -RRB- . It is balanced and symmetric so that you can move the ball with different fingers or even different parts of your hand . The buttons are programmable -LRB- if you can install the software -RRB- so you can change where your single and double click buttons are to take advantage of the natural strength of your hand . It is easy to install in its most basic mode ... just plug and play . It is also easy to clean -- just lift the ball out and wipe the dust away from the sensors . It also lasts forever -- I 've bought a couple over the years but only because my kids keep swiping mine!There are trackballs that put the trackball where your thumb would go . These are not significantly better than a mouse because you have shifted the repetitive motion to your thumb . Other trackballs put the trackball where your 4th and 5th finger is . Once again , you have moved the are of your hand that you are going to wear out.My only nitpick is that to take full advantage of the features , you have to install the software drivers . If you are using this on a computer at work where you do n't have admin privileges then you wo n't be able to take advantage of the full functionality . It would be nice if the mouse used a firmware programming mechanism instead of having to install software on the computer.I really wish that Kensington would make this a wireless device as well . But at this point , I 'm just glad I can find this in any form .
 I 'm very pleased with this trackball . I 'd never tried one before but wrist and arm pain drove me to experiment.The pad is useless , I think . I tried it and tossed it away and bought a simple $ 5 beanbag wrist rest for trackballers . It 's so comfortable and leaves my hand in just the right position . -LRB- It 's the one that 's shaped like a fat C ; I bought it here at Amazon -RRB- . It made everything feel just right.I do n't know why people say it 's scratchy . It 's anything but . The ball is so precise and smooth . As for the scroll ring , I like the way it works . It gives you feedback , that 's all . I would n't change anything about it.The Kensington web site is useless . I had to get the version of Mouseworks that works with Snow Leopard by googling it . It 's free and installs easily . With the software I was able to adjust every last thing about the trackball.In all , I 'm completely pleased .
 Over the years , I 've used just about every type of mouse out there
 The Kensington Expert Optical Trackball has virtually become the standard by which others are measured by . Because of the price , most users hope that less expensive trackballs will suffice , but quality comes at a price . Fortunately Kengsington has hit the mark with excellent design and functionality . My experience with Kensington was a total pleasure . The unit is exceptional , but I accidently broke the wrist rest and wrote to Kensington for a price on a replacement part . I received a very prompt and thorough response and they sent an entirely new trackball with wrist rest free of charge . That 's called perfect product service , and I just wanted to share this side of product satisfaction with everyone .
 The Kensington Expert Mouse is actually not a mouse at all , but a trackball that is well-made and very durable . I 've used Kensington 's Turbo Mouse , an earlier version of this product , starting in 1989 and its various iterations ever since . It connects via USB 2 to either Mac or Windows , and replaces the standard mouse that comes with your computer . Software drivers for Mac and Windows are available on Kensington 's site.Why should you replace your mouse with this product ? The Expert Mouse has a large ball about the size of a pool ball that you move with your fingertips . You can rocket the cursor quickly to any part of your monitor with a simple flick of your fingers , instead of having to move your whole arm with a regular mouse . I often work 8-10 hours a day at my computer and a 30 '' monitor doing graphic design work , and the Expert Mouse prevents stress on my arm and hand . For right handers , left-clicking is done with your thumb on the lower left button . Right-clicking is done with your little finger on the lower right button . However , you can program any of the 4 buttons to do any of these two actions , and custom-program other actions with the remaining 2 buttons . Speaking frankly , I LOVE this trackball , as it keeps me productive and speeds my work immensely.New users may notice the ball may move a tad sluggishly when they first unpack the trackball , but this quickly goes away with a few minutes of use . The speed of the cursor can be easily adjusted with the supplied driver/software to your liking . The trackball takes up very little desk room . It 's only 5 '' x 6 '' and no mouse pad is required.Around the ball is a scroll ring that allows you to quickly scroll around your documents and web pages in a flash . I could never go back to a mouse . The Kensington Expert Mouse is absolutely the best trackball product I 've ever used , and I 've been using it or its direct ancestors for 23 years ! It may take a day or two to get used to it , but when you do you 'll never want to use a regular mouse again . It 's really that good.Cleaning is easy . I recommend that about once a month that you simply pick up the unit , hold your hand over the ball and turn it over . The ball will fall into your hand . Tap gently on the bottom of the unit to release dust , food particles , hair , dead skin cells and other gunk that 's built up . You may have to use a tissue to wipe out the ball cavity and polish up the ball itself to remove any grime or skin oils from your hand . You can even wash the ball in mild , soapy water if you have excessively oily fingers . It 's advisable to use a tissue to remove the gunk that builds up over the 3 tiny balls inside the ball cavity , as these can build up with dirt , fuzz and grime over time . It usually takes only a few seconds to do this every month or so , so it 's not a bother . Your trackball should last you for many years of lightning-fast , smooth cursor action if you do this . My current Expert Mouse is over 5 years old and going strong , without a single problem in that time .
 To date , I have used almost every single type mouse on the market . Each type has its own benefits but downfalls as well , and the Kensington is no different.The best features : - Can be used by both left handed and right handed people . - The learning curve is incredibly fast on this trackball . I bought it to use with my left hand -LRB- I am actually right-handed but wanted to give my right hand a rest when it started to get painful -RRB- and the ease and control I have with it using my left hand is practically as good as mice I use with my right . - The 4 buttons that surround the trackball are very useful . You can program each button as well as button combinations . Add the shift or control key to the combo , and you increase your options even greater . It 's very easy to program and you can program the keys globally or specific to a particular program . I use the copy & paste feature a lot so I 've programmed the 2 of the buttons to do just that and it speeds things up quite a bit . - I do like the scrolling wheel . You can scroll up or down with any finger.I was hoping the Kensington would completely eradicate my need for my other mice . I tend to rotate the mice I use because I find that after a while , my hands/fingers/wrist start to ache because each particular mouse stresses a different part of my body . Sadly , the same is true with the Kensington.The worst : - The buttons require way too much force to press down . Of course it 's not HARD to press down on them , but when you are repeatedly clicking -LRB- especially since the mouse has all those cool programmable buttons -RRB- , all that clicking does add up . I find that my clicking fingers become painful after a while -LRB- and the pain shoots to my wrist -RRB- . That 's when I have to switch to another mouse . I wish the buttons required more of a tap rather than a press of the finger . To me , this is a HUGE negative with this mouse . It sounds minor but to me , it 's not . Any feature that results in pain when using the mouse almost defeats the purpose of that particular mouse . - The angling of the mouse is much too high . If you are just resting your hand on the mouse , that 's fine . But if you are using your forefingers to scroll the ball , it forces your wrist backwards . My wrist gets tired and stiff from that . You could potentially use other parts of your hand to scroll but it gives you less control . This is the only mouse I have used that I 've experienced this problem with , and I think it was a huge oversight by the creator to angle the mouse so high.If Kensington just fixed the 2 relatively minor issues above with the mouse , I think we 'd have a true winner . As it is though , as fantastic as I think many of the features on this mouse is , I can only use it in conjunction with other mice .
 Take all the good reviews about this product , and I agree with all the positives . I even like the Kensington Expert Trackball Mouse BETTER than my Microsoft Trackball Explorer -LRB- SHAMEFULLY discontinued by Microsoft -RRB- in some respects ! But I have to admit that my Explorer mouse is a bit more comfortable for long periods of constant use.I do n't think the product description on Amazon mentions that you can assign SIX different functions at a time to this mouse ! That 's because not only can you assign a different function to each button -LRB- there are 4 buttons -RRB- , but you can ALSO assign a function that works when you press both top buttons together , and another function that works when you press both bottom buttons together ! I chose to assign `` click '' , `` right click '' , `` cut '' , & `` paste '' to the single buttons , and chose `` back '' and `` forward '' for the simultaneous buttons . And just in case you do n't want any or all of the buttons to do anything when they are pushed , you can assign them to `` do nothing '' as well . This might be useful for people who keep accidentally pushing a button because of their particular hand shape or hand position.I 've also found that the `` fluid '' vs. `` space down '' motion of the scroll wheel depends on the application that is running , and not a big deal to me . If you always want a fluid scrolling motion you can always choose one of your buttons to `` drag '' the screen fluidly up or down using the trackball.I mostly decided to write this review to let all you Mac OS X w / Intel chip and Leopard OS users know that you can get ALL the buttons programmed after downloading `` Kensington MouseWorks for Mac OS X Version 3.0 '' software from the Kensington website -LSB- ... -RSB- . Never mind that it says it was last updated on 5/30/06 - once you download that version to your Intel Mac -LRB- do not click on `` search for latest update '' when the box comes up so you only download THAT particular version -RRB- you can then program ALL the buttons -LRB- I own a new 2008 MacBook Pro and it worked for me -RRB- . At least we can use the available Version 3.0 until they create a newer updated Mouseworks Software Version that fixes the Intel Mac problem.I LOVE the `` keystrokes '' option to add custom button settings -LRB- i.e. if you want a button to be `` Back '' , first type the Apple `` Command '' button followed by the '' -LSB- '' key in the top box , and then label it `` Back '' in the bottom box ; I 've found that you must label/name it last so that the `` OK '' button lights up and you can click on it . Likewise , if you wanted another button to be `` Paste '' , choose the `` Keystrokes '' option , then type the Apple `` Command '' button followed by `` V '' in the top box , and then label it `` Paste '' below and `` OK '' -LRB- save -RRB- it . It 's so easy to assign practically anything to a button -LRB- even opening up an assigned URL or application -RRB- ... very cool.And if you are n't able to set some of the parameters for how the trackball mouse responds through the `` Mouseworks '' application settings , try tweaking the standard mouse application settings.To think I almost returned this product ! Thank goodness for internet searches !
 I 've been using the 64213 for seven years now -LRB- since 7/31/01 , paid $ 99 - it 's great and well worth it -RRB- , and wanted to get one of these as a gift for a friend.They no longer make the 64213 , which rolls on stainless steel rollers.I was skeptical about the 64325 , because it was different -LRB- optical -RRB- . I thought that it would have a different feel -LRB- I was right -RRB- . I would like to recommend it over a regular mouse - for comfort , to prevent against carpal tunnel , and clutching , and for ease of navigation through virtual worlds like Second Life . I like the 64213 better , though , because of the size and feel . Maybe there 's a used one available on e-bay . ********************************************************** Differences I 've noticed :1 . -RRB- The stainless steel rollers in the 64213 give you more of a tactile connection between where you were rolling , and what the mouse is doing on the screen . You do n't have that so much with the optical trackball . Also , the 64325 requires a lighter touch , which may actually prove to be good over time . I wo n't be able to say , though , because I 'm giving it to someone as a gift -LRB- it 's good -RRB- .2 . -RRB- The length of the 64325 is shorter . I can understand that about the front , since there are no quick launch buttons -LRB- I 've never used these on a regular basis -RRB- , but I like the extended length in the front of the 64213 better , because I have a large hand . This is n't a big deal .3 . -RRB- The 64325 seems to be angled down a little bit more in front . I like the angle of the 64213 better . Maybe use one or two thicknesses of corrugated cardboard to raise it up . This is n't a big deal .4 . -RRB- The scroll ` ring ' works ok , although I 've read reviews to the contrary . I 've never regularly used the scroll ` wheel ' in the 64213 - Reason
 I was developing Carpal Tunnel syndrome problems from using a standard mouse for so many years , so some time ago I added both a trackball and a tablet to my system . I now switch between the three as necessary . My old Trackball -LRB- my third -RRB- died , so I acquired the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball after doing some research.I have found the Kensington product to be the best and most sensitive/accurate trackball I have ever used .
 I have been using Kensington trackballs now for at least ten years . The latest , Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for PC or Mac 64325 , is their best ever . The movement is smooth and the optical feature should prevent any dirt from getting inside the works , the wrist rest and scroll wheel are best ever . If you use a traditional mouse , switching to the Kensington trackball will be a healthier choice for your body . But the ultimate reason for buying Kensiington , is that they 're a class company to deal with . My prior trackball died well into the fifth year of its warranty . They upgraded and replaced my trackball without question in a matter of days . This is a rare attribute in this day and age .
 I 've used Kensington Trackballs routinely in the past with Macs I 've owned . This one is a replacement for a Turbo that I wore out , and is the first Optical I 've used . It lives up to its advertising and the Kensington reputation . I particularly like the scroll ring that surrounds the ball and the included wrist rest . Have yet to find anything I could complain about ; all pro and no con .
 If after some years you find that the scroll ring is n't as responsive as it used to be , it 's time to clean the hairs and gunk off the ring . Google for `` Kensington Expert Mouse Trackball
 I prefer trackballs for mice because they are easier on my wrists , and I find they use less desk space . I 'm not a gamer , and mostly a typist . I used the Kensington Turboball , Expert Mouse , Orbit , and the Microsoft Trackball Optical 1.0 . I 've also used other mice.I have read how some people expressed concern over the Scroll Ring . I do n't share the same concerns about its noise , but I do have to agree that it almost feels a little `` cheap . `` Fortunately , the mouse has been working like a charm for me , and I very much like the DiamondEye -LRB- why are n't all mice made with this type of technology ? -RRB- . I wholeheartedly recommend this mouse for anybody that prefers trackballs , and I encourage the average mouse user -LRB- who is not a gamer -RRB- to try one out - you will probably like it .
 I have used what seems like every mouse and trackball on the planet in my 15 years in IT , and this is the best one yet . Taking the lessons from earlier trackballs , they designed this one with laser optics instead of the standard rollers , and the change is noticeable . It has excellent precision contral , the extra-large scroll wheel makes scrolling even more effective , and the large buttons are easy to reach and click . I have bad wrists and with this device I keep my hand still and just wiggle my fingers - much better than a standard mouse.I use this trackball to game with as well as real work , and it 's great for that too . Someday they 'll make a pointing device that 's better , but they have n't yet .
 The trackball does everything I expected , except , not all web pages will respond to the button I set up as a page back button . I think anyone thinking of purchasing a trackball woud be pleased .
 I got this trackball in trying to find a solution to hand and wrist pains caused by my mouse . I like its design . I tried the Kensington TurboBall trackball before this , and after absolutely hating it , swapped it in for the Expert Mouse . I was looking for a trackball with a scroll wheel mechanism , and the scroll ring on this trackball is very functional -LRB- even though it makes a slight grinding sound , which is really no big deal -RRB- . The scroll ring rests under my middle finger very naturally , and is easy to use . The buttons are well-placed , and the ball 's action is nice . The large ball helps in precise cursor control . This trackball is a bit pricey , however , and the construction quality does n't seem to match up with its high price tag . I tried the -LRB- much cheaper -RRB- Logitech Trackman Wheel Optical , and I can honestly say I prefer the usability of the Expert Mouse to the Trackman . The software that comes with mouse is also very nice , as it allows you access to many advanced settings and seems to be designed well . There are also several cool features in the trackball software that have come to be useful .
 I had no problem transitioning to this as my first trackball . It took about 12 hours , Love this item.The buttons are harder to click than a normal mouse , but you get used to it .
 I just unpacked my expert mouse and my life is already better . It changed my life with in the first ten minutes of using it . I do a lot of work in Pro Tools , Logic , and Reason and its going to significantly speed up my work flow . Also its much easier on my hand . Great product !
 It is super comfortable allowing all scrolling to be done easily with the fingertips ; no strain on the wrist . The click is just so darn load . It is getting on my nerves . I need to switch back to my Apple wireless trackpad whenever the loud clicking bothers me . But it 's great otherwise .
 I have used this type of mouse for years . Ordered this new one , without checking for software compatibility first . It is , sadly , not compatible with Windows 7 . Kensington 's very nice technician tells me that they hope to have Windows 7 compatible software sometime `` in the second quarter . '' So , I am reluctantly returning my new trackball mouse , and will eagerly await news that the new software is available ! I gave `` ease of installation '' one star , just because it would n't install ! And , when I tried to install the software , my MagicJack stopped working !
 I have one at work and at home now . My right hand was going numb , so now I use the roller ball with my left hand . Not a big deal , like it very much never will go back to a mouse .
 This product has been most helpful to me since I have rheumatoid arthritis and it is so easy on my hands because of the size of the ball.It is much easier to use than the mouse that makes me use my arthritic wrist . I am happy for this .
 I will never use a regular mouse again . I am flying all over the screen with no stress to my poor fingers anymore . My wrist does n't hurt anymore.It is perfectly ergonomic and worth every penny !
 Overview
 comfortable to use , speedy and takes up less space than a mouse ... The last Kensington Track ball I had wore out in just three years . let 's hope this one is more durable .
 I have used a Kensington Trackball on my desktop Mac for over a decade and these things are terrific . I just convinced my boss that at age 63 I could really use one here on my Windoze XP machine and I 'm finding it great . In fact , this one has a ring that performs like the little thumb wheel on a mouse that I now wish my old one on my Mac had.Only thing I could use now is some way to program the top two buttons to page back & forward . If they can , I have n't found out how to set that function . `` Buy it , you 'll like it ! `` David -LRB- TLM Technology Services for Mike -RRB-
 Having bought a Kensington track ball over 10 years ago , we already had high expectations . Their new product did not disappoint . Improved , smooth , solid , looks great and worked perfectly after we hooked it up to the PC . Ca n't compliment the product enough ! Amazon also delivered in a very short time and for free .
 My first Trackball was the Kensington Expert Mouse Pro 64213 -LRB- blue ball -RRB- , when that broke I purchased this trackball 64325 . I really like the scroll ring feature , that is a great improvement . The scroll is more accessible and because it is accessible , I find that I am using this feature more often . The dark gray color is also very nice ... sophisticate look.I 'm rating this Trackball a 4 star because I 'm uncomfortable with the angle . I wish Kensington would have made the mice flatter like the `` blue ball '' trackball . Other than that , I 'm happy with this purchase .
 Absolutely the best trackball available . The solution if you are experiencing carpal tunnel syndrome symptoms when using a mouse . This is particularly effective for people involved with CAD and graphics computer work .
 Although it took a few tries to find a USB port in my Dell Optiplex GX620 that would recognize the mouse , once it was recognized , the rest went easy . The supplied hand rest combined with the large trackball produced an almost immediate relief in my hand -LRB- which was the reason for the purchase -RRB- . The scroll ring is the best innovation I 've experienced on a mouse . It greatly improves navigation -- its only slight negative is the resistance and sound made when scrolling with the ring . The trackball itself almost floats as you move from place to place . I moves so easily I had to lower the sensitivity to make it easier to make precise placement of the cursor . It is heads and shoulders above other trackballs I have used .
 Gave this product 5 stars , if I could give more , I would . This mouse is the only mouse anyone should use . Other mouse 's you have to move around should be abolished . Why anyone still uses them is beyond me . You want a really good mouse ... the way a mouse should be ... get this one .
 Quality merchandise at a very attractive price . Item showed backordered at first , but then arrived only about 3 days past its original expected date . Communication from seller was also excellent ; I received both e-mail and phone-mail messages confirming order specifics .
 I purchased my 1st EM 5 . ? in 2001 on the advise of my friend who is a tax accountant and used it until about 3 months ago when I purchsed a new computer with scroll mouse . I did not like the mouse and went looking for a new EM and I love it . It is easy to us and setup and faster than the scroll mouse with out lifting and moving . Also , I never had any problems with my EM 5.0 and the new wristpad is great.Jim V.H.
 AwesomeI have used this type of product for 15 years and this is by far the best one.Thanks - you make my day better .
 Had an older version and loved it . Change to newer computer and went back to regular mouse and really missed it and so I got the newer version . Love this one even more because this uses optical vs mechanical that the older on had . Had to clean it regularly since dust would hamper trackball movement , not so with the optical version . Added scrool ring that the older version did n't have is nice .
 This mouse performs all necessary functions . This unit is as described . Iwould definitely recommend this model . Very easy to use .
 I have owned Kensington Trackballs before , but this is the finest one I have owned to date!This trackball is perfectly smooth . There is very little chance of lint and debris getting into the optics so it stays true much longer than even laser mice . I love the trackball because it does not take up extra space on my desk . The ball is much larger than any other on the market . It is much more accurate and it much easier to hit your mark every time because of the accuracy . The Software allows you to set the combinations of keys to do program specific actions . i.e. when in media player clicking the top two buttons together advances to the next song.If for no other reason I would buy this trackball because of the scroll ring . while you are mousing , you can scroll at the same time because of the placement of the scrolling ring . Everything is perfectly placed and there are many tactile clues as to what you are doing . the buttons have markers on them so that you can know exactly which button you are pressing . the ring has a completely different feel and the ball can be guided with your fingers or the palm of your hand.if you like trackball mice you will love this one ! you will never go to a smaller ball again .
 This trackball is the best pointing device available on the market . Its large ball is easily and precisely moved with simple fingertip motions . Major buttons are easily activated under thumb or pinky , with two programmable buttons within easy reach . The scroll ring around the ball is very conveniently placed and a breeze to use
 I really like this trackball mouse . The trackball works really smooth and you can get the thing to be precise . The buttons are nice and big and you can just hit them without feeling like you need to get push on a specific part of the button . The wrist pad is kind of not so amazing however , works as intended and it does kind of raise the lower end of the trackball mouse -LRB- the part where you can see the words Kensington -RRB- however , the amount it is raised is not much and I barely notice it.However , as some of the negatives other reviewers have pointed out like noisy scroll wheel which I agree with . However , it is not that noisy and if you want to know how noisy it can be look at some of the youtube videos to get an idea . However , my biggest complaint is that the mouse software is terrible , my browser does not recognize the buttons if I set the top two buttons to act as forward or backward buttons . Overall you will either need to find a good 3rd party mouse software or just use the not so useful software.Overall great trackball mouse just has crappy software .
 I bought my first Kensington Expert mouse back in 95 , it made it to 2007 . In 2007 I bought a new one and paid like $ 119.00 for it and it 's still working , but I bought a new computer and just bought another one . with a 5 Year Limited Warranty how can you mess up ... I 'm sold for life on this trackball .
 This is a great trackball , but is a little intimidating at first - it is huge . I have been a trackball user for as long as I have been using computers and I have owned most of the different styles available - Logitech , Kensington . I like the wrist wrest cradle , this greatly cuts down on getting wrist cramps from prolonged use . I guess the feature I like the most on this trackball is the scroll ring . I have only ever used the bottom 2 buttons.The huge size does n't really do much for me one way or the other . Mainly the scroll ring is the feature that makes this my favorite trackball of all the ones I have owned . Kensington makes a smaller cheaper trackball - Orbit with scroll ring - that I would probably choose over this one if I had it to do over . Mainly because the large size and the 2 extra buttons do n't add any value for me and the Orbit with scroll ring is only $ 25 .
 I bought this as a replacement for an older Expert Trackball that I finally wore out . It is a nice upgrade .
 This is the second one of these units that I have owned . The first one lasted for almost 10 years ! The only problem I had with the new unit was the lack of drivers and support for Windows 7 64 . The software that came with the unit will not run properly on this OS . I had to download a different software , then install it under compatibility mode . -LRB- very cumbersome -RRB- Once I figured this out the unit works quite well .
 After some researching some trackballs , I decided to go with this and it was worth it . My wrist does n't hurt anymore and I have better control of my workflow.I did have to prop it up a bit since the ball is a little more elevated than I would like but it works just fine now .
 I had a roller ball mouse on my PC . Missed it so got this for my Mac Love it !
 My wife is a heavy mouse user and she has wrist problems . Had this for two years now and she loves it -- worth the cost , we had bought cheaper ones and they barely lasted a year .
 This is hands down the best tracking device I have ever used . The included wrist wrest is suck minus and broke as I was trying to detach it after 3 minutes of very uncomfortable use . I cut the gel wrist out of my old mouse pad , and it works perfectly . The tracking is perfectly on par with total awesomeness ... leave it at that . Its not much to look at , and the buttons sound hollow when clicked , but it works very well . The scroll wheel makes awful noise -LRB- like grinding metal on plastic -RRB- , but , again , it works very well.I will complain about the fact that it did n't sit evenly on my desk . I had to give it the old Sweet-n-Lo lift to make it stop rocking side to side . I plan on buying other feet for it and that should remedy it entirely.In spite of all the whining , its still awesome , and I can not believe I have been using computers since before the day of input devices and I had never used a trackball . Its just that good ... . buy one . I would not have paid full price for this , and so I am glad that Amazon had the rebate information to bring the total price to ~ $ 50 . I 've spent that much on my Logitech MX mice each in the past 5 years -LRB- 3 mice -RRB- . This thing is significantly better than those , and hopefully it will outlast the MX mice too . nuff said .
 I had a college ask me about getting a trackball because he was having pains in his hand from using the mouse . When I came here to talk about My Trackball , Amazon was nice enough to tell me that I have been using this thing since January 18 , 2006 , so I felt it was probably time to give my review.I am a computer programmer , and would say that I average about 8 hours a day -LRB- often more , it seems -RRB- , 5 days a week -LRB- again , often more -RRB- , and I have been using this trackball for almost 5 years.I absolutely love it ! I have never replaced any parts , and given the shape it is in , I would expect that I will be using it for the next decade without issue.I read a few of the other reviews here indicating that they think it is heavy , and there is excessive drag . I have never thought either of these things with my trackball , but perhaps that weight and drag they are mentioning is why I am able to be so precise with my movements and able to scroll across the width of both my monitors with a light flick of my wrist.My only caution to anyone considering buying this trackball is that you risk learning to hate the limitations of mice and other inferior products .
 I love this mouse . I have had problems in the past with pain in my wrist using a regular mouse . This is my second Kensington Mouse and I still love the comfort of using it . My wrist never bothers me using this.I would recommend this to anyone already having carpel tunnel problems , and wrist problems to ease the pain and not get worse and to anyone else that does n't have any problems yet , to start using this egonomic mouse to avoid any problems in the future .
 Now that they have Mouseworks , the mouse button control software , programed for Vista this is a great trackball .
 This product has worked far better than expected . Some have complained about problems using the scrolling wheel . I had no such problems . I think the secret is that you do n't have to make one full rotation on the wheel with you finger but several very small strokes will do the job just fine . I hope this is helpful information .
 I 've used a Kensington track ball for over 12 yrs . and they have always outperformed any type of conventional mouse . Now this newer design even outperforms their old design . It 's just a little pricy but anything worth having is worth paying for . I would n't use anything else and highly recommend it.hydeaway
 This product is just absolutly amazing . I have always been a fan of Kensington trackballs and have owned older version of the Expert Mouse pro . I have owner the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical for probably close to 5 years now and ca n't live without it . My recent purchase was for my wife who was looking for a new mouse and she 's quite ahppy with it . In fact I have let people borrow this mouse at work when I go away on vacation and so far everyone who has borrowed it for just a week went out and bought one -LRB- or two -RRB- when I returned because they did n't want to be without it . The scroll wheel is such a great feature that is difficult to explain just how wonderful it is , and the Kensington Mouseworks software has some great features that can save a ton of time.My last comment is on the company it self . I did unfortunatly have a couple problems with old Kensingotn products where they would stop tracking left or right however their warrenty service is great , little questions asked and they shipped a new device right to me , with a return label for the defective deivce.Final Statement
 I have been using kensington trackballs for years , and this is one of the best . It is true that the kensington software does not work well , which is why I use microsoft intellimouse software . What a surprise , MS sells a trackball and mouse which works better than the competition on the MS operating system . I wonder if MS perfers it that way . Well , MS would never do anything underhanded . And , I have a large bridge for sale , if you believe that.And , it is true that the scroll wheel is not very smooth . So just use the double button click which turn the ball into a scroll control . The ball is very smooth.I love these things , despite the required workarrounds to get the best out of them . And , I agree , I think kensington has thier heads where the sun does not shine when it comes to marketing and support of these superior products.But , just use the MS intellimouse software , most recent version and this will work with any MS operating system . Have not tried Linux , but suspect the same is true , because it will work on MS , and the same hardware commands are used on Linux.Good luckRay E
 Solid build , though still plastic.Four buttons ; works on XP even without drivers.USB + PS/2 adaptorBig optical trackball , but too bad dirt still ends up on the ball mounts.There is no ` drain ' at the bottom either , unlike some logitech models , so a little maintenance required.Might be a bit too big tho , so it 's best for the desk top.Includes a rubber wrist rest .
 I bought this for my Mac Pro desk top . It works great , and does everything it is supposed to . If I have one complaint , it is that the trackball is angled too steeply for me . What I mean is that with my palm on the desk and my fingers moving the ball , the angle that my wrist is in is a bit uncomfortable . Of course it comes with a pad to rest your hand on so that the wrist angle will not be so great . The trouble is , I sometimes sit back and have the trackball on my lap , and the wrist pad falls off . I guess you ca n't have everything , but I had hoped to . I am glad I purchased it .
 I have been using this trackball or variations thereof for about 12 years . My old one just had some wire issues and so I needed a new one . There was no doubt in my mind that the new one was going to be the same thing . You could not get the mouse away from me and I am going to be upset that I will be without it until the new one arrives . I am excited that the new one will be optical because I have a lot of cat hair problems and I have to keep taking it apart . That is what happened to the old one - took it apart just too many times to clean it . This is a great product .
 Anyone who is on the computer all day , everyday , or even just some days ... in any capacity , can benefit from this fantastic mouse . This is my second -LRB- it is smoother and more ergonomic than its previous incarnation -RRB- and it is money well spent . Tricky to navigate at first , usually taking a few minutes of use , but once I got the hang of it -LRB- facile -RRB- I would never want to use a conventional mouse again.I highly recommend this and am positive that once using it , you will be converted too .
 Heh , yesterday I spilled some tea on it , and now the scroll ring does n't work ... I was gon na try a Logitech , but the fact is this trackball is wonderful.I first purchased this because I was getting tired with the mouse . It took me about two weeks to fully get accostumed to it , and now I 'm better with the trackball than with the mouse -LRB- except when straight pixel precision is needed , but I 'm getting there -RRB- . So , instead of trying another trackball which I might not love , I 'm going to purchase another Kensington . Here are the pros :1 -RRB- Very confortable2 -RRB- Huge ball , which I use from time to time for some hand relaxation -LRB- grabbing and moving it between my fingers , massaging my palms , etc. -RRB- , hehe3 -RRB- Very easy to clean . You just take out the ball and with your fingers you can clean the grime that builds up on the tiny bearings -LRB- not hard at all -RRB- 4 -RRB- The scroll ring is extremelly comfortable . I ca n't imagine using a wheel with a trackball -LRB- although I do miss the Logitech 's Revolution MX amazing wheel -RRB- 5 -RRB- Four huge buttons , very easy to press . The two top ones are n't so comfortable to use but I do n't use them oftenCons :1 -RRB- Apart from the small issue with the top two buttons , none . Well , I found out it 's not spill-proof : DExpert trackballers and die-hard mouse users alike , you ca n't go wrong with this trackball , so give it a try .
 There is nothing about this trackball that merits anything other than a perfect rating . I have been using this mouse and its predecessors for years . It is smooth , sensitive , comfortable ... pretty much perfect . I can not recommend it strongly enough.Added 13 March 2012
 I get carpal tunnel easily . It can come on in an hour if I 'm using my mouse or laptop incorrectly . This trackball has eliminated that concern for me - and a lot of pain . You must still pay attention to adequate arm extension and use the wrist rest properly , but this is a great product . I do photoshop with this and have gotten pretty good results w/o having to pick up my graphic tablet .
 The headline describes my feeling . I have used mice from Apple , Microsoft , Logitech , Kensington , MacAlly , and other firms . This tops them all . Most people use mice because that 's what comes with their PC or Mac . There is something better . It 's called an Expert Mouse . And it 's a trackball from Kensington . It 's much better for your wrist , your arm , and your hand than a conventional mouse.Where the Expert Mouse Trackball really shines is its quality , its ability to customize the buttons , and the size of its ball . I 'm running the Kensington software -LRB- called MouseWorks -RRB- on a Mac running Snow Leopard -LRB- OS 10.6.1 -RRB- and the ability to customize the trackball is outstanding . The scroll wheel surrounding the ball shines . It sure beats a scroll wheel on a mouse.I 'm convinced that thousands of folks would eventually purchase this or another fine trackball if they were given the chance . But many folks stick with mice because they do n't know any better . I have used mice -LRB- using both Macs and PCs -RRB- all my life and have recently converted to Kensington 's Expert Mouse Trackball . Is there bit of a learning curve ? Yes . Does it take a little bit of time to learn how to customize the unit ? Yes.But your hands , wrist and arms will thank you . I find that I 'm more productive , the slight pain in my wrist after many hours of using a mouse is gone , and this is the best input device I 've ever connected to a computer . What is truly amazing -LRB- after talking to many folks and reading Amazon.com reviews -RRB- is that once folks begin using a trackball , they rarely go back to a mouse . When I 'm forced to use a mouse on someone 's computer -LRB- as I work as a computer consultant -RRB- , it 's as if I 've gone back in time.I finally switched after a friend was good enough to loan me her Expert Mouse Trackball for a week . -LRB- This is also a common occurrence among folks discovering trackballs for the first time -RRB- . It just felt better . If ever there was a winner , this is it . I do believe I 'm a convert . No more mice .
 I tried it for myself before giving it to my elderly mom and it is a keeper . If she does not like it I will use it . If she keeps it I may have to get a second for myself.Navigation with the nicely solid ball is easy and feels very natural . It provides a nice change of position and motion after using various mice at work all day and seems more restful to the wrist.I love the ring around the ball that lets me scroll up and down -LRB- acts just like the wheel on a MSFT mouse but does not have the click function -RRB- . The bottom buttons are ideally placed for my hand for easy mouse clicks . I have not tried programming the top buttons yet but clicking one is like a double click on the regular button - a shortcut I think my mom will like.The wrist rest is not as high as I would like , and is a bit hard . I may have to add a thin gel pad eventually , but it is still very helpful as is , and I will give it some time before making any changes.My only gripe is that the scroll ring makes a slight rubbing -LRB- plastic on plastic -RRB- noise when I move it fast . It is a small price to pay for being able to give it one whirl and go top to bottom on a long web page that used to take several turns of the mouse wheel.Finally , when I ordered it Amazon had it showing at one price , but when I checked late that night the price had dropped about $ 9 . I sent feedback to customer service -LRB- not so easy to find but doable -RRB- and my invoice showed the lower price when I checked today . The product also arrived in less than a week with free shipping . So I am very happy with Amazon service . : -RRB-
 Without a doubt , this is the best trackball I 've ever used . Being able to assign specific tasks or typing to different to all 4 buttons is simply the best time saving feature ever . The trackball is comfortable , the ball is plenty large and easy to use . I have used a Kensington Trackball for as long as I can remember on my desktop computer . I use a Logitech with my laptop , only wish it had the same button assignment capabilities as the Kensington .
 I 've been using Kensington trackballs since 1993 , and have never looked back . My last one was the Expert Mouse Pro , and I absolutely loved it -- except when dog hair or other junk got in it . Then it was a mild annoyance 'til I blew the junk out , or wiped down the ball ; otherwise it was a superior product , and lasted me at least 9 years.When this year 's birthday rolled around , the family asked me what I wanted -LRB- knowing better than to buy something like this sight unseen -RRB- , and I started my research , which included going into the local Fry 's Electronics and getting this and the Blade unpacked and set up so I could test them -LRB- not connected to a machine , but at least on the desk -RRB- , and the 64325 really impressed me . Yes , the scroll ring could be described as `` feeling cheesy '' , but I prefer its action over that of the Blade ; plus , the issues with key assignments and scroll control turned me off the Blade.So I pulled the trigger.It 's an excellent trackball . The ball is almost silky smooth , and gets better daily . The position is just fine for how I set up my desk and keyboard , so I have no issues there . I 'm also a gamer , and just like its older brother , it 's fast , accurate , and easy to use within the games.My only beef is not with the trackball itself , but with Kensington , for not making Vista x64 drivers -- or any Vista drivers , for that matter . This has forced me to find alternative solutions via Google that are quite simply kludges , and not perfectly executed . If Kensington did n't have this part of the market cornered , or if someone else had a similar trackball , I would 've gone to them if they had the drivers I needed . I feel that Kensington made a grave mistake in not writing drivers for Vista -LRB- or any other future version of ANY OS -RRB- for the older trackballs . Hence why my rating is only a 4 , and not a 5 . Other than that , this is an awesome product , one I heartily recommend ... if you use Windows XP or below . Though , the kludge does work -LRB- except for a slightly annoying screen jump once in while after scrolling -RRB- , so if Vista and Win7 users want this , by all means do it
 This is a very nice trackball . Smooth as can be . Ive had mine for almost 3 years without a problem . If you like trackballs and need a new one , or are totally unfamiliar them its a great start its worth every penny . Just buy this one you 'll enjoy it very much .
 I 've had this trackball for 3 years now and it is still working like new . The ball was stiff when I first got it , but that went away after a day or so of use.Look for the instructions left by `` Eric G '' in these comments as they make the scroll ring much nicer . I modded my 3 year old model just now by removing the magnet -LRB- held in by a springy piece of plastic with a post on it going through a hole in the magnet 's center -RRB- and lubing the ring mechanism from the rear with `` TDL Dry Lube '' from the hardware store - TDL works really good on vertical blind mechanisms BTW -RRB- . I first removed the left plastic button assembly -LRB- 3 screws -RRB- in order to more easily remove the cup assembly -LRB- 2 screws -RRB- . I wish I had modded it when I first got it.I also just removed the wrist rest - it was getting loose anyway -LRB- pad kept falling off of the plastic bridge piece -RRB- and it was causing a sore spot on my wrist . The desk seems like a better rest for now , though I keep feeling around with my wrist for the missing pad to locate the trackball - old habits ... This is the best and most durable trackball I 've ever owned , and I 've owned a ton of them over the years . Mechanical ones die very quickly if the bearings and rotors are n't hardened steel , optical is really the only way to go . Now if they could only put trackballs back in laptops I might consider buying one - touchpads and that stupid IBM rubber eraser tip thing drive me crazy!If I could , the only thing I 'd change about it is the angle - I 'd rather rest my hand on the trackball case and have the ball itself located more forward . The angle my wrist takes when I use it is slightly uncomfortable .
 Ok , so the old Kensington ball bearing track ball had a pretty cool feel . But this mouse keeps the important elements
 I love the smoothness and precision of this mouse . It 's the best I 've ever used . One star off , since I 'd prefer a slightly smaller version for those of us without giant hands .
 This is a wonderfully tactile device and is a pleasure to use , even on Vista once you discover the trick to getting the software installed and working correctly :1 . Download and extract the Kensington Mouseworks software , or copy to a temp directory if you have the CD2 . Find setup.exe , right-click and choose properties3 . Go to the Compatibility tab and click on `` Run this program in compatibility mode for : '' and select Windows XP -LRB- Service Pack 2 -RRB- .4 . Click the ok button to finish and exit5 . Now , right click on setup.exe again , and this time choose `` Run as administrator '' and the installation should progress as normal .6 . Once complete -LRB- and after a possible Vista reboot -RRB- , go to the mouse settings under control panel and you can configure all the custom functionality.And that 's it ! You should now have the world 's best trackball working on the world 's worst operating system .
 I 've owned previous models of the Expert Mouse , and now this one . Let me just try to correct a few points that have been previous mentioned :1 -RRB- The trackball needs OIL!Ok , when you first get it , it 's rough , they say wait 2hrs and it 's ok , or oil it . Neither are necessary . Just take the ball and rub it in your hands for 2 min . The oils from your hand are all that are necessary to have it running blissfully smoothly right out of the gate .2 -RRB- The scroll wheel is loud and `` clunky '' , to sum up the majority of reviews in one wordWhile the scroll wheel could be better , and does make some noise , it 's not so obnoxiousness as some reviews make it sound , and the feel of it is about right . The relative tension is about right , and the overall feel of it on your fingers is good . Could they make it better ? Heck yeh ! But it 's still phenomenal in comparison to anything else on the market .3 -RRB- The included wrist pad is uselessI thought this was the case after reading the reviews so I did n't even bother with it . But whoever said that is nuts , the trackball and scroll ball are perfectly usable with the relatively comfortable wrist pad , and it reduces the bend in your wrist , which is a big ergonomics ' + ' . Ergonomics being the # 1 greatest feature of this trackball.OVERALL REVIEW : Could it be better ? Sure , but it 's head over heals better than anything else on the market . After being a repeat customer of multiple versions of this pointing device , I 'd pay up to about $ 300 for it . # 1 feature
 I 've utilized a Kensington trackball for more than twenty years , and was dismayed when generation 3 -LRB- or 4 ? -RRB- ceased working with an upgrade to the `` Lion '' OS . Thinking it best to continue with the trusty Kensington line , I ordered this item -LRB- though its description did n't specifically say that it would work in `` Lion '' -RRB- . The product has certainly lived up to my expectations and DOES work fine with `` Lion . '' It now has a leather-ish wrist support pad that undoubtedly helps the ergonomics ... a good idea for serious users . The unit 's separately-installed software controls are now appear on the bottom line of `` system preferences . '' The unit 's controls feel solid and quickly become transparent to a user ... which is exactly what one wants in an item of this sort .
 If you use a trackball , it is very important that you use it while hovering your whole arm . Your fingers should be the only part of your arm touching anything . It 's important to keep in mind that improper use of a trackball could be just as bad , or worse , than using your normal mouse.The physical ball itself needs 2-3 days of normal use to fully break in , so give it some time . After it does , though , it 's super smooth . Be sure to swipe away the dust that accumulates on the ball bearings if it starts to feel stiff.It also helps to use a lower mouse sensitivity than you normally use ... when I first started using this trackball I had a hard time with precise movements -LRB- like copy and pasting text -RRB- , but that really helped .
 I used the same Kensignton Trackball from around 1990 until it finally died just this year . My replacement operated well for the first few months , but seemed to be made of materials that interacted with the oil in my skin , causing the ball to drag against the three support pegs . My complaint to Kensington resulted in a brand new unit from their shop , no charge , that has been working exceptionally well since I received it . I 've never had better customer support , and applaud Kensignton for their fine product , without which my work in the aerospace industry -LRB- engineering artist -RRB- would not be nearly so much fun .
 Smooth , slick as a wink . comfortable to use and very precise . Large enough to be comfortable with those who have big hands . Small enough that it does n't take up the entire desk space . And thank goodness it frees one from moving the hand all over the desk and wondering why the cursor wo n't go any further when you get near the edge of the desk . Kensington has continued to produce exceedingly high quality peripherals !!
 I 'm a graphic designer and I have been using Kensington trackballs for many , many years . I 've never found another trackball -LRB- even others that Kensington makes -RRB- that measures up to the Expert Mouse in terms of hand and arm comfort , precision cursor movement and features . I do n't even consider competitors ' products anymore.This latest model has some nice new features for getting around the screen and web pages , and the color looks great with my MacPro .
 I 'm a software developer whose wrists have been damaged by 20 years of mousing . I 've long loved the ergonomics of these wide-body Kensington trackballs . They are comfortable , work for either hand -LRB- I switch off -RRB- , and very configurable . The optical version -LRB- this one -RRB- is very reliable ; the mechanical versions have historically only lasted me a year or so.My one major objection is Kensington 's accompanying software
 We have had several different trackballs . This `` Expert Mouse '' trackball is the best ever . We now have three.The large ball facilitates detail work . The scroll ring , located around the ball , makes it unnecessary to reposition your fingers to scroll . The large ball , the ring , and the 4 large `` buttons '' make the trackball flexible enough to suit everybody.When the trackball first arrives , the motion of the ball is not fluid . After a few uses , it becomes almost frictionless.The wrist rest is not good . We have rests that span our keyboard shelves , so the hand can easily slide over to the trackball.The big problem with this device is that everybody in the family will want one , and it is n't cheap . It is worth the money , however . Grit your teeth and buy it .
 I bought this primarily because of other reviewers saying that it was easier on the hand and arm than a mouse . After using it for month , I would agree 100 % with this . I find that I can be more precise in moving around the screen as well as quicker . I have a 20 '' iMac and I can zip across the screen much easier than with my mouse.I agree somewhat with other reviewers who have said that the scroll ring felt clunky and cheap . Although mine rotates smoothly , it does feel a little bit `` cheap '' in comparison to the ball mechanism and the buttons . If they improved this piece , I would give it 5 stars.No problems to report with the Kensington software running under Mac OSX 10.4.2 .
 I bought this expert mouse after testing two other products . First one being Logitech Marble Mouse , which was quite small for my hand . My hand felt squeezed using it . Because of how the buttons are arranged , it just shifted the pain to a different area . I liked the way it functioned , thoughSecond one is the Kensington Orbit mouse . The buttons on this mouse are laid out wider than on the Logitech mouse , but for me they felt little too wide and the buttons are a little bit tighter than the this expert mouse or the Logitech marble mouse . The same thing happened with this , pain has found a new home . The other thing I did n't like about this is the lack of separate scroll button . The Kensington MouseWare software tries to supplement it , but is n't sufficient . It just did n't work for me.Then I upgraded to this Expert mouse . I should say , the pain is completely gone . The buttons are not very tight . The scroll ring is very nice -LRB- except for the scratchy noise and feel -RRB- . The 4 buttons can be customized to do a variety of things . The wrist rest supplied is quite good . The wrist rest can be hooked up to the mouse so that it moves along with the mouse . The ball rolls quite smoothly . The precision is not very much different from a normal mouse . The ball hold points need to be cleaned once or twice a week else the ball movement feels jumpy/sticky . All in all it is a great mouse . It might take a little bit of getting used to -LRB- May be a couple of days -RRB- . I do recommend this mouse to anyone experiencing pain in the fingers or fore hand . But , I would suggest to try out couple different options . Depending on the size and shape of the hand , you may need a different mouse . Also how you sit in the chair plays a role in choosing the right product for you.Do I still miss my regular mouse ? Yes , I do . I just like the feel of a regular mouse .
 I 've used Kensington Expert Trackballs for many years , after upgrading from Logitech trackballs . My previous Kensington recently died after 8 -LRB- ? -RRB- years of great performance.On this model , Amazon beat most brick and mortar store prices by about $ 20 + , plus free shipping and no tax . It arrived ontime.The installation on a Dell desktop running XP took about 2 minutes . I plugged the USB cable into the PC and was immediately recognized . I downloaded current drivers from the Kensington site , adjusted the settings and started using it . I find the feel comparable to my earlier versions , plus it comes with the ergonomic pad . I 've read the other reviews and do n't really understand the gripes.One thing to be aware of is that the Mouseworks driver appears to have some incompatibility with the Firefox browser . Not sure which is the culprit . After each Firefox launch I have to reset the pointer acceleration and the snap-to setting . Plus Firefox does not recognize the scroll function ; it shows the scroll icon on the screen after chording , but neither the ring nor the ball activate scrolling . I believe the problem is with Firefox since scrolling works in IE and I have no reset problems . Inconvenient , but not sure if this is a Kensington problem per se . I e-mailed them to ask , got a prompt response to install the default driver rather than the newer Beta version , but that did n't work either . -LRB- Aside
 I 'm not sure what the few unsatisfied reviewers found wrong with this product , but I 'm glad I decided to take a chance . I agree with the majority ; it is everything I remembered and loved about the Turbo Mouse . The scroll wheel is an awesome design addition , too ! Just be patient and give your computer a minute or two to figure out what you just plugged in -LRB- I think it took my slow machine about three -RRB- . Thank you to the vast majority who took the time to provide positive feedback . I 'm very excited to have a track ball again !!
 Almost every day I work for hours using a Computer Aided Design program , and over the years have found the Kensington Expert Trackball to be an indispensible labor -LRB- and arm -RRB- saving device . You get so much with so little movement ! I was looking to buy a new one.I had misgivings about this product after reading some `` Worse than Bad '' reviews that were in this forum . Still , either because hope springs eternal or a fool and his money are soon parted , I went ahead and ordered one.Out of the box ball rotation was _ The Worst _ as others had said . I had deadlines , however , so decided to use it to see if anything would improve . Two hours later it had `` broken in '' . Trackball Wizards , my number five is on the trophy shelf . The Seven is AAMMAAZZIINNGG . Totally silent movement ; virtually frictionless rotation ; excellent functionality , and it has GOT to have one of the most eloquent designs of any input device on the market.As an added bonus the scroll ring beats any scroll wheel I have used , anywhere.Congratulations to Kensington for creating a truly superior product .
 This is a superior alternative to the silver and blue USB model by Kensington with the awkwardly placed scrollwheel . Kensington brings back their award-winning classic design , adds a scroll wheel around the ball -LRB- programmable for lefties or righties ! -RRB- , a free attachable wristpad and all using optics - no more skin , hair and potato chip crumbs getting stuck in scroll wheels ... it 's all done using light.My less than perfect rating is for the less-than-fluid turning of the scroll wheel . It sometimes feels like you 're grinding coffee when you 're turning it . Sometimes it 's smooth like butter , other times , it seems to skip a little ... and it 's not due to debris , since it 's been like this since I got it out of the box.This is something Kensington needs to iron out in their next model.Despite this one flaw , this is simply the best their is and there 's a good reason why this mouse flies off the shelves at nearly 100 bucks a pop - it 's because it 's the best input device alternative to a mouse - ever - anywhere.Do your wrist a favor and treat yourself to navigating in joy .
 I got this trackball because of wrist pains in my mouse hand . I will give my complete unbiased review here.First , it is very pretty . The buttons are nice looking and easily clicked . The ball is a nice size.The trackball comes with a wrist rest , however it is not comfortable if you use your fingertips to move the ball . In fact , the Kensington documentation states that your hand should `` hover '' when using your fingertips to move the ball . The reason is , when you move the ball towards you , your fingers have to bend and your wrist bends upwards . In order to keep your wrist straight , you have to hover your palm over the wrist rest . So why did they include a wrist rest?The only other configuration possible is to rest the blade of your hand , pinky side down , on the wrist rest and use your thumb to move the ball . This position feels good , however I found I am much less accurate with my thumb . Also if you have any thumb pain , this position is not feasible.The scroll ring is a very nice feature . However , as everyone else has found , it sounds like it has sand in it when rotated . I took it apart and lubed it with a plastic safe grease . Even though I worked the grease into the mechanism , the plastic bearings still make the grinding sound while saturated in grease . I ca n't get to them to see if they can be replaced without breaking the plastic , which has been melted closed.The ball was stiff out of the box . The ball sits on three very tiny red balls , which act as bearings . Remove the ball and put a small dab of grease on these bearings , replace the ball and spin it , then remove the ball and clean it . Clean up all the lube from the bearings so they do n't get the ball greasy . Then ball is then VERY smooth , with none of the `` static friction '' that is mentioned in other reviews . The grease to use is Radio Shack Multi-Purpose Lube Gel item # 64-2326 . Any plastic safe , non-evaporating lube should work.I imagine after a few hours of use the ball would also become `` broken in '' and loose , but probably still not as good as with the lube.After two days of use , two of the three small plastic cups that hold the little red ball bearings for the main ball broke . It seems the only way for this to happen would be if I dropped the ball in the socket very hard , which I did NOT do . The little cups do seem that the are easily broken , though I have not read anyone else having this same problem , so it could be an isolated incident . I have contacted Kensington for a replacement . I hope they can help . If I can keep my broken trackball , I will take apart the scroll ring bearings and see if it can be improved.The drivers for the device are superb , although the user interface is sometimes awkward . You can set actions for each of the four buttons or when you press the top two or bottom two at the same time . Further , you can have it do different actions when any of those buttons are pressed with ctrl , alt , shift , or any combination of the three.The actions you can take are extensive . You can run an application , simulate a series of key presses , paste some text , close applications , show a customizable menu , maximize windows , etc. . Good job Kensington!The acceleration settings are very important . The trackball has to be accurate for small movements , yet you should n't have to paw at the thing to move the cursor across the whole screen . This can not be accomplished using any combination of the `` fine tuning '' controls the driver provides . The acceleration curve they allow you to create is much too linear.Fortunately there is still hope . On Windows , in your user 's home directory , look in Application Data \ Kensington \ MouseWorks . You will find a KMW_Preferences.xml file . Edit this file with a text editor and you can define your own acceleration curve . To do so , under `` Acceleration '' set the `` Level '' to 1 , then modify the numbers of the first `` Multipliers '' entry . I found 1 , 3 , 4 , 5 , 6 , 8 , 13 , 20 , 26 , 36 , 90 , 90 to work exactly like I want . After editing and saving the file , run the kmw_prb_xml.exe file in your MouseWorks installation directory . This will causes your changes to the XML file to be applied . Then if you go to the acceleration page in the driver , you will see your custom acceleration curve on their little graph!With my custom acceleration curve I can accurately make small movements for clicking links , menu items , and expanding folders while navigating a filesystem . Also , I can travel the whole screen height with just one movement of the trackball . Perfect ! Kudos to Kensington for allowing the preferences file to be customized so easily and for providing such great options for configuring the button presses.The device had a lot of potential . If Kensington would make the scroll ring silky smooth and make the little red ball bearings more durable , the product would be amazing . As it is now , the scroll ring is cheap feeling and annoying , but it is a great feature to have . A scratchy scroll ring is better than none and it can be lived with.The durability of the bearings is still a question I have . I hope to find a positive response from Kensington regarding my replacement inquiry and hopefully the next one I get wo n't break.The only other negative aspect is the wrist rest is useless for 80 % + of people who will use the trackball with their fingertips . In fact it is better to not attach the rest because you will find yourself using it , putting your wrist in a bent position.It would be great to have a trackball that could be used with the fingertips and had a rest for the wrist . To see what I mean , detach the wrist rest that comes with the Expert Mouse . Put a book under the rest and use it that way . Pretty comfy huh?In all , it is a good device . If my suggestions are fixed in the next version , it would be a KILLER device . Granted , I do n't think there is another trackball as good as this one , but that does n't mean this one should not be improved . As is , it is a bit overpriced . The ball , buttons , and plastics are nice , but the scroll ring and bearings do n't have the quality of a $ 100 device . A more realistic price would be $ 45 - $ 50 . I see it can currently be found for $ 60 from Amazon after a mail in rebate , so that is an ok buy.Please Kensington , please fix the problems above and provide us with the BEST mouse replacement the world has ever seen!UPDATE
 After much shopping and debate , I bought this Kensington executive trackball -- I know , it 's much more expensive than the others . But this expense is justified -- espcially if you 're having physical pain from the ergonomy -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- of your workstation.I 've tried dozens , yes dozens of input devices because I spend 12 hours per day on the computer . There is no product superior to this one . The price is justified.No other track ball will give you the 4 button programmability -LRB- which I do n't use -- There 's setup fine right out of the box -RRB- . You also get a perfectly designed wrist , pad wrest -LRB- that even covers the Kensington logo , so you do n't have to stare at some marketing jerks bright idea -RRB- . Modest . But the sin qua non , is the scroll ring . I could n't find any other trackball that had it and it IS an indespensible tool.In the first 5 minutes you use the trackball , it seems `` slippery '' . But literally within 5 minutes of normal use , it becomes intuitive to your touch . I use a dual monitor setup , so I have to make sweeping mouse moves across two screens . I can do this easily without repositioning my hand on the ball . The buttons are very large and ideally places -LRB- for either left or right handers -RRB- . It even comes with an ergonimics guide to help you setup your workspace to minimize joint stress . I also had fits with my mouse being difficult to control or to get into just the right spot for clicking on a small target . Without even loading the software disk that came with , this trackball moves the mouse perfectly -- accurate , smooth . It is an optical reader , so I do n't understand the other complaints about it needing daily cleaning . I 'll check back to let you know if I find it a problem . But it may be a case of someone surfing porn with sweaty palms . It 's otherwise hard to imagine a problem like that.Anyway , I not much of a product reviewer -LRB- and at my age , I 'm very difficult to impress -RRB- . But this is clearly one of those few times , when I got what I paid for -LRB- and perhaps , a little more -RRB- .
 After developing some pain in my wrist and forearm , I began to re-explore using a trackball . I was an avid trackball fan , but when my last trackball -LRB- an old MS trackball , since discontinued -RRB- gave up the ghost I went back to standard mice , using primarily MS Explorer Mouse.I checked out the MS Intellipoint trackball , but did not like the layout or the cheap look to it . I did end up purchasing the Logitech Trackman wheel mouse , but after a few days just could n't get comfortable using a thumb based trackball . So I took the plunge and purchased the Kensington Expert Optical Trackball . It was love at first use!The trackball is a very decent size , just about the size of a billiard ball . The action of the ball is smooth as silk and easy to control with just the finger tips . Four buttons are on the unit and the right and left click buttons are conveniently assigned to the lower 2 buttons , making a mouse click a thumb press away -LRB- although the Kensington software will let you re-assign the buttons to your own preference -RRB- . The scroll wheell around the trackball is just brilliant . The wheel seems to have slight detents when scrolled , it think leading the `` scratchy '' comments that have been made . However , the slight resistance of the scroll wheel is n't that bad and I 've found has led to slightly more precise scrolling - instead of encountering a free spinning wheel that 's difficult to be accurate with . Concerning some of the comments that you ca n't turn the scroll wheel without moving the mouse , I 've yet to encounter that . I tend to use the scroll wheel from the side so I 've not experienced moving the mouse while scrolling.As for the comments that the unit appears `` cheaply '' made , well all I can say is my unit has a very solid and satifying appearance , with all buttons working perfectly.All said , this is probably one of the finest trackball mice I 've used and well worth the money .
 This is a MUST have for all who uses computers more than 8 hours a day , and for all who suffer Carpal Tunnel Syndrome -LRB- CTS -RRB- . It takes a little time to get adjusted learning the buttons , but the benefit of using the trackball vs the mouse has a tremendous effect on my wrist movement . It helped alleviate the pain in my wrist so I can continue on with my computer .
 As a graphic designer , the trackball has helped to make my daily computer activity a more enjoyable experience . When using a mouse during a work day my shoulder continually hurt , but since I began using the trackball - I have not had shoulder pains .
 I have had problems with carpal tunnel . This mouse is unbelievable ! Not only is it easy to use , it 's a dream !!! Forget about the other reviewers that say the ball and ring are rough . My Expert Optical Trackball Mouse , out of the box , was smooth and accurate . It is a bit on the big size ... . but it stays put on your desk , so you do n't need much room . As for the wrist support ... it is cleaverly designed and eliminates wrist pain for me . I was n't happy with the price , but after using this mouse , I would happily have paid MORE for it . In the past year , I 've thrown away two Logitec optical wireless mice because they just gave out . I think I will enjoy the Kensington Expert Optical Trackball Mouse for many years to come ! Great quality and a fabulous product ! 11/5/2007 Still using this wonderful mouse ! Definitely worth the money and continues to work smooth .
 Recently , I upgraded to this optical version of expert trackball . Just like other reviewers ' experience , the trackball was not smooth at all right out of the box . Yet , instead of trying to let it break-in after a couple of hours ' usage , I took the ball out and rolled it between my hands for a minute . Then I put it back into its place . And it 's as smooth as the old mechanic Kensington trackball I was used to . It 's that simple .
 Fresh out of the box , the action of the ball was not as smooth as my old Kensington Turbo Mouse -LRB- I have both versions 3 & 4 -RRB- . The old ones have large stainless steel rollers which provided the smoothest action I had experienced . When I looked inside the new Expert Trackball I was surprised to find not rollers , but just three `` frictionless '' contact points supporting the ball . I could n't imagine that these would ever provide the effortless action of the old models . But within a couple of hours of light use , the bearing surfaces must have achieved break-in , because it is now incredibly smooth -- far better than the old ones.As others have noted , the action of the scroll ring is not so smooth . It 's wonderful to have it there , way better than a little scroll wheel . However , the rough feel seems oddly incongruous with the quality of the rest of the device.Kensington MouseWorks is very well done , allowing easy programming of all functions . In Mac OS X it appears in the System Preferences.If you have trouble with arm or wrist pain from using a normal mouse , this is well worth the cost . I keep it to the left of my keyboard , to give my right wrist a needed rest . I have an Evoluent Vertical Mouse on the right for times when the trackball is not the optimal input device . Together they allow all day pain free computing.Sometimes I have to plug it in a couple of times before the driver software kicks in . Not sure what that 's all about yet .
 I love this trackball . I have been using various flavors of the Expert Mouse and for years have been wishing for Kensington to add a scroll wheel and an optical version . In the last iteration of the Expert Mouse we got the scroll wheel - although it was a bit awkward to use . The scroll `` ring '' is much better ! Actually , they tried the ring concept on another version of trackball but it was lousy . Despite other 's gripes about the scroll ring , I think this one is a dream once you get used to it . Also it did take a few days after I bought it to smooth out the operation of the trackball itself . Because it does n't need the metal bearings -LRB- like skateboard bearings -RRB- that the trackball used to rides on , it now sits on 3 small ball bearings that , admittedly , does take some breaking in . I have been using mine for over a year now though and it works flawlessly . While the previous mechanical versions of this trackball seem get worse over time , this one has just gotten better . As always , the Mouseworks software drivers that come with the trackball is great . I have no problems getting the precision I need in Photoshop and Illustrator and I am able to fly across both my screens -LRB- in a dual-monitor setup -RRB- with the flick of a finger . I also love this trackball for playing video games . While others are click-drag-lift-down-drag-lift-down-dragging , I just click-spin-spin-spin . And doing quick 180s to check your backside is as simple as a flick of a digit .
 My doctor recommended that I use a trackball after my arms and wrists became inflamed from CT. . It took a very brief time to adjust of course . I 've become very used to the scroll ring around the ball , as well as the four programmable buttons situated at the four ` corners ' of the ball . My hands and arms can withstand hours of work on this trackball . In short , I 'm very pleased with the purchase and would recommend it to anyone .
 This is thebest trackball available -LRB- except I wish the scroll ring operated more smoothly -RRB- , backed up by terrific software . Unless you absolutely need the more expensive wireless version , by the one with the wire . Reason
 This is most likely the best trackball you 'll ever get . It 's ultra-smooth and very customizable . The scroll wheel is awesome ! However , if you 're picky and would like to modify your input devices -LRB- to add infrared buttons ... extra springs . . etc -RRB- , this device will not make your life easy because it ca n't be disassembled easily . It 's nevertheless the best input device I 've seen so far .
 I have never been disappointed with Kensington products and did not hesitate when the need for a product for my Mac arose .
 I actually used a Kensington trackball to find this item on amazon.com . My brother brought his during his visit , plugged it into my Mac , and I was up and running ! Wow ! I thought trackballs were a thing of history . I love trackballs ... great for the wrist , shoulder , and excellent for desks with little space for mouse movement . I love the USB plugin -LRB- I ca n't stand bluetooth mice ... I have one , and tossed it the day I got this Mac -RRB- . Super comfortable to use ... though I 'll have to ask where my brother got the attached wrist pad which makes it all that much better . I have some learning to do with the buttons , but since I 've used trackballs before , I kind of jumped into using this one with ease . OH ... and I 'm happy to let you know , on amazon.com I 'm saving $ 30 + dollars using Prime !
 i have for almost 20 year been a logitech user . i guess that is done . i have replaced 2 marble mice over this.they are not compatible with win 7 i use double click , logitech chose to NOT update the software . the kensingtom track ball is comfortable , easy to use , and the scroll wheel works well . i am most happy , actually delighted
 I do n't often use a mouse -LRB- trackpad usually for me -RRB- but for Protools use , I like this mouse a lot . It 's easy on your hand and wrist for long usuage .
 I moved away from mice many years ago and love trackballs with the thumb operated ball . I am really good with my thumb . So good , in fact , that I have developed a trigger knuckle on my thumb joint.I got the Kensington to give my thumb a break and avoid the carpal tunnel common with mice.It 's different than what I am used to and takes a little to get to the accuracy level I 've had with the other type of trackball.The software works well . The scrolling wheel work . well . And it IS very comfortable . 4 stars instead of 5 because of the price .
 It 's exactly the one I wanted , have used the same for years . Do n't understand why people use mousies & have to move their hand and arm around . They just do n't get it . I would use nothing else but this trackball .
 We 've used the Kensington Expert Mouse for years and really like it . We recommend it to all . Buy one for yourself .
 The scroll ring feels like it 's constructed of compressed bird crap , but it still works after months of use . The ball moves smoothly and I 've only had to clean it once . A cat hair blocked the laser and it did funny things.Other than that , problem free , which says a lot ... I have RSI in my hands and this forces me to use my hand in a different way , thus preventing any pain . I have it set up in the middle of a Kinesis split keyboard
 I really like this trackball - this is the second one I bought . I only bought it because my older one was getting a bit worn out and I wanted a nice new one at work . It came a bit stiff , odd that I do n't remember the old one being like that . After a few days use though it seems just fine and like my old one . My old one still works good - I plan to bring it home with my old computer . Great trackball and the scroll roller is well designed .
 I bought this for use at work . Like it so much I may need to get another one for at home . Although the scroll ring is not usable for all application , the ease of use has saved me time and my back is n't throbbing any more when I leave work due to all of the mouse use . Now that everything is more web based and less Excel/Word based , I use my mouse more than ever , and this is ergonomically the best I 've ever used .
 I would like to take this opportunity to address two of the primary misconceptions about this trackball : First is the issue of movement . I have read a couple reviews where people state the movement is not smooth , the trackball is difficult to move , etc. . This is true -- but only when the unit is completely clean and new . What I think people do n't realize is that this trackball uses the natural oils in your skin to lubricate itself . If , for example , you always wear gloves while using it you will find it jerky and annoying . Every time you clean the ball it will get a little stiff . Use it for 10 minutes or so and it will warm up again , or just roll it around in your hands for a bit -LRB- it 's fun to play with -RRB- . Second is the issue of positioning . The trackball is not at a weird angle , so long as you do n't a -RRB- rest your hand on the table while using it or b -RRB- attach the useless `` ergonomic '' wrist pad they throw in the box . You will feel less strain and discomfort while using any pointing device if you have the good sense to keep your wrist off the table . This allows blood to flow freely and lets your entire arm participate in moving the device , rather than putting all the strain on your wrist and hand . While using this mouse , I keep my hand and arm in line with one another , and very lightly put the base of my fingers on the top of the ball . I then find that my thumb and fingers fall naturally on the device 's buttons . This is the most ergonomic working position I have found with any pointing device , including standard mice , trackpads , graphics tablets , and even the 3M Ergonomic Mouse.The large , supple ball , precise control , high build quality , reliability , and amazing scroll wheel make this easily the best pointing device you can buy . And if you suffer any kind of RSI , I ca n't recommend it enough . I work as a software engineer , and I could not get through my day without it . Throw your regular mouse away .
 UPDATE 11/17/2011 ================================ It 's been over 4 years since my last review . I must say the trackball has held up very well . The scroll ring issue cleared up after some usage . Everything about the mouse works like a champ . The wrist pad attachment to the mouse is glued on so over time it 'll come off . I 'm changing my review to 4 stars . ================================ My Expert Mouse arrived today with great anticipation . I 've been using a Microsoft Trackball Explorer for 3 years now and now it sits at my desk at work . I got the Kensington for home use to replace my Logitech optical mice.When I took out the product , it screamed `` cheap plastic '' to me - reminiscent of an electronic product I would find at the Dollar Tree . -LRB- A cheap LCD clock with untrimmed plastic edges perhaps ? -RRB- To sum it up
 Kensington driver for the Mac has not been updated since 2006 and is not compatible beyond OS 10.6 . Compatibility may be obtained for OS 10.7 by installing Rosetta from the OS 10.6 disk . To install Rosetta insert your Snow Leopard disc , open the Optional Installs folder on that disc , and double-click the Optional Installs.mpkg package . The Installer will open and you 'll be prompted to click Continue a couple of times and then choose a destination for the installation . Choose your startup volume and click Continue yet again . In the Custom Install on `` name of volume '' window that appears , enable the Rosetta option and click Continue . In the next window click Install to do just that . If you 're using OS 10.8 Rosetta will not install.The Track Ball is 4 Star great -LRB- only the scrolling ring does n't work well -RRB- but disappointed in Kensington for dropping driver support on newer OS releases by Apple . I personally would not buy anymore Kensington products .
 A good trackball is a major improvement over a mouse for those of us who do n't have a surgeon 's gift for fine motor control . Here 's what makes it work :1 . You can use a larger part of your hand surface on the trackball , stabilize by resting your palm on the front pad , and use subtle hand and wrist movements to position the pointer precisely . The key here is that you * do n't * need to use fingertip control .2 . A well-designed optical trackball like this one is extremely smooth , with almost no friction , and works on any surface -LRB- because it does n't track the surface like a mouse -RRB- .3 . It works well in confined spaces , like a sliding keyboard tray , that are a bit too small for a mouse to work comfortably over the full range of screen space , especially with multiple monitors.Most of the trackballs on the market today miss the first point entirely . If you 're a watchmaker or a violinist , one of the small trackball models might work well for you . If you 're a drummer like me , a small trackball is harder to use than a mouse , because it requires more fine-motor agility and hand-eye coordination . You need a large trackball like this one.Small gripe -- Kensington does n't make a cordless version of the ExpertMouse anymore . I wish they did.If you 've never tried a trackball , be sure to try this one before you decide .
 I used to have the white 4 button expert trackball - worked for years ! One day the PS/2 connection stopped working and the mouse was having some issues so I went to a standard 2 button optical mouse . I started to get wrist pains so I looked into getting a trackball again . I found this trackball very similar to my old trackball with the addition of a scroll ring . I am very happy with the product !! This mouse is working flawlessly in Windows 7 64 bit -LRB- Read below on how to get it working in Win 7 - 64 Bit -RRB- . I have no issues at all with browsing , CADing , gaming -LRB- Crysis , Batman AA , Assassin 's Creed , Splinter Cell , Half Life 2 , etc. . . some games the camera control is a bit slow so I had to really bump up the sensitivity ! -RRB- If you do a quick google search on Kensington Trackball for Windows Vista or Windows 7 you 'll find many people have a solution to be able to use this mouse on Vista/7 . Please follow the link to get the mouse driver working . -LSB- ... -RSB- You can program all the buttons with X-Mouse button control . Also , Kensington 's MouseWorks does work on Windows 7 32-bit if you set it into Windows XP compatibility mode , this fix does not work in 64 bit . But you do n't need Mouse Works anymore once you have X-Mouse button control !
 This is the best trackball/mouse device i have ever used . Using the Expert Mouse put an end to most of my RSI/carpal tunnel problems . I was very very disappointed when I upgraded to Windows 7 and found that Kensington has no plans whatsoever to update the Mouseworks software that is used to unlock the majority of the Expert Mouse 's functions . Basically you get left and right click ... only the functions available in Windows 's generic mouse control panel . -LSB- EDIT -RSB- Kensington has finally released official Win7/Vista drivers and software for the Expert Mouse . The best trackball of all time is officially back in business . If I could change the # of stars I would give it the max now that it has full software support !
 Had one of these a long time ago , long before USB , and it was n't optical . When everything went in that direction , I had to switch to a Microsoft ball , which I never got used to because it was too small.Was glad to see Kinsington brought these back . REALLY BIG with four buttons , which can each be programmed for a function of your choice . Easy to use and you wo n't have the issues you have with a smaller device , such as hand/finger/wrist fatigue.Best mouse/trackball I have ever used .
 I had tried using trackballs before but found them too awkward and difficult to get the fine motor skills . However , when I started developing pain in my mousing hand , I did n't want to ignore it ... I was only in my early 40s and have to rely on a pointer device to earn a living . Plus , I play cello and knit and play piano so I really did n't want a mouse to destroy my ability to do the the things I really love.So I search all the ergonomic websites and they all consistently recommended large trackballs because the larger the ball , the less you are relying on very small movements or only one set of muscles to perform your computer task . In addition , you want to use a trackball that is `` symmetric '' so that you can change how you use it in order to `` spread the stress '' . The Kensington trackball has the one of the largest trackballs on the market -LRB- I think there is one other one that has a slightly larger ball that is marketed towards children -RRB- . It is balanced and symmetric so that you can move the ball with different fingers or even different parts of your hand . The buttons are programmable -LRB- if you can install the software -RRB- so you can change where your single and double click buttons are to take advantage of the natural strength of your hand . It is easy to install in its most basic mode ... just plug and play . It is also easy to clean -- just lift the ball out and wipe the dust away from the sensors . It also lasts forever -- I 've bought a couple over the years but only because my kids keep swiping mine!There are trackballs that put the trackball where your thumb would go . These are not significantly better than a mouse because you have shifted the repetitive motion to your thumb . Other trackballs put the trackball where your 4th and 5th finger is . Once again , you have moved the are of your hand that you are going to wear out.My only nitpick is that to take full advantage of the features , you have to install the software drivers . If you are using this on a computer at work where you do n't have admin privileges then you wo n't be able to take advantage of the full functionality . It would be nice if the mouse used a firmware programming mechanism instead of having to install software on the computer.I really wish that Kensington would make this a wireless device as well . But at this point , I 'm just glad I can find this in any form .
 We have all Mac computers with Kensington trackball mice . Easy on the hands , easy to use . A bit bulky , if you have little desk space you may need to move things a bit tighter to fit it next to your key board .
 Our Department has purchased several Kensington mice and welike the mouse for the ease of use and the extra buttons toprogram various commands . We could not live without them .
 I have used various trackball mice over the years , and this Kensington mouse is an alternative well worth considering.Pros : The weight of the ball allows you to spin it , to move your cursor across the screen quickly.The buttons are programmable , so you can make each button do whatever you want.The zoom ring is useful , though I occasionally brush it by accident.You do n't have to move your fingers much to use this mouse , so it may be more comfortable for you , even if you have arthritis , tendonitis , or carpal tunnel inflammationCons : The cost is rather high.A special mouse driver may be required if you want to used the advanced features in Windows 7 . You may need to place a book or wood block under the mouse to tilt it to a comfortable angle.Tip
 I have been using this for over a year and this has helped tremendously with my cramps in my hand as well as my bending of the wrist causing shooting pains down my arm.The open ball comfortably encourages you to hold your hand in a more natural position and not to be so closed up around the mouse.It is a little prone to get dust and dirt on the three roller contact points , but it does n't interfere with the use at all since this is optical . I clean it about once every couple weeks , and that 's using it 8-10 hours a day , 5 days a week.The only bad thing I can say about this is that the wrist rest part does n't like to stay on . The malleable rubber wrist does n't like to stick to the hard plastic connector and the plastic connector does n't like to stay on the device itself . I simply superglued the pieces together months ago , and the thing still works like a charm .
 My wife and I each have one of these mice running on separate 64-bit Windows 7 systems . Her mouse runs fine on the latest Kensington driver . My mouse refuses to run correctly with any Kensington driver but works perfectly well with the Microsoft driver . A couple of the buttons are misplaced but that causes no problem since the left , right , and scroll controls all are fine . Kensington tech support was ... supportive ... and the device is a delight to use .
 I have a right shoulder/wrist RSI so I use these exclusively . I appreciate the ability to take out the screws and clean out the inside . Just peel off the adhesive feet and the screws are underneath .
 I owned this Trackball for several years and loved it . It performed well and the only real issue I ever had was the wrist rest slipping out of position on occasion . Kensington is the absolute best company I have ever had the pleasure of dealing with when it comes to customer service . I once had a Kensington Trackball that went bad on me and was told to ship it back and I would be sent a replacement . Before I could even get the defective trackball sent back , the replacement arrived at my door ! I have been a loyal customer ever since .
 I 've had the Kensington Expert Mouse Optical USB Trackball for about three weeks now.General Audience Impressions : The Trackball is of excellent quality ; I 've had no problems with it . The wrist pad is comfortable . The scroll wheel makes it worth the price . The key mapping works.Left Hander Impressions : As you know most of the trackballs are designed for righties . This one only has one quirk for us southpaws ... I use my index finger to move the trackball and work the scroll wheel with my middle finger . This method for us lefties has the scroll wheel moving in the opposite direction from what I would have preferred - pushing the scroll wheel forward moves to the top of the screen ; backward towards the bottom . I have n't checked to see if the wheel direction is configurable , but as is it is a minor annoyance .
 Its amazing ... works great and very accurate -LRB- some reviewer knocked it down for that ??? -RRB- . Only reason its not 5 is price , no idea why it ca n't go for $ 20 - $ 30 . Made from inexpensive plastic , and feel `` light '' , but it DOES THE JOB ... SUPERBLY ! Will be buying more for my office.I 'm using XP , btw . Ca n't understand why other knock a product when the OS is at fault ... Like saying a car does n't run perfect because the street is full of pot holes .
 This trackball is one of the best I 've ever owned . It makes the Mac Mighty Mouse pale in comparision .
 The Kensington Expert Mouse was a great purchase . I 'm a musician and work with a lot of editing software , so I 'm working in front of the computer all day . The Expert Mouse takes getting a little used to if you 're converting from a regular mouse , but once you get used to it , it 's taken away a lot of fatigue from my wrist . A bit pricey , but I think it was worth it .
 My older Expert trackball connected via PS2 port and I had trouble with my laptop recognizing it when connected through my port replicator at my desk . This USB connected device works great ! This is the most comfortable and functional mouse device I 've used - I love the options I have to setup the extra buttons and the scroll wheel is very easy and convenient to use . Setup was simple . I am planning to buy one for my home PC .
 This is probably my 5th or 6th Trackball . I started out with one for my MAC many years ago . I never have enough deck top real estate for a mouse . I think that a trackball is ergonomically better , anyway . The 4 buttons and the scroll ring make it a breeze to use . I 'm going to get two more . One for my wife and one to use at work .
 I have tendonitis and decided to buy a trackball -- all the mah jongg games were getting to me . The Kensington ExpertMouse was top rated and I will agree that it works smoothly and is very easy to get used to . I did n't even need to break it in.And my right hand does n't ache when I go to bed .
 i have been using this model trackball for 5 or so years after using about 6 other different kinds during my career . this is the best i found by far . I am a graphic / web design and am on the computer for MANY hours each and every day . I just got a 2nd one for my other computer . although the wrist rest thing that comes with it , i have found uncomfortable and never used .
 Overuse of computer mice over extended periods of time has significantly worsened my tennis elbow . At my wits end I have decided to give this mouse a try -LRB- I have tried many others as well and was about to give up -RRB- . The reason I opted for this mouse is that I would be able to use it with either hand even though my non-mouse hand was completely useless with a traditional mouse . The large track ball on this mouse along with the large programmable buttons make this mouse the simplest to use . The integrated scroll wheel is unbelievably handy and very accurate . Gaining precision when using this mouse with either hand is truly simple . I can only encourage anybody with tennis elbow or other arm ailments to give this mouse a try . It really works !
 I had carpal tunnel surgery on both wrists . As a CAD operator & designer for over the last 10 years the importance of a mouse that does not cause stress to my hand is vital to my career . I bought one of these trackballs because the research I did showed nothing but good reviews for Kensington products . I have to agree , it 's absolutely fantastic . It causes little to no fatigue dispite many hours of repeated use . It 's comfortable to use . The programable buttons are pretty snazzy . The only thing I question is the `` Award Winning Scroll Ring '' . I have had my scrolling ability die about every two to three months . It will either quit completely or only quit in selected programs . After going to their site and contacting their IT department and doing all the things they recommend I do , I have always ended up getting a replacement free of cost . The first time this happened I thought this was awesome . Now I 'm on my fifth -LRB- sixth ?? -RRB- trackball because it keeps happening . I have not found anything even close to comparable for ease of use or lack of stress on my hands so I have n't replaced it with anything different . But come on , having to get it replaced every two to three months is a bit much . How long can it take to work the bugs out ? And will I finally have one that continues working properly when the warranty finally runs out ? I just hope they figure it out - soon .
 I replaced a Kensington Mouse Pro with this newer version . The previous lasted me about 5 years and I loved it , especially the 6 programmable hot-key buttons . This version lacks these hot-key buttons , which I sorely miss . On the positive side , this mouse continues to be ergonomically comfortable with precise control . The ` scrolling-ring ' is something different , but very effective and easy to use . A four star recommendation is my decision because it lacks the hot-key buttons . That is still better than ANY mouse that I 've had to chase around my desk .
 I would give it 5 stars but for my needs and preferences I find the new model inferior to the 64214 -LRB- and family -RRB- . Mostly , because I like the weight and feel of an actual pool ball which you can use in the previous models . I also am not a fan of the new scroll wheel placement . That said , this made a great gift and its recipient could n't be happier !
 The trackball works well and is easy to adapt to after using a mouse or the trackpad on my laptop for years . I set it and my MacBook on a portable `` desk , '' which is actually a stackable wire shoe shelf from an organizing section of a discount store , and sit in my favorite club chair . Since my `` desk '' is wire mesh , laser mice did not work on it . The wrist rest is comfortable too . The only surprise when I first was setting up my desk was that the track ball was completely loose , and when I turned the thing on it 's side the ball bounced and rolled completely across the room to the other side . I also found it ironic that the package had a note for just the EU customers that one should wash their hands after handling the cord since it contains lead . Americans apparently do n't need these warnings ...
 I miss the scroll wheel on my old one - I did n't use it for scrolling but as a fifth button . The scroll ring on this one is far superior to a scroll wheel , and I actually use it . This is far better than a mouse , better even than the previous model trackball .
 My colleague suggested that I try this product based on her experience with it . She was right ! Great product and I 've used a lot of `` mice '' . As usual , Amazon is an excellent vendor.Professional opinion .
 This mouse is really worked well for me even though it is very expensive compared to other mouses in the market . I have been trying different mouses because of my wrist/finger problem . This is not a pain medication or remove pain from my wrist/fingers . The main point is when compared to other mouses , it impacts less on my wrist/fingers that makes bit comfortable while typing and clicking . As a programmer , I have to work on computer for long hours.It may or may not work for you but if you have spent hundreds/thousands of dollars while visiting doctors so what makes a different if you spent $ 66 more dollars on it . By the way , I have been using the same mouse on my regular day work , this is the second one for my optional computer . I also would like to see cost -LRB- of this mouse -RRB- around $ 35-40 so that more people can afford it .
 Recently started using this product , and I love it ! So much easier than a regular mouse , which I have used forever . Very ergonomic with a lot less hand motion , and the scroll ring is awesome ! I have this installed on a PC running MS Vista 64-bit . Did NOT install the MouseWorks software . Vista instantly recognized it . My only minor annoyance is that I have n't been able to figure out how to re-program the buttons , but they do virtually everything I want anyways -LRB- just slightly differently than I would have arranged them -RRB- . So that 's why I took one star away.Buttons are pre-assigned as follows
 Small footprint , excellent ergonomics -LRB- I can work longer now -RRB- , and great functionality make this a hugely successful tool . There are some kinks , such as a loud , semi-unresponsive scroll wheel and a bit of grinding as the ball rolls , but these get worked out as you use it . I use a plethora of video and audio software -LRB- eg . Autodesk Maya , Pro Tools LE -RRB- as well as organizational software -LRB- ie . MS Project , Office Suites -RRB- and it 's extremely useful on the a/v work . A bit less on the org work , since that 's more keyboard intensive . Also , the extra buttons are hard to program in Linux ... and the drivers play games with Pro Tools installations , so if you 're getting it for PT , make sure you check the internet forums to know exactly what it 'll try to do .
 Kensingtion long ago established itself as the premier supplier of flexible , high performance , ergonomic pointing devices for personal computers . The current Expert Mouse Optical Trackball raises the bar for the followers , again.Although I 've not yet had mine long enough to be sure , I suspect that the new optical system will eliminate the need to clean dust , lint , and pet hairs out of the little wheels inside the base every few years . The MouseWorks driver retains its unassailed position as the Lexus of pointing device software . You want lots of ways to `` click '' with special , customizable meanings for each way ? MouseWorks in combination with any pointing device will charm you . Combine MouseWorks with this four-button trackball , and you 'll wonder why you ever considered any other pointing device.One caveat
 Anyone that needs a track ball mouse should definitely take this one into consideration . It is easy to use , easy to customize , and carries the Kensington brand name , one you trust . I give it a thumbs up !
 I 've been using this trackball for about a month , and love it . I bought it to alleviate RSI and so far , it 's working . I 've tried it with WindowsXP and Ubuntu Linux 8.10 and it works very well in both . I was a little afraid that it would take a while to adapt form a mouse , but it took no time at all . In fact , after using it for a few hours , I did n't want to use another mouse ever again . The only complaint I have is that the scroll ring -LRB- which is a REALLY useful and intuitive feature -RRB- feels ... well ... cheap . That being said , the ring is still quite functional .
 Just like the Kensington Trackballs sold for the last 15 years , this new model works just fine , albeit , using a new and different technology . Time will tell if it is durable as the 12 year old unit that the new unit has replaced.The new unit has a scrolling ring . I will need to practice to get used to using it , as one can still scroll using the old method .
 100 % PLUG AND PLAY ! I plugged it into my firewire port of my Blue White G3 Macintosh and it went to work ! iTunes recognized it automatically , and OS X -LRB- Jaguar -RRB- lets me move files off and on to the disk until I get ready to shut down the computer and then at that time it will burn the CD ! I think the best thing I like about it is that there was NO SOFTWARE to install . If you want a GOOD , FAST , RELIABLE CD Burner at a reasonable price I would deffintly recommend this one
 Given its very inexpensive price , this mouse has good features for the money . No batteries required . That 's always a good thing .
 Its small size makes it much easier for my kids to use compared to my full-size MightyMouse , and being able to tell them to click the cookie or the apple instead of right-click or left-click is very helpful too . Both my 3 - and 5-year old sons get a lot of use out of ours , and after a year it still works great .
 excellent mouse for my three year old , only negative was the turn around from purchasing until it came to the door .
 Bought this for an APC 2200 SmartUps . Was listed as supported , but did n't fit out of the box . Had to change out the connectors on the batteries . Otherwise great product .
 This HD is great . The aluminum case is rugged . No install disk needed , although I had to convert the format from fat32 to Win NT format which took about 10 min . Be sure you use USB 2 because it is much faster than USB 1 . Most PC made after Fall 2002 have USB 2 . Otherwise an upgrade card is well worth the money ... and is simple to install . I only gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because it costs ... more than the Maxtor brand HD . FYI , get a bigger HD than you think you might need . You 'll be surprised how fast you can fill this up with backups like your entire HD .
 the mouse is great , but the driver needs some help . you are suppose to be able to setup this mouse so that both buttons are the same as the left button . but it only works when you run this in USB mode , not PS2 . otherwise you just get driver errors . USB mice dont work very well in win 98 -LRB- not the mouse 's fault -RRB- so you pretty much have to run PS2
 the mouse is great , but the driver needs some help . you are suppose to be able to setup this mouse so that both buttons are the same as the left button . but it only works when you run this in USB mode , not PS2 . otherwise you just get driver errors . USB mice dont work very well in win 98 -LRB- not the mouse 's fault -RRB- so you pretty much have to run PS2
 I honestly did not think this would work this well when I ordered it . I ordered it anyway as I just wanted something -LRB- however frustrating and clumsy -RRB- to control my IPOD remotely . Setup was a breeze and this thing ACTUALLY WORKS . I used it while walking around my apartment and outside it -LRB- 50 feet or so -RRB- and this thing increased / decreased the volume , changed songs , fast forwarded / rewinded songs beautifully . This can also be attached to your PC / Mac and you can output your songs/Internet radio from your PC onto your system . Simply insert the transmitter into your headphone / aux slot in your Notebook/PC and you will be streaming sound onto your system in no time . I use this device to stream Internet Radio -LRB- from Itunes in pristine quality -RRB- through my system.Wonderful product and I ca n't say enough good things about it . Do remember to first charge the transmitter before you use it else it will not connect and you will think that the unit is DOA.Highly Recommended !
 This works great . I use it to throw Pandora radio from my PC to my stereo receiver in a completely different room . No messy wires and easy to setup . Would recommend purchasing this device .
 This system makes me truly portable around the house . Added to my wireless headphones , those pesky wires are almost a thing of the past . The only downsides are : Anything that runs off a 2.4 ghz bandwidth DOES interfere with it -LRB- microwave ovens , some phones , train communications apparently-since everytime one goes by , the thing drops badly -RRB- , other bluetooth devices . Lately , something in my area has been hopping onto the bluetooth 's device and wo n't let go -LRB- some 2.4 ghz item -RRB- . I have to pull the device 's power and wait until whoever it is discontinues . If I reconnect too soon , it connects with whoever and not to the unit 's remote.The other problem is the common one with bluetooth ; they only have a 33 foot range.Battery time is n't as much as I would like and you ca n't replace the lithium battery.Because of these drawbacks , I downgraded the item to a 4 star . I have been using these for over a year now and own several units . I would be lost without them . ; - -RRB-
 I actually bought this for the receiver only - to add to my existing Logitech `` music anywhere '' system which has the USB dongle to stream mp3s / WMAs from a pc . Now I have two receivers and so now two stereos -LRB- home theatre and stereo in back room -RRB- at opposite ends of my house can punch out playlists -LRB- at different times , ca n't pair with two bluetooth devices -RRB- depending on where I am working or relaxing.I 've had both receivers working for close to 9 months now and apart from some very occasional interference from other nearby BlueTooth devices -LRB- I suspect in my neighbour 's house -RRB- they 've worked perfectly.Fantastic product , great sound , bargain price . About as good as it gets .
 I had to send the first one back . It cut out intermittently . It was promply replaced by J&R Electronics , and this one works fine .
 I was looking for a way to hook up my laptop to a home theatre receiver in my living room wirelessly . My Dell laptop has an integrated bluetooth adapter compatible with A2DP profile and I had alredy used it with bluetooth stereo headphones before . So the idea was to find a device that would work like bluetooth headphones , but would send the audio signal to the reciever instead . I was able to find several , but I was n't satisfied with ether the price or the quality . After doing some research on Logitech WMS , I realized that this is exactly what I was looking for.It is sad that Logithech do n't advertize everything that this amazing device is capable of . I 've made my final decision to purchase this product only after reading a post by `` surfinmutt '' on Logitech support forum . I think it will be worth to include it here in condenced form : http://forums.logitech.com/logitech/board/message?board.id=WMS_PC_General&message.id;=170I read an online write up on Logitech 's Wireless Music System being Bluetooth based even though Logitech itself never mentions it in their website . So After I got the Music System working , I detached the Logitech transmitter and hooked up my BlueTake BT-007SX dongle with BlueSoleil software . After setting the receiver in pairing mode , my BlueSoleil application saw it immediately and challenged me for a pairing key . I tried a few before 0000 which worked ; should have tried this one first as it is the most common.It worked flawlessly and now I could see what was all the Bluetooth parameters such as Device Name , Status , Connection Duration , Pairing Status , Role , Class , LinkManagementProtocol Feature and Version , Manufacturer and Signal Strength . Zeevo is the chipset used by Logitech which means that it is Broadcom based to all the chip heads out there . BlueSoleil confirmed that Logitech 's system was indeed a Class 1 device able to theoretically cover 100M ; I saw more like 25 meters indoors and maybe 50 meters outdoors which is vastly better than a Class 2 device 's theoretical 10M distance . So Logitech chose real conformity to a formal Bluetooth specification than going the proprietary route , hurray!For me this is a tremendous benefit because my next project is to stream from my Treo to the Logitech receiver using the onboard Bluetooth coupled with Softick 's Audio Gateway which will give my Treo the necessary A2DP profile . You all probably know that the iPod is cool , but streaming from a Treo without a dongle while thumbing emails , taking phone calls , surfing the net downloading music is much more so.Any Treo users surfing this board ? I ask because I got my Treo to sync with the Logitech receiver via Softic 's A2DP enabling Audio Gateway . Now things are really cooking . The Treo with pTunes , Softic Audio Gateway and the Logitech Music System are a marriage make in heaven . All the audio functions are controllled by the Treo including trac , volume , playlists etc. . In effect , the remote is the device streaming music to the home theater . The pumping music automatically mutes when calls come in . So while you are supposedly working , your Treo can stream music while thumbing emails and taking calls.I would not have attempted this if I had not tried the laptop first . Streaming from the PC is cool . Streaming from the PC through a third party Bluetooth dongle is really cool . Streaming from a handheld Bluetooth enabled PDA phone will blow your sock off . No hunting for multiple remote controls . No need for the iPod and the phone and the laptop syncing to get music from here to there since the Treo pulls down music directly from whatever service you like directly .
 I purchased this product so that I can use any device in my house to control my outdoor speakers . Having read other reviews , I expected there to be no sound loss in the transmission , but still I am impressed with the sound quality . The only drawback is the 30-feet distance limit , but that is a Bluetooth limitation , and worth the tradeoff from a FM transmission system .
 I had purchased this product a while back and finally got around to setting this up . The set-up is a breeze , the only thing to remember is to press the small button on the transmitter and receiver till the light glows blue on both and that is that . After that , you can connect the receiver to any headphone jack and you can stream music . I have tried it with my Archos , iPod and currently I am streaming music from my laptop - the sound quality is brilliant . Initially , I had connected it to the Phono input on my receiver and the results were disappointing , but once I connected it to another input , the change was dramatic . Logitech does not have much in the way of support on their website , but the product itself works great . This is my first review , but I am so thrilled with the product that I had to write one . I hope this helps anyone on the fence .
 easy to hook up . you just need to charge the transmitter completely before doing anything else . btw , i did not get this for an ipod . i do n't own one but i do have a different brand mp3 player and it works fine . it also works using the headphone jacks on my laptop . i figure anything with a headphone jack will work . and it sounds great . i use it right now to play music in the background while i work . definitely worth the purchase !
 I have my Logitech Wireless Music System set up where I plugged the `` iPod '' part into my computer 's `` Audio Out '' place , and the other is connected to an auxiliary audio input on my 5.1 home theater / `` stereo '' , which is on the other side of the house and one floor below -LRB- about 40 feet away -RRB- . It works perfectly . The sound out of my system is as clear as the sound from my computer speakers -LRB- also a 5.1 system -RRB- . It has a `` fixed '' volume output setting for use when the output system has its own volume controls . I have also used the receiver with headphones , using the `` variable '' -LRB- receiver-controlled -RRB- volume setting , and it works perfectly , too.When I have used low-power FM transmitters in the past , there was frequently a background hiss in the stereo signal , the clarity of reception faded at more than 25 feet , the stereo signal disappeared after a certain distance , and because my `` stereo '' antenna is on the roof , reception depended on how strong adjacent `` real '' FM stations were that day -LRB- some days they have more spillover to nearby frequencies than other days , depending on atmospheric conditions , and some days stations from 60 miles away that should n't be interfering show up just enough to mess things up for the same reasons -RRB- . That problem has been banished from our household now.Note that while the transmitter part has a rechargeable battery -LRB- so it works whether plugged in or not -RRB- , the receiver must be plugged into 120V AC . But unless I 'm out in a field somewhere , that is not a big deal to me . I have it now as a part of my stereo system so everything I play on the computer is available to my stereo when I choose -LRB- but NOT to anyone outside my house tuning around their FM radio anymore -RRB- . The stereo separation is the same as that received on the computer -LRB- no loss in transmission like in FM -RRB- . Some stores , at least as of April 20 , 2007 , are selling it for under $ 30 . For me it is worth buying two sets , so I can use both receivers in different parts of the house , one dedicated on the stereo/home theater , the other for headphones or portable speakers in other places . Note that the receiver -LRB- not the transmitter -RRB- has both RCA Red/White jacks for stereos , VCR input , etc. . AND the ubiquitous small-size headphone/iPod-style jack for small speakers and headphones . -LRB- Buying an RCA/headphone converter is just a couple of dollars , anyway . Also there are Y-shaped connectors available , so you can have multiple devices connected to the same jack . -RRB- I have n't tried it but you can probably plug into both connections at the same time , maybe even a -LRB- legal -RRB- FM low-power transmitter to transport the sound outdoors from the back of the house to a boombox , so a party can have the same music everywhere in and outside the house.Also , one transmitter supposedly can synch up with multiple receivers concurrently . I have had trouble with this , so I have had to use 2 transmitters and a Y-connector , and synch each transmitter with its separate receiver.Anyway , after a receiver is plugged in -LRB- and therefore turned on -RRB- , you hold the little `` Connect '' button on the transmitter for about 3 seconds to synch it up with the receiver which , as soon as they are plugged in , are searching for a transmitter signal to synch up with . Logitech says the receivers can be left on 24 hours a day as a permanently connected device . The transmitter always gets started up with the `` Connect '' button ; conversely , after there is no sound for about approximately 5 minutes or if the receiver is unplugged -LRB- ending the current wireless connection -RRB- , it turns itself off to conserve battery power . I keep that plugged in to my computer all the time . When it gets low on battery power , I plug it into an outlet as needed.The Amazon partner I used , 3BTech , selling it for under $ 30 , shipped it immediately , and in perfect condition . You know it 's a good computer add-on when the wife loves it , too .
 This is a perfect alternative to either the Griffin Tunecenter or the DLO Home Dock Deluxe , if you do n't care about displaying pictures and video on your TV . Instead of your iPod being wired to your stereo and TV -LRB- to allow you to see where you are browsing -RRB- and having a remote control to browse , the iPod now BECOMES the remote control!The sound quality is excellent ... no loss of frequency range at all . It sounds just like it was wired up . And I 'm pretty picky about sound quality.Plus , it is not iPod-specific . You can use it with anything outputting an audio signal . I have even used it as a wireless system for my guitar .
 I use it in my bedroom to connect my iPod to my Bose Wave Radio/CD . I keep the iPod on my nightstand and the bose is located across the room -LRB- about 15 feet -RRB- . The bed is between the units , so they do not have line-of-sight connectivity . The wireless bluetooth transmitter is able to locate the unit without issue and trasmits music clearly . This is very convenient since I can now control my iPod at night to listen to music without having to get up to change tracks , etc. . I set both the iPod and Bose radio to go to sleep automatically after 90 minutes . The logitech detects when the iPod is off and shuts itself off after a few minutes .
 I was looking for something like this for more than a year , its simple easy to use and the most important thing WORKS WELL ! Good sound quality , no sound droping or gaps and I have tried it across doors and about 30 feet from base .
 I use the wireless system at school to save time and effort with the recordings I use with my music students . I plug it into my iPod or the headphone jack of my computer and it plays beautifully ! I do n't have to be in line of sight , either . It works flawlessly throughout my rather large room . A friend told me to be sure it worked if my iPod is in my pocket and I am folk dancing with the kids -LRB- lots of turning and movement . -RRB- IT DOES !!!
 Bought this at $ 35 bucks a month ago , WOW very amazing.This device can stream my ipod music from all corner of my house -LRB- 1000sqm -RRB- . No distortion at all . sound not much diff from plugging in . Unless u have audiophile ears u are not missing anything . This is one cheap way of having wireless music system can be able to control anywhere around the house.All for 35 bucks .
 Bought this with the intent of streaming music from my computer to my relatively antiquated -LRB- 4 + year old -RRB- home audio system and I 'm delighted with it . It is easy to set up , works like a charm and meets my needs.I can now use the content and functionality of ipod , itunes or Windows Media Player to stream music and playlists to my receiver .
 This is a superior alternative to purchasing new ipod speaker systems . Easy hookup to existing -LRB- and generally better sounding -RRB- audio system . Sound transmission quality and range of this item is remarkably good . And it is incredibly handy to have your entire ipod collection and full functionality in your hand while sitting across the room from the sound system . Connections have always been easy to establish and remain steady . Setup was incredibly easy and fast.Recommendation # 1
 I purchased one of these in 2001 and have used it since . The hard drive has survived 2 deployments to Iraq . The only bad thing about it is that it is only 20GB .
 I have been using the Buslink Disk-On-The-Go for over a year now . I LOVE it . No cons , only pros .
 I purchased the Sony DRX820UL/T External USB 2.0 DVD+R Double Layer/DVD + RW Drive and it works great.I also purchased several others ; 1 Maxtor One Touch -LRB- 250GB -RRB- , 2 Maxtor One Touch II -LRB- 300GB -RRB- , and 2 of the Maxtor One Touch III -LRB- 500GB -RRB- . The first drive 250GB worked quiet well but becomes quiet hot . The second 2 drives , 300GB , were much better and run a bit cooler . The third drives , 500GB , run much cooler and the back up system is super . As one works with Digital Videos it requires much storage with large files . Amazon is an amazing buying place on the Web and they do exactly as they promise . I will make many more purchases from them ... I do not work for , or am connected with Amazon in anyway ; just a buyer ... Don Curtis
 I bought this burner about a week ago and have burnt around 10 dvds , both double and single layer . I 've used it with both my PC Laptop and my Mac Powerbook . Both have performed just fine . The drive is kind of noisy when you insert a DVD -LRB- I think its the drive spinning up to speed -RRB- but once you get going it quiets right down and you 'd never know it was there . It 's bundled with both Nero for PC and Toast for mac . Nero is basically the best burning software around , and does anything you need to . Nero has a new version -LRB- 7 -RRB- out , but it 's not necessary . The Toast software is , however , kind of dissappointing , because its a watered don version -LRB- Toast Lite -RRB- . If you are planning to use this drive mainly for a mac then it may be wise to fork out the extra cash for the full version of Toast . The nice price of this drive makes paying for some extra software not so bad though . If it had came with more robust mac software it would 've got 5 stars , but its a great drive .
 I bought this mouse cos my 3 yr old was not too good with the touch pad . He got used to the mouse quickly . I had no trouble setting up the mouse , just turned off the computer and turned it back on with the mouse plugged in . Also no trouble with switching between mouse and touch pad as the mouse is too small for my hand . The downside is it lacks a scroll wheel .
 We got this for are 4 year old son to use , its super easy to use and is small and just wright for his little hands ... also the pictures of spunge bob arent cheep stickers wich i was half expecting ... but there images write on the mouse ... my son loves it i would definantly buy it again ... -LRB- except when i perchused it in December 09 it was only 15 $ im not shore why the huge jump in price -RRB-
 I love this mouse . It is for Sponge Bob lovers . I use it on my apple mac pro and it works great and has always worked great . It travels in my computer back pack and in my air line travel computer travel bag with wheels and it gets a lot of knocking around , more than my computer does . It gets shoved into a corner of the bag and pulled out . It gets dropped sometimes ~ I 'm clumsy.Sponge Bob Mouse has been all over the Middle East and North America and has been a good friend , and people all over are charmed by it and love it . I am not exactly kind to my computer add ons . It works as well or better than any other mouse I ever owned and that includes logitec and MS and all kinds of expensive mouses , and this is Sponge Bob Square Pants ! and I ! LOVE ! Sponge Bob . -LRB- - : > I own something like 30 hours of Sponge Bob videos , so I guess I am a bit nuts < :--RRB- I would have 300 hours if I could , so more than a bit nuts . My other obsession is Spiderman , BTW . Anyway it is a really pretty mouse well made on the exterior and great art . As art beautifully crafted . If you are not a Sponge Bob fanatic , well any other mouse will do the same as this . But where else can you get a Sponge Bob mouse HUH ? -LSB- And it 's cheap too -RSB-
 Good protection - fits the Palm very well . Nice sliding door for the camera . Fits well into a pocket . Worth the investment .
 This case is great . It has protected my Zire well , and it 's got two very handy features
 Great hard case for the Zire 72 . Great price . Does a great job of protecting the PDA . If you are looking for a hard case for the Zire 72 recommend this one .
 Re
 The hard case is an excellent product . Since this case was built specifically for the Zire 72 , it will fit snugly . While I 'm sure the hard case is easier for lefties to use , I have not had any trouble cradling it in my left hand and using the stylus in my right . -LRB- Hint
 I bypassed many universal cases to wait for this one . I chose it mainly because my Zire 72 fits snugly , it offers excellent protection , and the inclusion of the camera door . I do agree that the left-swinging cover takes some getting used to , but I do n't think it 's as much of a problem as the other reviewers . I got used to it fairly easily.I have two problems with this case . One is the lack of access to the voice memo button . The other problem is the expansion card holders behind the handheld ; you have to remove the handheld from the case to get to the holders . Other than these minor problems , this is an excellent hard case . If you do n't use the voice memo function often or use a lot of expansion cards , I would recommend it to anyone with a Zire 72 .
 I am not sure why people are whining about this case so much . It is n't the most ideal fit in your left hand , but it can still be used . The cover opens past 180 degrees , so the picture is not as far as it opens . The protection is great!It may not have a belt loop , so if you need that feature look elsewhere.The protection that this case provides is perfect . I throw it in my bag and do n't worry about it . I know this case will protect the screen and entire unit . As noted in other reviews , the sliding camera door lets you take pictures while still in the case and protect the lens when not in use.Overall , this is a great case . I would definitely tell you to get this if you want some more protection for your Zire .
 As protective cases go , this one is a tough S-O-B , very attractive , and very convenient -LRB- has top and bottom openings and a sliding door for the backside camera -RRB- . The case makes my Zire 71 more enjoyable , b/c I know I do n't have to be ` sensitive ' with it . My only nitpick issue is that I 'm a lefty and this case is designed for righties . If you like the good looks , you 'll love the functionality of it .
 Nice , Hard , and very confortable . Protect very well the Palm , but make it a litthe big to carry on pocket .
 This device is everything promised . Using the directions provided it installed -LSB- physically -LSB- in a snap , and then the s/w loaded w/o any hesitations . I would recommend this purchase even to someone -LSB- who like myself -RSB- has minimal experience with his/her PC .
 Worked great no problem with product very happy and would buy it again . If you 're looking for affordable and do n't mind waiting a day or two then this is the way Togo .
 It fit my 2000 Jeep Cherokee Sport just fine . I 'd recommend this product to anyone in need of one , but wish the wires came pre-cut . It 's no big deal , just a little convenience .
 You need to do a little bit of wiring in order to hook this up as one end is bare wires - but assuming that you are comfortable with that it 's an easy install , and fitted first time for me
 This product works just as billed . I 've been using it for about a year now and have never had even the slightest ` burp ' in its operation . There 's nothing to install -LRB- nice -RRB- - true plug 'n' play . If I were to make any changes to this product it would be to add one or two 4-wire ports.The upshot of having purchased one of these
 My only gripe would be the size of this thing . Its a little bulky . Other than that , it is ideal for what I need . I edit a lot of video . Not uncompressed professional video , but DV stuff . So , I have 3 external drives and a macbook that I use to cut with . I took a gamble by getting rid of my desktop , but the new setup is even better than what I had previously . The hub lets me edit without any burps in video playback , and keeps all of the disks mounted all the time . It also lets me import video without dropped frames , if you were wondering .
 I 've been using this hub since Jan. 2006 on my Macintosh PowerPC G4 and it works as advertised with not a single problem . I have multiple external hard drives and DVD drives and this hub has eliminated any issues of power cycling drives in the middle of a daisy chain . Of course it does , with this hub nothing is daisy chained any more . All dvices connect to the hub and the hub connects to the Mac . All devices are powered and communicate independently , no more hassle !!!
 As a firewire hub , this device just works - zero problems there . The one -LRB- minor -RRB- irritation is that the unit is so light that the cables tend to dictate how the object sits on the desk/shelf - I kinda like things to stay where I put them.Overall , I 'm happy with my purchase
 Does the job ! I have two external hard drives , iPod , and monitor all connected through the hub to my Mac Powerbook G4 , and all is well .
 Really easy - just plug it in and it works with all my firewire devices . My only complaint is that I really do n't need 6 ports . 4 would have been fine , but I could n't find one this small .
 I wish there were more details in what this thing was and what it was for . I 'm not that much of a techie and I wanted something to connect my camcorder to the pc to edit film . I thought it was a basic fire wire hookup . This was n't necessary at all . Too bad you ca n't return things once they are already opened . I 'll try to sell it on ebay .
 The laptop that I used at my workplace was equipped with only a 4GB hard drive that is nearly full . I needed to find a way to provide additional data storage for my business needs . Although the laptop included a USB 1.1 port for connecting an external storage device , I needed to take advantage of the high transfer rates provided by USB 2.0 . Therefore , I decided to purchase an external hard drive along with this USB 2.0 CardBus adapter.The device includes a USB 2.0 host adapter along with an external power supply . Although most laptops supply sufficient power to USB devices , it is highly recommended to connect the power supply to the USB adapter in case the laptop is unable to drive all the attached USB devices.NOTE
 When my USB board burned out I thought I could no longer use the laptop . Not even knowing if anything like this BUSlink USB adapter existed , I did a search and found it at Amazon . It works exactly as advertised , replacing my original USB ports . Most of the time I have four peripherals plugged in at the same time . A Godsend !
 This is not the usual USB external floppy drive , it is not slim and , most important , it is not a tight-integrated , built-to-be USB drive . This has a massive case containing a standard-design internal 3.5 inch drive , mounted to an interface board with a floppy controller and USB interface on it - I cracked the case and started swapping my big stack of `` might be usable '' old drives through the unit - If you also are a hardware hacking geek , you will love this for it 's test-bench functionality . Test and align internal floppies without having to open your CPU case or even re-boot when changing drives .
 the installation of this pci card was so easy . having windows xp home sp1 made it all the easier to install . once the hardware was installed , the drivers were automatically installed and was ready to use in less than a minute . once i plugged in my external cd-rw the speed at which i burned a cd was incredibly much faster . also the users , installation guide was very easy to understand and follow .
 The 5 port USB 2.0 PCI card works fine . The price is attractive . The installation is simple . The shipping is fast and cheap .
 I received this card in a very short time . I unwrapped it from the mailer . Could n't be more pleased with the price and the item . Thanks very much.Henry Geuvens
 This Product is exactly as discribed and i 've had it since Feb `` 09 ' andit has given me absolutly no trouble at all . A great Buy !!
 This is a great card but I got one that looks smaller than this one , Oh well it works .
 Simple ` plug-and-play ' got me going immediately . I needed three , but decided to order just the one to try it out first . I will order the other two for my daughters computers just like this one . Plugged it in to an open bay it was ready to go . I did n't need to install any software and everything that I have plugged in to it has operated fine . Prviously I had purchased an external usb expansion jack at Staples for twice the money . That worked sporadically .
 The Sport USB 2.0 card for PC was easy to install , and it works perfectly . This was an inexpensive way to upgrade my computer .
 Bought this item , extremely cheap , for a low-end computer of mine . Just needed it to connect an External DVD Burner , and it works for that and many more . Item arrived intact , and as promised . Box it was shipped in got a little damaged -LRB- probably through the mail -RRB- , but it works just fine , been using it for 2-3 months now with now problems , and with 7 peripherals attached .
 I could n't believe how simple the installation was , I had a more hard time taking the cover off my CPU then actually installing the card . Although it does n't come with any instructions or drivers , its plug and play technology worked like a charm . A few tips when installing , make sure you have PC spray cleaner because if you have n't taken your CPU 's cover off in awhile , it will be very dusty in the inside and also check out this website for a little tutorial on how to install your card
 It is a real space saver . Plays DVD , Divx andsome Xvid.Region free , NTSC/PAL formats , 110/230V automatically.It does not skips but prefers clean disks.Seems pricey . I bought it for $ 97 withshipping . Good stuff .
 I 'm 6 ' 7 '' and I hunted for a long time to find just the right backpack for me which finally led me here . I 've always been a fan of Timbuk2 and when my old Jansport finally tore in a way that a simple stitch could no longer solve , I bought this gem . Unlike most backpacks , this thing does n't make me feel like I have the armpit equivalent of a wedgie . For a person of normal stature , it would seem a little large , but it is spot on perfect for me . This backpack is big , not huge - but certainly big . I can fit 2 Macbooks , one 12 '' G4 laptop , a 15 '' Macbook Pro , several books and two 1 liter beer bottles -LRB- I work at a brewery -RRB- in here all at the same time with room to spare . That said , the way this backpack is sewn together you can travel with the bare minimum in it and it does n't look saggy -LRB- like a tent without the poles -RRB- . Part of the thanks for this is the rigid backing of it . Growing up with softpacks , you 'll be familiar with the weird shifting and aching you get when you put an unusually shaped object in a backpack . Well , you can load this up with the most awkward of objects and it feels no different on your back.The pockets are really well laid out with subpockets that organize your stuff perfectly -LRB- iPod , compact cameras , pens , memory cards , keys , etc -RRB- . Inside the main compartment , closest to your back , you 'll find an elastic pocket to keep your laptop in . This compartment is perfect for two reasons
 I bought the underground because I needed a larger bag for school , but also need a laptop sleeve , plenty of room for markers , pens pencils , erasers , and my TI-83 . With all the little pockets and the large main pocket it has plenty of room for all my text books , note books and stationery . The only odd thing about it is the MP3 player pocket , which can also hold a small CD player , it has sealed flap so you can listen to your tunes in the rain , from what I guess , but because it 's a backpack you 'd have to take the pack off after each album , and since timbuk2 bags are marketed towards cyclists you would think they would try to discourage listen to music while on the road . But , nonetheless , it still receives a rating of five -LRB- 5 -RRB- stars from me.After over a year the bag is still going strong , the only problem has been the carrying strap has started to fray at one seam . As Toasters said , laptops are n't really a problem so long as it is widescreen or small , My 15 '' macbook fits really well , my now dead 12 '' Ibook G4 fit well , my Dell Latitude D420 fits best even with power block , I ca n't even notice my ASUS EEE PC 1000 , the only problem was my Dell Inspiron 6000 , a 17 '' fullscreen monstrosity rented to me -LRB- read forced on me -RRB- by work , does not come close to fitting . Along with the above laptops on any given day I also carry four spiral note books -LRB- 3x class 1x work -RRB- a 1000 Page Calculus Textbook , a 500 page Engineering text book -LRB- Both hardcover -RRB- and a softcover 200 page chemistry textbook , as well as files for clients , a TI-89 , all writing and school utensils . All of that and I still have unused room , I just started keeping a portable HDD + extra-long usb cable , Ethernet cable , and an assortment of flash drives and SD cardsI hope this update did n't ramble too much , it 's just such a good bag for students , especially if you ride your bike around campus a lot .
 I really , really like this bag . It 's the usual sturdy , smart design that Timbuk2 seems to employ with every item . I recently switched from a shoulder bag that was causing some back pain . The backpack has alleviated that pain and I 'm really happy with the purchase . It can hold a ton , is very durable and most of all , comfortable . My only real complaints would lack of zippered compartments and silly top , outer pocket . It flaps , opens oddly and does n't really serve any purpose . Hard to explain , but it 's useless most of the time .
 This backpack is exactly what I wanted , albeit a little expensive . My wife has a Timbuk2 messenger bag , so when I needed a backpack , I checked out their stuff . Very smartly laid out , lots of pockets to keep things organized . It is hands-down the most comfortable backpack I have ever carried . It 's not small , but it sits so nicely on my shoulders that it feels like carrying something much less substantial . I bought it on Amazon because they had the same price as the Timbuk2 website , but I got free shipping .
 This is a great wireless device for installation of CAR DVD system . This provides the stero sound coming from your CAR DVD Player to your car speakers without wires .
 The irock ! 300w Wireless Music Adapter does what it 's supposed to do so I give it 4 stars . ... you get FM quality sound from your CD/MP3 player into your -LRB- car -RRB- stereo . Not CD quality but decent stereo sound . It is lightweight and VERY easy to use . Best of all - NO WIRES dangling from your car stereo . If you 're an audiophile and expect more , you really need to spend ... and invest in a better stereo.I bought the irock ! 300w to be able to listen to my MP3s in my car . When I first plugged the unit in , I must say I was disappointed . All I got was a faint signal and lots of static . I put the darn thing right on the car antenna ! Same thing . But then I found that I had to turn the volume up to maximum on my MP3 player . Voila ! I got great sound from anywhere in my car . Now I just put the player and the 300W in the console and you never know it 's there . I suspect that those who had problems with their units never turned the volume up on their players or have lots of local interference . -LRB- There is a station on one of the designated FM frequencies but it does n't interfere with the other three . -RRB- I also found that for certain players , turning up the volume too high results in a lot of distorted sound.Why four stars ? 1 -RRB- The power button is too easily activated by accident . This results in a lot of dead batteries . 2 -RRB- It goes through a pair of AAA batteries in about 4-6 hours of continuous use . So a pair lasts about a week for me . ... I should probably get rechargeable batteries . 3 -RRB- The signal does seem to drift from time to time.Still , all in all , a good value ... If you expect more , buy a better stereo instead of an inexpensive wireless adapter . If you 're looking for an inexpensive way to listen to MP3s in your car , this is definitely an option to consider .
 My wife and I took a trip from coastal Georgia to central Tennessee this weekend . This was the first road trip with our iPod , and I could n't stand the thought of having only 10 CDs to rifle through in the car changer . We 'd be forced to listen to the myriad of horrible radio on the way . That stretch of I-95 is a deadzone for decent stations , and once you hit the mountains , nothing can be picked up.Clearly , I needed to use the iPod on my car stereo.I picked up an Irock ! It 's a small FM transmitter that allows a portable music device to be its own little radio station . I hooked the iPod up and we were off.I read lots of horrible reviews about the Irock ! Many complained that it had a weak frequency and that static broke through , despite having a relatively clear channel . My experience was overwhelmingly positive . The device has four station choices . Even when none of the freqencies were completely empty , the Irock ! was able to broadcast over the existing channel . We only had to change frequencies once -LRB- 88.5 for Georgia and South Carolina , 88.7 for North Carolina and TN -RRB- . Having 2000 songs in your car is so much better than the 120 or so my changer provides . Plus , there were no cords to run or annoying static , just music . If you 're in the market , get an Irock ! I ca n't vouch for use in major cities ; but for our area and the range of travel this weekend , it was perfect .
 Do n't let the negative reviews distract you from this wonderful device . I ` mnot saying the reviews are misleading or inaccurate , you just have to knowwhat you 're buying and how to use it . The Irock is a very low power FMtransmitter , which connects to any audio device through it 's phono minijack . That being said , you need to know the limits of a very low power FMtransmitter . It 's not going to work 30 feet away . The quality increases thecloser you place it to the receiver antenna . It will never surpass the FMstereo quality you 're used to hearing over the radio , even if you connect itto the best CD player . It 'll fuzz out when you pass under high power lines , just like normal radio . You 'll encounter cross talk with other nearby radiostations on the same freq , just like normal radio . It 's a radio transmitter.All the physics that apply to radio , also apply to this device . That beingsaid , buy the iRock ! I have the RIOVolt sp-250 mp3/cd player in my backpackwith the Irock connected to it . If there is a radio anywhere around , I havea means to listen without headphones . Radios are everywhere . You do n't haveto worry about connecting/disconnecting . When I get out of my truck , I justgrab the backpack . I use it in my wife 's car and on my Harley -LRB- touring bikewith am/fm cassette -RRB- . I 've used it on my buddy 's boat . We tailgated once , and had three cars crankin ' the tunes off the Irock . I 've even consideredgetting those dorky looking FM headsets , so I could have wirelessheadphones . Bottom line
 Worked just fine for me the sound was good , channels easy to find and I could use it on a home portable stereo ; but I live on a small island .
 I bought my iRock before I read these other reviews . Works fine in my Honda Accord with the car 's antenna that 's integral with the back window . I use nickle metal hydride rechargeables , good for at least four hours per charge . No problem with frequencies , the iRock overpowers any spurious station . My car has a CD player , no tape player , so when I want a tape I use a portable player , usually on the passenger seat , with the iRock . Trouble free , clear sound . I 'm happy with it .
 I 've had an irock for about a year and it works really well for me . I had the SoundFeeder before and threw it away . It does n't lock on to a frequency and you have to keep manually tuning it all the time . The dial feature is n't helpful . It just causes it to drift off-frequency every time you hit a bump . Besides the irock is much cooler looking . It was well worth the extra $ 5 . I use it in downtown Chicago and it works just as well as my FM radio . It 's great to be able to listen to your MP3 player over your car stereo .
 I bought the irock for my sony minidisc player , and let me tell ya its works awesome .
 I was n't sure how this would work , given the difficulties discussed in some of these reviews . I 'm very happy with it , however , and it works flawlessly.I lived in central LA -- Beverly Hills to be exact , and potential interference was a major concern , as it would be in any large metropolitan area . I wanted to use the adapter to listen to language tapes in my car only equipped with a CD player . I have no problems with this , but my car is a 2003 model with a great stereo system.The sound quality is not as good as listening to music directly through my car CD player , but I do n't have any static or reception problems . All in all , it 's a great solution for my purposes , and should be for those who have a good stereo system and want to hear an MP3 they have n't put on CD , a cassette , or something else that their system does n't support .
 Overall , the product delivers as advertised . I must say however , that the range is surprisingly limited , often not stretching more than 10 feet . Forget about using it in the car unless the antenna is very close to the device . As a quick means of adding your MP3 or CD player to an existing stereo this works just fine .
 I bought this to replace cassette adapters that go bad at least yearly . At first , I had it on 88.3 , the only frequency in the St. Louis area that had no station . It was fuzzy and awful . But I switched it to 88.7 , which has a normal radio station , and it worked wonderfully . I hang it over the middle bar of my rearview mirror and it 's great . I have had no problems since I switched frequencies . But I think if it had more to choose from , it would be a better product to use .
 When I first got the iRock , I was very under impressed with the audio quality . I read some reviews here -LRB- and other places -RRB- and got fairly discouraged ... but then on a whim , I turned down the volume on my iPod , and now it sounds GREAT!I guess the iRock has a problem pumping out the sound if the iPod is set too loud . Now I set my iPod to a middle volume , and I turn up the amp on the reciever , and it sounds great . It also allows me to play the same music upstairs as downstairs . Very cool . : -RRB-
 I use my iRock in downtown Chicago . It works very well . I occasionally have to switch channels , but not very often . The other people who are having problems either have a bad stereo receiver -LRB- mines a high-end aftermarket JVC -RRB- or are n't turning the volume up high enough on their MP3 player . MP3 players -LRB- especially the iPod -RRB- are notorious for the low-output levels of the headphone jack . I have a Creative Muvo and it works great with the iRock . The sound quality is just as good as any FM station is usually listen to . I have noticed that the quality of the actual MP3 files can make a difference . I download from EMusic and some of their older files were n't so good . They just re-encoded everything and the sound quality is much better . Also , use it with my notebook to broadcast the sound from the DVD player to the car stereo during long trips . Turns my computer into a portable , in-car DVD system .
 The concept here is phenomenal . I have an Ipod , but since my car has only a CD player , and no tape deck , those cassette adapters were never any help . When I heard about the iRock , I bought it asap.I live in Brooklyn NY , where the iRock gets a lot of interference . I drive often to Manhatten , where the interference is even worse . But then again , I also drive a lot out to New Jersey , where it works perfect . So my advice is this - If you have a cassette player , your much better off buying the cassette adapters . If not , I still reccomend this product -LRB- i havent returned mine -RRB- but just be warned that you may exerience interference in some areas . Another side point - uses up batteries VERY fast .
 It 's working for me . Only thing is that I often have to mess with it to get my car to pick up the right channel signal , I do n't know if this is a problem with the signal strength or just the connection to my ipod.I tried a cassette adapter , but it produces a loud hiss and sounds horrible in my car , so I use the Irock which sounds a lot better.I have n't had any problems with stations overriding the Irock , but I live in the suburbs .
 My wife 's new car did n't come with a casette player , so we picked up the iRock . This works very well , so long as there are no radio stations interferring . I can place the iRock and iPod anywhere in the car , and get decent reception . I do have to crank up the volume on the iPod to get a good , non-distorted sound out of the car stereo.This is n't what you should use if you 're looking for sound quality equal to what you 'd expect right out of the audio device . This transmits on radio frequency , so it 's subject to interference . But as far as listening to music wherever I have access to a radio ... this thing works perfect .
 I 've had this gem for a little under over a week and its been great . The battery life seems incredibly long . The range seems to be about 50 yards . I live in the suberbs and most of the 88 stations are taken , but it just broadcasts over them with no cross talk . I 've had no issues with any part of this device . It 's been great .
 I liked this device at first sight . A very nice design which goes very well with my Rio MP3 player . The reception is cranky at times and I think it could be better . But overall I am satisfied with this unit .
 I bought the Irock wireless music adapter expecting to return it the next day . I figured it would n't meet my expectations but I love any new electronic gadget , and what the heck -LCB- it -RCB- has a 30 return policy , so I bought it . Well it more than met my expectations . The salesman told me it has to be close to the radio in order for it to work . That 's true in my car where I have a cheap radio , but in my wifes car , where she has a better quality radio , it works great . In my house I can walk through most of the house and still get great sound from my home stereo . The Irock music adapter will work as good as the stereo your using it with . Also make sure you have fresh batteries in it . I perfer Alkaline batteries over re-chargables . I love this thing and will not be returning . I even convinced my brother to buy one .
 I 've had mine for nearly a year . Use it in the car all the time . My car stereo has a CD player but no cassette deck or auxiliary input . This thing is perfect for use with my MP3 player , cassette player -LRB- books on tape -RRB- , and shortwave radio.Having 4 available frequencies is good for traveling , when near a local station that 's using one of them -LRB- they tend to be college stations , with relatively weak signals , so they fade quickly & do n't ` bleed ' into nearby frequencies -RRB- . This thing usually overpowers any station , however - has a pretty strong signal , although I sometimes have to move it around a bit to get clear reception -LRB- due to the car 's frame ? -RRB- . Outside of the car , the signal stays strong for at least 50 feet.I recommend using rechargeable AAA batteries - they 'll perform well as this device drains fairly quickly . And the on/off button is sensitive , so it turns on when not in use unless you store it carefully in the car . I 've wasted a few sets of batteries by tossing the thing in the back seat .
 I purchased iRock intending to broadcast iTunes playlists from a lap top to a home stereo system . In this situation , the fidelity is similar to the reception of our local radio stations and improves with proximity . For the price , it is worth trying .
 You do not need an iPod to use an iRock . Any device that has a head phone jack can use the iRock . Just though I 'd make that point clear!I recently went on a car trip for the weekend and used the iRock the whole time . Works really well -LRB- as long as there are no stations on a close frequency -RRB- . FM quality , great for the average car stereo.Also works great on portable stereos . I originally brought it for my girlfriend who has a boom-box type of stereo in her room . She is very happy with the quality .
 I 've had the irock ! for a week , and it works great . Even though I live only 10 miles out of Boston , I had no problem finding two empty frequencies that the irock ! could use . The sound quality is as good as any radio station on the dial , and the signal strength meter on my home stereo reads 4 out of 5 . I think I must have a different model than others have described - mine has no external antenna . The range is outstanding . Playing songs on my laptop , I was able to walk anywhere in my house and maintain good , stereo sound . It 's especially convenient in our old car , which has no cassette player . The sound quality was perfect , and did not drift with antenna placement . I am very pleased with this device .
 I see many commuters wearing headphones - I myself was one of these . My car has a CD/AM/FM stereo , and my little mp3 player is how I listen to audiobooks . I kept buying different headphones , driving with one headphone on , etc. , trying to strike a balance between audio quality and SAFE DRIVING . My bride gave me the iRock for Christmas , and it works GREAT . You have 4 FM frequencies to choose from in the 88 range , so you can find the setting that works best . I have found that it will even mask a storng signal from a chosen frequency and play the Irock-enabled audio . I would give this 5 stars , but it comes with NO instructions , and the package does not indicate battery requirement , although 2 AAA 's are needed . It is pretty easy to figure out
 I bought the Emerson and Arkon model before purchasing the 300w , and they do not compare . The Emerson transmitter needs to be manually tuned and the signal often times drifts which is very annoying when trying to drive . On the other hand , the irock 300w automatically locks onto the proper station and the sound is excellent !
 I had a problem with my cassette player in my old Ford station Wagon and was planning to replace it with a new one which can play CD 's and MP3 also -LRB- I have some 600 + mp3 songs and loves good music/sound/quality etc. -RRB- . But lucky that I did a small research and found a better alternative.what u need is this great gadget and CD/MP3 player and a car cigeratte light power adapter . -LRB- cost -LSB- $ -RSB- total , Since I did n't have any of them -RRB- I got the review of this product from here but bought it from -LSB- local store -RSB- , for -LSB- $ -RSB- incl tax.I would like to tell you that this is one great product which delivered in such a way that I was so overwhelmed.Just for people who has the same requirement as mine.Buy the iRiver CD/MP3 player which gives an excellent quality/price ratio.NB : Don ; t forget to switch of the unit while not in use.It uses power whether you play the player or not.A good buy and very good product .
 After reading so many negative reviews , I was not very confident when I bought this . I check out several other options , but this seemed the most effective and cost sensitive.I purchased a portable DVD player for long trips with the kids . I wanted two ways to listen . One with double headphones -LRB- kid movies -RRB- and one for the whole car -LRB- concerts , etc -RRB- . I found the Irock was the answer for the second solution . I bought it and a 6 foot extension cord to be able to put the DVD player anywhere in the car and thought I needed to move the Irock around to keep a strong signal -LRB- see others reviews -RRB- . I plugged it in and put the volume to 7 on the player , then turned the radion on to 88.3 . It sounded pretty good . Then I took the Irock and dangled it over the lighter -LRB- right under the radio -RRB- . It sounded awesome . I drove over a hundred miles north of my city -LRB- San Jose , Ca -RRB- and it never once phased out . I have about 6 hours on the first set of batteries and it still is working great . When I store it , I take 1 battery out to make sure it does n't turn on by accident.I think it is great and I am going to buy another one for the house to play my MP3 's from my computer to my stereo .
 I just got an iRock from over at and I was very excited to get it . When I plugged it in to my iPod the sound quality was HORRIBLE . I tried using it for a day and eventually was just about ready to give up . I looked at the reviews on Amazon.com and half of them said that the iRock simply had horrible -LRB- unusable -RRB- quality , and was nothing more than a gimmick . I fished the packaging out of the trash when I jumped into a neighbors car for a run to the grocery store and I fired it up `` one last time '' . On a whim I turned the volume down on my iPod and up on the car stereo and the sound became crystal clear!It was amazing how good it sounded ! That 's exactly what I was looking for.I now LOVE my Link-it !
 I bought the Irock wireless music adapter expecting to return it the next day . I figured it would n't meet my expectations but I love any new electronic gadget , and what the heck Radio Shack has a 30 return policy , so I bought it . Well it more than met my expectations . The salesman told me it has to be close to the radio in order for it to work . That 's true in my car where I have a cheap radio , but in my wifes car , where she has a better quality radio , it works great . In my house I can walk through most of the house and still get great sound from my home stereo . The Irock music adapter will work as good as the stereo your using it with . Also make sure you have fresh batteries in it . I perfer Alkaline batteries over re-chargables . I love this thing and will not be returning . I even convinced my brother to buy one .
 If I 'd read these reviews I 'd have second thoughts about buying an Irock . I 'm glad I did n't . I 'm currently listening to music from my satellite TV channel over my home stereo system via Irock -- great -- and no commercials ! I 've also used it to pipe stations from my laptop to the same system -- and as `` wireless headphones '' for the satellite TV . I 'm getting an easy 20 foot range through partitions , etc. , and have listened to it on a couple of other table radios . I did pick up a 3v DC adapter from Radio Shack -- and it solves the battery `` problem '' for my use . -LRB- I 'd been using NiMh batteries -RRB- . Although we 're in a metropolitan area -- and have a PBS station at 88.5 -- I 'm using 88.1 on the Irock and have experienced no interference . To be honest I have n't tried it in a car yet -LRB- and probably wo n't ! -RRB- but , for me , it 's a great -- and inexpensive -- addition to my array of gadgets ! -LRB- Even my wife agrees ! -RRB-
 This is an excellent 4-port USB 2.0 hub . It flawlessly handles every peripheral I plug into it . It also has an excellent , sideways-mounting power converter which fits compactly into a single outlet in a power strip without overlapping to block other outlets . So long as it continues to work well , I 'm a happy camper . -LRB- I 've read that Belkin 's burn out . I 'm waiting to see how well the ADS-TECH handles the job over the long run . So far , very well . -RRB-
 The 64 MB irock is the coolest , cheapest mp3 player out there . The player itself has good sound qual . you cant beat it ! I do suggest you get a better pair of headphones , though . It 's software WORKS WITH WINDOWS XP !! There are no drivers to install . You can also use MusicMatch to put music on the player . I had 26 songs on mine , in 10 minutes ! This mp3 player isnt for those people who want the song title to appear on the LCD screen ... because it does n't . It runs on 1 AAA battery and is the size of a floppy disk -LRB- well a bit smaller -RRB- ... Mario
 Excellent , and ADORABLE , computer Mouse for Kids ' use , for playing pre-school learning software and fun computer games . -LRB- -LRB- It 's for IBM-type computers , not for Mac -RRB- -RRB- My small Grandchildren just love it !!
 I got this player a few weeks ago and the player itself is great . But the software ... its not that good . The sound quality of the player is very good . This item is very useful for my trips but the battery life is not so long . This Irock player is great
 The software it comes with is amazing , and the best part about the IROCK is that you are able to use Windows Media Player to manage what goes on it . The IROCK software formats the card , and is able to search through your computer for tracks . It is really your choice which you will use to get on your way to listening pleasure . The quailty of sound is shocking , even on lower kps levels .
 I purchased an iRock 520 with 64Meg in August 02 . I use it for running and it makes quite a difference . Techno music and running are a great combination imho . I use a 128Meg SmartMedia card with it ; unfortunately the format is not compatable with my Zio SM reader . The iRock draws about 100ma -LRB- milliamps -RRB- and uses a single alkaline aaa cell -LRB- about 600 ma-hrs -RRB- and so is good for about four hours . I just bought an iConcepts charger with 4 aaa ni-mh cells -LRB- also 600 ma-hrs -RRB- which works well but note that their voltage is about 1.25 v . In cold weather they 're good for about three hours . These cells are small enough so that it is easy to carry a spare . Replacement is easy . There is a low battery indicator but I simply run it till it dies . The controls on the iRock are limited but adequate . You need to skip forward or backward to locate a song which is only denoted by number . On the other hand , the controls are easily operated one-handed so you can change song or volume while running . Volume and tone are good . Twice -LRB- in approx . 100 hrs of use -RRB- the player 's audio stopped even though the controls were functioning . This problem was solved by removing and reinserting the cell which is easily done . I suspect the internal computer needed a reset . The iRock comes with earbuds and a wriststrap , both of which I found useless . It is small , light , and fits easily in a pocket or a pouch -LRB- in which case the wriststrap may be useful for extracting it -RRB- . The iRock connects to the USB port and so it 's easy to alter the playlist with appropriate software.The software is the weak spot . IRock Audio Manager -LRB- v3 .4.111 , by Rio -RRB- is good for formatting and arranging play order but poor at creating play lists while Windows Media Player -LRB- v7 .01 -RRB- is better for arranging play lists and will usually load it but not always in the correct sequence . Neither program recognizes the other 's playlist nor can they download the playlist from the iRock . Thus , if you want to put a copy on your computer or another device , it appears that you must copy the listing manually -LRB- i.e. with a pencil !!! -RRB- from the iRock and rebuild it . Audio Manager also occasionally shuts down unexpectedly on my Win98 OS . Nevertheless , it does work . If you 're into distance running , an mp3 player can greatly improve the experience . I do n't run without it anymore .
 I have had this player for four years , and back in that day it was $ 99.00 . I added a 128 mb smart media upgrade and have had four years of success with the player . I will say that the software sucks but you can get a simpler version online now . Mine worked great although the LCD screen broke due to my misuse . It has been through much in the laundry , outside and more , and never broken . That is except for now , the headphone jack has finally worn out . Im searching for a new one , but respect the great one I have had for so long and its extreme durability .
 Not sure the issue some folks have with this unit . I have two of the 128mb internal memory versions along with 128mb viking smc and they work fine . If you want to use a smc card from another gizmo you may have to use the irock wipe utility -LRB- different than the format utility -RRB- and vice versa . Only drawback is the battery life - definitely get a rechargeable setup .
 I do n't understand the complaints about the software . It 's not very good , but it works . I have an XP machine and can transfer songs fine without any problems . This is a cute MP3 player and it works fine .
 Just bought the Irock 64MB unit . It is inexpensive , very small , can be expanded using Smartmedia cards , and comes with software , headset and battery . Sound quality is very good , sounds as good as my computer when playing MP3 's . Device interface is OK given the small size . You can pretty quickly find a track and play it using the jog-toggle type switch and buttons.Software for managing your tracks and downloading to the machine is OK , but nothing great . It works on my ME machine , but the controls seem less than intuitive . You will find yourself referring to the CD-based manual a lot . There is no hard copy manual , and the scanned version on the CD is poor quality but readable and useable.The headphones supplied are good , but the iRock does not seem to handle standard headphones - volume drops dramatically and sound quality deteriorates . Does anyone know what causes this?For the money , its a good machine and is ideal for my intended use - keeping it in my briefcase for music when flying or waiting at airports .
 Recieved mine last year for Christmas , and at first was completely turned off by the interface of the software that came with it . The software also stopped working somewhere in the middle of the year . I could not place songs on my irock , nor could I remove songs , but the software would connect and let me see the songs . Baffeling really!However , with a little tinkering I got it working again , and truthfully I do n't know what the problem was or how it was fixed in the end . All I know is that the player itself is a handy little gadget , it 's affordable , is n't too hard to figure out and works very well . I am happy with the player ! I should also note that my niece has the same exact player and has had the same exact problems with the software , but hers works now too.The software on the other hand ... well I 'm still TRYING to get along with it . It seems to get buggy everynow and again and can be a pain , but like everything , you have to learn it and learn what works and what does n't work.So , in the end , I would recommend this product to anyone looking for an affordable mp3 player that gets the job done. : -RRB-
 I have a lot of mp3 players and I know some are rotten , but the irock mp3 players are great ! They have wonderful sound and if you add a media card , you get 128 megabites of memory !!! Good for the person who has a good amount of music and who likes compact players -LRB- dont we all ? -RRB- . GREAT PLAYER !!!!
 I have a lot of mp3 players and I know some are rotten , but the irock mp3 players are great ! They have wonderful sound and if you add a media card , you get 128 megabites of memory !!! Good for the person who has a good amount of music and who likes compact players -LRB- dont we all ? -RRB- . GREAT PLAYER !!!!
 Christmas present to go with the Sansa SanDisk e100 . Does n't cover the player face , but it has a belt clip so it offers some versatality over the plastic case that comes with the player . Shipped and received as promised .
 The case hugs the player very well . The downside is that the case does not cover the front . I cut a thin , flexible piece of plastic to slide between the cover and the player . Problem solved and the player is fully protected . One reviewer commented about the hard belt clip . You can take it off .
 My son really likes the case . It has a belt clip and he is glad that he does n't have to put his Sansa in his pocket anymore .
 This was a great value , and has performed well . I recently replaced it with a LCD screen to save electricity , but it works .
 I have heard many great things about Griffin Technology products but only sampled them recently when I upgraded my computer . This is a fantastic hub that confirms Griffin 's great reputation.I purchased this hub along with Griffin 's PowerWave ; they recommend that you use this hub with the PowerWave and the iMic . I 'm told that most hubs are asynchronous -LRB- irregular -RRB- but the USB-Audio hub is isochronous -LRB- at regular intervals -RRB- -- a must for USB-audio devices.The hub works as advertised -LRB- but two tips
 I am using this hub on an iMac mini with a Griffin iMic USB external sound card -LRB- for sound input -RRB- , an mAudio 61es Keystation , a 250 gig USB drive , and occasionally a 1 gig USB thumb drive . It works flawlessly ... I have never had any issue with it.I am able to use Garageband to record from the keyboard to the hard drive while listening to the audio - all of that stuff is going through the USB hub without any hiccups - worked the first time without even thinking about it.Except for plugging stuff in , I forget it is even there ... What more could I ask for ?
 I had a hub that I replaced with this switch . Replacement was simple -- just plug it in and move all of my cables from my hub to the switch . This could n't have been more simple . As an added bonus , the switch is even smaller than my 4-port mini-hub !
 This is a great , simple switch - perfect for home networking .
 If you need to upgrade an older computer to support directX 9.0 - like if your kids want to play computer games like spongebob or pixar cars etc - this is the card for you . This is the cheapest one I could find that would support directX 9.0 . Any windows operating system from 98 on up will support directX but if your hardware does n't support it - you 're out of luck .
 Not a gamers card but great for business use . If you are not a gamer this card is all you need .
 I bought this to install in my father-in-law 's ancient Gateway box , so that he could drive a modern wide-screen LCD that was beyond the capability of the computer 's onboard graphics.The card popped into place in about a second and worked perfectly . Windows XP warns that the drivers have not been certified and may not work , but they work fine for my father-in-law . No complaints .
 I upgraded to a flat screen monitor on an older computer and this APG compatible card was just the ticket to get the right resolution working for the new monitor .
 I have a Dell computer that 's about 4 years old . It has the built-in Intel graphics adapter . I needed something better for my kids to be able to play Lego Indiana Jones . This card has worked great . No problems . Some reviewers mentioned that it increased the overall speed of their computer . I did n't notice that , but I was n't really expecting it . Do n't forget to disable your on-board video before you finish the install !
 I have no complaints about this card . I primarily bought it for its S-VIDEO output , and have no real use for any of its 3D capabilities . Thus , it is probably overkill for my purposes , but it is hard to find cheaper cards than this . If your requirements match mine , then you really ca n't go wrong . The only problem I have is that there are no free drivers for Linux .
 This graphic card is perfect for the price . I 'm not a gamer , so I ca n't say it would be any good for that . But , for average computer use , it is great .
 I was looking for inexpensive card , which will give decent quality and support 1440x900 . To my surprise , I did n't need to install any driver - WinXP SP2 installed correct driver right away . Works great ! Perfect solution for older systems.Installed on Intel Essex MoBo w/Pentium 4 -LRB- AGP 2.0 , 4x -RRB-
 I purchased this board to upgrade a friend 's computer . Worked like a charm ! Very happy with my purchase to say the least .
 I needed to upgrade my video card to play the game Civilization 4 . I could find nothing that verified that this light version of this video card would do the job and decided to just chance it . No problem . It went right into the slot , and the game worked fine . The most onerous part of the whole project was cleaning out the inside of my tower as long as I had it uncabled and open !
 I was looking for a low priced video card That would work in a AGP card slot , at the same time work with a new wide screen monitor . This works great with a 1440 X 900 pixel resolution wide screen monitor .
 This is the best card you can get to modernize an older system.Like I have done for my 5 and 6 yr olds.It 's 2x compatible and friendly to an older bios.Even though I did buy a new bios for my old slot 1 never die 800mhzpiii . It drives graphics nicely in an environment where most modern cards would fail.So in closing kudos to Evga for this excellent product for us computer hoarders . lol
 This is the cheapest upgrade from the standard cards that come on most computers . It does the job needed when the standard cards do NOT . I do n't play high-end games , but I DO play some online games and THIS WORKS !
 Works just fine . I do n't have any heavy video usage . Handles everything I need it to handle .
 I purchased this card to replace a defective video card in a friends computer . The card is working just fine and is serving it 's intended purpose very well .
 Graphics card was rather easy to identify and locate.Arrived intact.Installed in an older system running XP-Pro with a P4 processor.uninstalled old card via the device manager.Installation was easy.System recognized the card.Executed a reboot after install.System responded.Set display parameters.Performed another reboot.System came back up with no issues.Truly this was a `` plug-n-play '' exercise .
 I am sort of a computer guy and i got this item with an amazong gift card to make a computer ru windows 7 as soon as i did I got an offer on my ad . I 'm not even sure if i want to sell it now its running so smooth . dont listen to those people who say this card is a bottleneck for windows 7 everything works great but make sure that you download drivers from the website because the disc 's do n't support aero for some reason .2.5 ghz p4 cpu1gb drr ramthis video card175 watt psuand everything 's working fineoh do n't expect this to play high def games though it will only play games like minecraft and shockwave games.should play spore and sims 3 in low settings .
 Had no trouble installing the card . It gave my old PC more video memory and lest me run programs that I was unable to use previously .
 The item was exactly what I needed for my older Dell desktop . Best Buy does n't carry these types of cards anymore due to the age of the technology .
 Good card for the price . I can still run some modern games with ease . IE ages of empire 3 . Not an extremely powerful card but well worth the money
 Great ! I was a little sketchy about if this would work with my old computer but it came through for me ! -LRB- sort of -RRB- When opening the box I realized the metal thing -LRB- where you screw it in securely -RRB- was sticking too high out of my computer , so I had to cut that down -LRB- a risk that came with a reward -RRB- . BUT that was just for my computer , it 's not technically a `` tower '' so it did n't fit perfectly , so anyone who has a tower you do n't have to cut it , do n't worry . It was simple to install , plug it in , my computer gave me a black screen , just hit F1 to save changes . Put in the CD , I did try to hit install the drivers on the CD but it did n't let me . It said `` works with Windows xp and vista 32 and 64 bit '' . BUT since I do have windows 7 and anyone else who 's wondering if it works with windows 7 I can guarantee it does . Windows 7 will automatically install your correct drivers for you , restart your computer when they 're done , and your all set and ready to go . It does come with directX 9 and I did n't have windows 7 aero before but now I do , so it does make it so you can have aero .
 I bought this to replace the AGP card in my girlfriends Dell Dimension 4600 . The original FX5200 had a DVI input but this one does not . Not too big a deal but just thought I 'd let everyone know . I installed the card and it worked great !
 This card does what i want it to do which is power a small pc and it does it very well -LRB- win xp , intel 4 2.8 ghz , 2 gig mem -RRB- .
 it works good but the update from nvideo is from 2007 and is the only update for it
 I bought this card as a replacement for a Radeon card that got infected with a virus that apparently Radeon would not/could not address . This card works just fine for my needs and I 'd recommend it to anyone needing another .
 Although it was my goof-up and bought the wrong video card , the one ordered came within the shipping time selected and in great condition . Was well packaged to prevent damage .
 Take off the heatsink . Put on a Spire 3A09S2 fan . I 've gone from 250 Mhz Core to a 306 Mhz ; and a 400 Mhz memory to a 514 Mhz . Get it Done . ` Nuf Said . Lone Ranger 10-10
 Nothing fancy here , seems solid . All my soldered pins work and it seems well grounded , I get less interference than the molded plug I replaced .
 I 'm currently using this drive , and it works perfectly . CenDyne may be out-of-business , but I 've had zero problems with it . It has been as reliable as other CD-RW burners like Plextor , HP , NEC , etc. . It will burn all CD formats without making any plastic coasters .
 Wow . Let me just say that this product exceeded my expectations . Right out of the box , it took me about 3 minutes to get everything plugged in and the software installed . I was watching TV on my Mac literally 5 minutes after it arrived at my door . The unit comes with a free subscription to the online TitanTV program guide . The TitanTV is half the reason I 'm so excited about this product . It is freakishly easy to use and you can literally set it to record a program with one click . - ONE CLICK !!! The TitanTV service somehow syncs itself up with the EyeTV program and everything is very seamless , elegant , and EXTREMELY easy to use . I was completely blown away by how easy everything is . I was ready to sit down and take a while to read manuals , etc. and try to figure this sucker out , but there 's really nothing to it!The picture quality also surprised me . I am running it on a new iMac G5 -LRB- 17 '' , 1.8 ghz , 1GB RAM , 64MB Graphics -RRB- , and everything LOOKS GREAT ! -LRB- even at full screen -RRB- I have n't recorded anything yet , but it does record at a lower resolution , so recorded shows will probably look slightly less stunning at full screen , but I have high hopes.Overall , I am extremely pleased . And would recommend it to anyone who is already interested enough to read this review . BUY IT ! You WILL NOT be disappointed ! Do keep in mind , however , that results will vary depending on the machine you are running it on . My iMac does the job fine , but a G4 Mac might struggle a bit ... -LSB- EDIT -RSB- - I now use it on my PowerBook G4 , no difference in picture - still GREAT ! -LSB- EDIT -RSB- - Recording looks great !
 I 've had my EyeTv 200 for a couple of weeks now , and I 've found that the clarity of the on-screen image is dependant upon your signal . I only have the regular TV stations that come in through an amplified TV antenna . The stations with a good signal are clear on the computer screen while those with weak signals are not so clear . Also , if you have problems with the TV signal for your regular TV then that problem may be amplified and look even worse with the EyeTv . Cable and satellite customers should n't have any problems with image quality or set up.Set up is straight forward - no problems there , or with the software to make it work when you want . I had no problems getting it to work the first time through.The EyeTv box itself does seem to get a little warm when left on , which is easy to do because the Fire-wire cable provides power to it . So , I do n't set anything on top of it and give it a little extra space under my desk on a small shelf . Overall , a little better then I expected .
 Well , now I can tell you something about computer TV recorders for the Mac , from actual experience . I have more experience , in fact , than I would like to have had.First I got the myTV.PVR by Hauppauge , cheap -LRB- roughly $ 120 -RRB- . It ran , showing TV on my screen , and allowing channel selection for all our cable channels . It had a timer to catch programs , and I recorded a number of movies and a couple of Monk episodes . The movies had to be converted using a free online program in order to be recordable by Toast , and the synchronization between audio and video was imperfect . Then the unit began acting up
 As a recent convert from PC 's I had used another brand tuner in Windows . The Tyetv 200 is a much better product and I was up and running a few minutes after opening the box . Te biggest selling point was the firewire connection as I use a laptop and have limited USB ports.Good picture and sound quality . I would recommend this to an yone that wants a good tuner for their MAC .
 It started right up and ran fine for 3 hours but it crashed after that . Working with the support team I was able to get it going after a few false starts . It does work exactly as planned . The documentation with the system is poor . The on-line documentation is for an earlier version so I would rate this ** . The support personnel helped a lot but all communication was done by E-mail which was somewhat frustrating .
 I am very pleased with eyeTV 200 . It fills all my video recording and backup needs regardless of source -LRB- VCR , DVD , digital video camera , or cable TV -RRB- . I especially like being able to schedule TV recordings and automatically export to iTunes for my video iPod . I highly recommend purchasing/upgrading to Toast 7 when you purchase eyeTV 200 . By a single click a recorded program opens up the Video window in Toast 7 which in turn very quickly encodes & burns DVDs . The eyeTV programming Guide is directly linked with free TitanTV service , so there are no monthly fees and no encrypted content -LRB- unlike some popular DVR & commercial programming services -RRB- .
 I got this one after first buying the Miglia EvolutionTV PVR and returning it because the software did n't work well at all . The Eye TV works well and the new 2.0 software is somewhat easy to understand as well -LRB- it 's not as smooth as Apple stuff , but who 's is -RRB- and I 've had no problems editing the commercials out of the programs -LRB- it 's not as good as a iMovie , it 's rather basic , but it does work -RRB- and exporting it to a number of formats is quite easy.One of the things that I was looking for it to be able to do was export the audio only of some programs as I 'll listen to them on my iPod , but I do n't have the video iPod so I did n't need the video portion . It does this well , but I found to do anything over 6 minutes , you have to export in Apple lossless format.One of the nice things is that it does n't need external power since it runs on firewire . I did wish the firewire did n't need to directly go into my computer as I only have one firewire port , but I 'll live.Between this one and the Miglia , it 's better to pay the extra $ $ for the better software -LRB- unless you do n't intend to ever edit your recordings -RRB- .
 I owned an EskapeLabs myPVR and was not at all satisfied with the quality of the software and the amount of heat my PowerBook generated when using it . I purchased this Firewire unit instead and am very pleased so far . It needs no external power supply and my PowerBook is happily cruising at around 55 degress Celsius when on power supply -LRB- processor set to highest in System Preferences - > Energy Saver -RRB- and around 45 degrees Celsius when on battery . The EyeTV application has a medium CPU usage of around 30 % when encoding to MPEG2 at 720 x 480 which is excellent when compared to the 50 % + used by the EskapeLabs.The quality of the recordings is good , the software -LRB- EyeTV 1.8 or 2.1 -RRB- is way better than EskapeLabs ' myPVR , and I absolutely love the ability to cut out commercials off a recording without re-encoding the file again . But the best feature overall is the excellent customer support I have received from EyeTV before and after purchasing the product . They appreciate their customers ! Every time I had a question the turnaround via e-mail was at most four hours and by phone - instantly . Great company ! Keep it up .
 Love this item in conjunction with the Power Wave box also made by Griffin . I use it to push an older pair of Bose 301 's . Sounds great ! Wish they had made a 4 speaker breakout cable . Get the Power Wave and you can hook up to any computer via USB . Power Wave also allows you to hook up any turntable or tape deck to convert you old music into digital files .
 I have used this for years . I believe it was created for the original flat screen imac -LRB- the one with swivel screen -RRB- . Now I use it in conjunction with a griffin powerwave .
 I use this unit with the software supplied -LRB- Nero -RRB- with Win2K , on a 3-year-old desktop . I NEVER have had a problem . On the other hand , I struggled for 2 years with a far more expensive unit and CD Creator 5 -LRB- and all its patches and updates -RRB- , and got nothing but frustration.Others have mentioned the speed issue
 I 've had dozens of their 2000mha AAs that I 've been heavily using for well over a year along with 8 of their 1000mha AAAs . All have them been running fine at their expected mah rating . I 've forgotten them in LED flashlights & a portable MP3 player for a couple of months & still had hours of running time left.They 've excepted a charge fine every time on 3 of my chargers , all of different brands.I even cheated & put 10 of them in a 25 year old 10-cell Radio Shack Ni-cad charger lots of times the first few months I had them because I had no NiMh charger at the time . Of course I carefully timed the charge in the old unit ... 18-24 hours for fully discharged AA cells -LRB- about half that time for for AAAs -RRB- , 8 hours for partially discharged ones , & a couple hours to top them off if they were discharged just a little or laying around a month or so , & I 'll need full power for a long time.Anywho , with all the abuse those batteries got , every single one of them are still running fine . I even test them occasionally to see how long they last in my Shoreline single-cell AA & AAA LED flashlights by just leaving them on until they run down . Every time , they 've lasted just as long as Sony rechargeables of the same rating.However , about half of the AAs would not accept a charge on a fourth , Sony , 15-minute charger . So if you have problems , just try a different charger.I 'm buying 10 more of their 1000mah AAAs & a 20 pack of their newer 2500mha AAs today .
 I bought these for the control units for my RC Planes and Cars . Each control takes 8 AAs . They work great . They last as long or maybe a little longer than the non-recharagable kind . Will save me a lot of money in the long run .
 Pretty much what you would expect
 This case is built so well it will probably survive a nuclear holocaust . Durable , sturdy , lightweight , and very very safe . It is perfect for my needs .
 This aoc 7f monitor is worth a five star rating.Aoc is a monitor for home or office do not let the price fool you.The other monitors i have checked out ca n't compare with the aoc quality . While as a consumer i could have bought any monitor i could but im definitely pleased with aoc.While the other makers may have a big name aoc has a good price and quality in one .
 I needed to replace my Gateway Monitor from 98 . Instead of spending hundreds of dollars an a top notch monitor-when I will problably get a whole new computer system in a couple of years - I purchased the AOC.For the price , quality , FREE SHIPPING and we received it in 2 days ... you cant go wrong !!
 I 'm very pleased with this monitor . The picture is very sharp and defined . There are plenty of controls to adjust centering , color temperature , and size . You could sure pay more and get the same quality picture but I think you 'd be hard pressed to find a monitor this good at this price . There 's a 3 year warranty and currently Amazon has free shipping and no tax . It would cost you more to get in your car and pick one up at the store !
 I purchases my first computer 5 years ago , and it 's still going . Of course I now have 5 laptops and a PC besides this ... but it 's still a nice back up computer . But it needed a new monitor . I kept putting it off , because frankly I did not want a pricey item for a old set that stick it 's spoon in the wall at any given moment . So when I saw this I was delighted . It got it with free shipping so off the bat saved $ 30 + . Also , I had an amazon.com gift certificate I received from buying electronics . So I ended up getting this monitor for a song.But when I opened it up , I was very impressed . The picture was clear and sharp , does not look `` cheap '' at all . The PC picked it up immediate and within a minute all was perking right along.So for a replacement on an older PC , or building a PC on your own , this is one super buy for one very good monitor .
 This is a great monitor for the price . -LRB- ... -RRB- The quality of the picture is also good and the warranty is another perk . I searched all over the web and this is the best deal out there . Good Luck !
 This is my second review for this item . We are extremely pleased with it.Fast duplication . Quality great .
 Received product in a timely manner.This is my second AOC monitor . very happy with quality of product .
 I like these monitors for the price . We are an eng . company and the work fine for us so far .
 Works perfectly - will buy again ! Plugged into aCables To Go - 09453 - 50ft DB9 M/F All Lines Extension Cableto provide serial port link to my computer from my workbench across the room . Solder on a couple leads with aHakko Soldering Station , FX-888and someKester 44 Rosin Core Solder 63/37 .031 '' 1 lb . Spool , wire into aBB400 Solderless Plug-in BreadBoard , 400 tie-points , 4 power rails , 3.3 x 2.1 x 0.3 in -LRB- 84 x 54 x 9mm -RRB- , and you 're off and running ! If you 're interested in getting into computer interfacing , data acquisition , and control , the serial port is a great place to start .
 I have had this model for about a month . Have had no problems color and picture have been great . Thinking about purchasing their 42 inch in the near future .
 Pros
 Bought this to replace a 37in tube.Pros
 Cuts my terminating time literally in half ! Highly recommend this punchdown accessory blade . Now why do I have to keep typing more words ?
 I didnt think it would work that well by looking at the pic , but it works suprisingly well ! Fits all the jacks and pannels i have used so far , icc , lutron , amp , ect . My boss made me buy him one , lol . Great idea , works perfect !
 The double 110 is a nice thing to have when punching multiple pairs down , it makes it so much faster
 Now before any electronics enthusiasts jump in with `` you could have gotten a better deal here with this thing and that thing and blah blah blah '' I do n't care . I bought this TV and I am extremely happy with it . On with the review.First
 I 've had an older model of this tv for almost two years . It broke once in the first month , got it fixed for free from best buy . It 's been working great since then.A lot of the reviews complain about misalignment or severe bowing around the corners . My tv does n't do this at all , but I have seen some that have . My guess is that it 's the luck of the draw -- I got lucky . The only problem with the screen is best buy 's fault . When they fixed it , they must have turned the brightness up , because now i have a minor burn-in on the lower right corner ... way to piss me off ! My other complaint is that CRT 's are old technology . They are so damn heavy , it 's a pain to move it . Check out LCD 's . My recommendation is if you 're on a severe budget but want an HDTV , get this . Get it at a local store because there are many potential problems , you can just go get it swapped.If , however , you have a little more -LRB- meaning a couple hundred more -RRB- to spend , I 'm going to suggest the Sharp Aquos line of tv 's . If you shop at the right times , you can get a 26 '' or even a 30 '' for around 700 . If you 're in the market for an HDTV and want quality , you 're pretty limited to Samsung -LRB- best -RRB- , Sony , and Sharp . Everything is notably inferior when compared side to side . If you 're going for extreme budget , go with Vizio.I give this four stars because for the my tv , it 's a great quality with a good budget . However , compare it to an LCD , and there are a lot of faults . One thing CRT 's will always have an upper hand is the richness of black colors . Happy Shopping !
 I have no idea how anyone could complain about this television.I 've had it for a little over a month and it 's changed the way I watch TV.The picture quality is amazing , the sound though is what surprised me.Even without a surround sound system , the television 's own speakers provide astonishingly crystal clear sound . This is the sort of TV that makes me wish my digital cable provider made available all HD-channels rather than just a handful.The set was just what I wanted , an inexpensive , easy way to get myself into the HD-arena . I still want to buy a plasma screen in a year or two , but for right now I am most pleased .
 It has fulfilled every single thing I have wanted from an HDTV , the picture is amazing , the amount of inputs is great too . I highly recommend this TV .
 These headphone hangers are exactly what I 've been needing for my rack for years . Instead of just laying expensive headphones on a table , hanging them on a mic stand -LRB- where they fall off -RRB- , or worse yet lying them on the floor , this hanger screws right into your rack for a safe place to store headphones . My small complaint , there are n't enough threads to be able to use it in place of a rack screw that secures your rack gear in place , so you have to use a free screw hole . Note that the `` HH2 '' is an angled head phone hanger , not like the straight one pictured by amazon . The straight hanger is the `` HH1 '' .
 This is the right angle hanger -LRB- not the straight out one shown in the pic -RRB- and works great to hang my headphones or cables on . I 'm using it on an empty rack screw hole , and I can adjust it -LRB- withthe 2 nuts that come with it -RRB- so that it hangs at exactly at a right angle . it comes straight out for 1.5 inches , then bends 90 degrees for 4 inches , leaving you about 2.5 inches of usable hanger beyond the edge of the rack ... plenty for cables or headphones.It definitely works best if you use an EMPTY rack screw hole , as then you have 2 nuts for tightening and adjustability to get it tight and exactly 90 degrees . If you need ; however , to screw this through a rack component then into the rack screw hole -LRB- essentially using it as both a screw , and a hanger -RRB- , then it is do-able but not ideal . There are 2 nuts for the screw part of the hanger which you use both on the front side of the rack . One nut tightens agains the rack , the other nut holds it in place . With a component , you would probably have to remove one of the nuts to have enough screw length to make it through your component and into the rack hole , and thus the remaining screw would be your only way to both tighten and adjust the angle , and the rubbery coating would be what it is tightened against . You can make it work -LRB- I just tried with headphones -RRB- , but it you tug on it it could droop a wee bit.Overall - great product . Keeps my headphones and cables just off the side of my rack so they are not in the way when I open drawers or want to push buttons -LRB- as they could be with the straight out version of this hanger -RRB- .
 This is one of the greatest tone pedals out there . It is made by Ibanez , and was invented by Maxon . I bought one about a year ago , and I ALWAYS have it turned on in my setup , no matter what I 'm playing . It has a level control , tone control , and drive control . I find that you get better tones if the level and tone knobs always stay up . With the drive set to zero , you can get a very 70 's tube-ey Hendrix sound . With the drive all the way up you can keep that creamy tone that is so pleasing to the ears , and have that edgy fuzz . You can play so many things on here . It 's a reissue , but it is reissued just the the originals with an old power supply jack . It 's the one eighth inch size , but it comes with a free adaptor for this . It is simple , and very sturdy.The sum it up , it is an american classic , a must have . Stevie Ray Vaughn used it , and so many more american guitar icons . I live by this pedal .
 I bought this as a gift for my husband . He loves it . He had been wanting one since he read an article in Guitar Player magazine . It does everything he wants it to do . The transaction was handled quickly with no problems . I am very satisfied with my purchase .
 My tube screamer TS808 arrived as scheduled and was just what I expected . It has a sweet vintage 70 's / 80 's distortion sound and is a must have for any rock guitarist pedalboard .
 Exactly what I needed , has a warm tone not like the boss bd2Just make sure you 're playing through a tube amp m.
 Need to reach that SRV tone ? Need something that will push your clean to the next level ? Need a little boost to that lead channel ? Look no further . This is a classic , a must have in every collection .
 This unit is like a old blue jeans . Problaly exist betters pedals , but it 's produce the vintage overdrive that match with everything ...
 Years ago I owned an original edition TS808 ; I loved that pedal and used it for years on stage . Eventually I sold it many years later , but I always missed that pedal , so I decided to give this reissue a try . My verdict
 I have been playing electric guitar for over 30 years and this is one sweet pedal.I use it with my vintage Blackface Pro Reverb . The Pro has one of the best clean to very slightly overdriven tones depending upon whether you have single coil -LRB- '63 Strat -RRB- of Humbuckers -LRB- Les Paul Std -RRB- pushing it.When I step on the Tube Screamer , and I can make the amp 's pre amps 's tubes `` sing '' into overdrive , and depending on how much overdrive I dialed in , the amp can `` scream '' , but the amp still retains its basic tonal signature . This is especially helpful for us Strat players who want to thicken up our lead lines ...
 I 've tried several different cases for my Zire 31 , but this is the first one that it fits into properly . It 's a very good-looking leather case , much more stylish than you might expect for the price , The flap/closure is a bit tight-fitting at first -LRB- opening it is quick and easy , but closing it is a little harder -RRB- , but even in the first week it seems to be getting easier to close as the leather wears in just a bit . I 'm very happy with this case and recommend it .
 I enjoy my leather case for my PDA . It is very convenient and it makes me feel like my PDA is well protected .
 If you 're planning to buy a palm of any kind think about this product as a faithfull companion
 Looks good and fits perfect with Zire 72 . Extra slots good for carrying stuff . Only if they would provide an extra stylus with this ... !
 Bought this nice cover and my PDA has been encased in it since I received it . After several years of use both the cover and my PDA still look brand new .
 it has just enough space to hold my cards and the stylus does n't fall out of the stylus pocket in the middle of the case . It does a good job at protecting the pda as well .
 Very fast shipping and the item sealed in heavy plastic case.Excellent transaction . Highly recommended .
 This case works fine . Sure its a little bulky and I 'd rather not use a case . But my mother seems to like hers fine . It has little slots on the inside for cards or cash or something which is handle . I apologize for this comment but it has a more female look to it , like a female wallet ? I do n't know what the is supposed to mean but thats all . Otherwise , it 's a decent little case for the Z22
 All that you need . Good quality and design . Fits perfect . Good material . What else ?
 I love this case for my PalmOne Zire 72s . It fits great and it looks great . I also love the fact that on one of the side , it has 2 pockets for 2 more expansion cards and more pockets for credit cards , metrocards , or w/e . Love it and def . recommended ! It looks like it should be more expensive than the actual price .
 The leather case is excellent if you are looking for a case that can also function as a wallet . The only thing it 's lacking is a pocket for coins . It only has room for three credit cards two SD/MMC cards and some bills .
 It was all my fault that I ordered and received the wrong cover , but the seller was awesome about it and refunded my money in a very courteous and timely manner . Thank-you !
 This case is exactly what I expected it to be . The leather is rich , the design is classy and it was a perfect fit for my PalmOne Zire 72s .
 I 've been very pleased with this case . It is durable , does n't add much bulk , looks great and protects beautifully . You have to adjust the elastic on the left side a wee bit to attach the cable but it really is n't much trouble at all . I like the loop closure and have n't had any problem with the Zire falling out at all . I like it so much I 've just ordered another for my daughter .
 I ordered my case mainly as a protective shield against damage while my Zire31 is in my purse . This case does a great job at protecting the PDA while offering storage -LRB- there are little pockets on the left side that I 've used for extra memory cards , business cards , etc. -RRB- . It has an attractive design - black leather with contrasting white stitching . The fastener is just a slide closure , but it is snug - I 've never had any problems with the case flopping open . My suggestion
 This is an extremely well made 100 percent leather case for a Palm Pilot . It has a good all-leather closure.The left inside panel has pockets for papers , business cards or credit cards and the interior spine includes a pocket for the stylus.However , the item does n't really fit the Palm Z22 with which Amazon sold it . The Palm pocket is a little loose , as another reviewer noted , and the power button is covered by the pocket 's leather side . You have to reach in under it to turn the device on and off.For the TX , to which I upgraded in 2009 , it is slightly too small ; the leather frame blocks a hair from the top of the TX screen.Still , for the money , this was a great deal . And since my Palm is usually in a purse anyway , the leather case serves mostly as a protection from other items , not as a loss-prevention cradle .
 I really liked the case for my palm . It has little pockets for memory cards and other things like credit cards . I would never tote my credit cards in with my Palm since if I lost that thing I 'd really be in trouble . I do keep business cards in it and it 's very convenient since I need a business card handy for each time that I use the Palm for business.The future change that I suggest is a different closure that does n't require looking at the case , a lot of dexterity to get the little tab into the loop , or if your hands are full it 's a little hard . I know a magnet would n't work because of the Palm . Hmmm ... just thinking out loud I guess .
 It was exactly as advertised and it came to me very fast .
 This is a nice quality case . However , even though it was paired with the Z22 on the website -LRB- which leads one to believe that the items are compatible -RRB- it is too big for the Z22 . The Z22 did not fit snugly in the case and could easily slip out .
 I am very satisfied with my purchase . I was originally looking for the hard case , but I am glad I chose this one instead . It protects my Palm very well and it looks very professional .
 The Palm case looks good as well as protects my PDA . I have accidentally dropped my PDA a couple of times while in the case and thankfully there was no damage done and I feel it was because of the case . It is well worth the price .
 This is a very good product , sturdy , has a place to put business cards , etc. . . However , the one drawback is that it 's slightly too big for dress shirt pockets . So if you 're looking to keep it in your dress shirt pocket at work , this is n't the best product ... I have a small palm and was disappointed that it was so large . Otherwise - a great choice , I 've had no problems with the strap to close the case or having the palm fall out of the top as mentioned in some of the other reviews , and would definitely recommend it for the price .
 it said it was compatible with most tungsten models . it is only compatible with the E series . other than that , it is very good , it has nice leather , it has a lot of ouches for sd cards and it is very compact . the only thing i have bad to say is the latch will eventually make a scratch
 I have this case for 7 months now , and it is still great . I went through 2 cases prior to this one and was so glad that this one finally worked for my Palm Zire 31 . It is very slim , and looks like a wallet . I love the little slots which I have a credit card in , and my receipts when I go shopping.I am giving it 4 stars because ... The slot that you keep the stylus in gets pretty loose over time , because it is located in the crease , and I am constantly losing the stylus . It just falls right out if the Palm is upside down . -LRB- one time I had to use an eyeliner pencil for almost a week before I found another stylus -RRB- AND , the little loop and thread closer is a little annoying , I would like velcro better.Another reason , which would probably not bother right handed people , I am left handed and the flap hits me in the hand when I am typing away sometimes.Other than this , it is great , and worth every penny . I would have paid $ 30 for it !
 The palm slim leather case does the job but sometimes the pilot slips out of the case when it is being carried inside a backpack . It is otherwise quite functional .
 I use this case for a Palm Zire and I am glad I got it . The leather feels nice and looks stylish . It adds very little bulk to the PDA and has slots for MMC cards and other papers . -LRB- I keep a business card , just in case it is lost . -RRB- It holds the device quite securely . I like the tab closure for style , though it makes it slower to open and close . For this reason , I give it 4 stars instead of 5 .
 This is the best yet case I have found for my Zire 31 . It is a good fit , and gives good protection to the PDA . It looks stylish , too . I had tried the harder , plastic cases , but the plastic case with the velco is way too large , awkward , and scratches easily , the Velco holding the PDA is just added work . This leather case is better , by far .
 This case fits my fiance 's Zire 31 well . The power button , the synch and power plugs are slightly blocked , but that is okay . It is snug and protects it well without being bulky.My Tungsten E juts out on the top and slides around a little . I would n't feel safe keeping it in this case .
 The leather case came promptly in good condition . Unfortunately , I did n't realize that it was designed only for the Palm Zire series . I had also purchased the Z22 , which apparently is n't a zire . The Z22 is much smaller . It would be helpful to add a description that says , `` not for Palm Z22 '' . Thanks
 This case fit the Tungsten E2 perfectly , allows full access for all buttons , and carries extra little goodies in the process all in just a little more width than the original flap cover that comes with it . My husband loves it -LRB- was a gift -RRB- , it protects his Palm and he can carry it within his shirt pocket still .
 I love this case . It looks nice and professional , fits the Palm Zire 31 perfectly , and can hold my SD card and business/credit cards .
 This case is excellent for holding my palm zire 31 . it fits other palms as well .
 I ordered this product because I was having a lot of problems with my Palm Zire 31 . I had to call customer service a lot and was just about ready to throw my Palm through an open window driving 70 mph . Before I did that I decided that I would buy a case to see if that would help with the problems I was having . I lloked every where for cases . Finally , I found this one.The pros are : it was priced rightI like the colorIt is not too heavy yet still feels like it is tough enough to protect my Palm.My Palm does not slide around in it.The cons are : no choice in colorno personalization optionI hate the slots for cardsHard to charge my Palm while it is in the case.Immpossible to leave stylus in Palm and use it while it is in case.In short , this is an ok product , but I wish it could have been more . It does the job so yes I would recommend it .
 I like the case . I wish the closure was a zipper instead of the flap . I have lost two stylus due to how the closure is made .
 This case is beautiful and well made . I just love it . However , for the T | X model . it is a little short in length . It covers the top line on the screen and makes it difficult to access this line without pulling out the Palm a little .
 A quality product but too big for my Z22 . I wish I had known about it 's size before purchasing .
 This Palm Slim Leather Case -LRB- P10985U -RRB- fits & looks good w/Palm . My wife likes to make sure that its protected .
 nice case but the write-up stated it was for a z22 but the case is too big for my palm .
 It 's a really nice case that is real leather and also has a classic look . Enjoy having this product for the my Palm pilot . Happy Camper !
 This is a nice case for the E2 . It holds the handheld securely , with easy access to all buttons . Closure is easy to use . Nice finish on the leather . Wish it had deeper sections on left side for business cards or papers .
 Great product . perfect fit for my Palm and leaves open access to all the ports on it . Also like the extra pocket on the flap for SD cards and business cards
 fancy , durable , comes ith pockets for paper or business cards . It is bigger than the original single side cover , so it wo n't slip in your pocket as easily , but it gives plenty of protection .
 I purchased this case with the Palm Tungsten E2 . It was clearly stated on the product which palms it would fit . Everyone should learn to read before you buy something . You ca n't give a low score because you did not read the product description . This is a great product for my TUNGSTON E2 . It had a nice snap to close it not a loop . The only thing I wanted was a belt clip , but it is still a 5 in my eyes
 I had a hard case for my Zire 21 and the paint started flaking off . I was eying the Tungsten E2 but was not quite ready to purchase . I chose this case since it would work with my current Zire 21 and also with either the Z22 or the Tungsten E2 . It holds the 21 perfectly . Inside , it has pockets for credit card storage and also a place in the spine for a stylus . It is open at the top where the USB cable connects to provide easy access . It 's appearance is also very nice . Overall , it was worth the purchase price .
 Case is handy and holds the Palm fairly well . It could use some kind of top closure or clasp to keep the palm in place . The elastics on the sides hold the unit ok , but it tends to slide upward and needs to be re-adjusted frequently . Leather is good quality and will probably last a long time . Good use of space for accessories .
 I was very pleased with my order . The leather cover for my Palm was like new . The whole order was fast and accurate . I 'd order again in an instant .
 I got this for my new Palm 6 months ago and I use it every day . It has held up well and still looks brand new . The handy pockets inside are great for memory cards . The latch is a bit annoying at first but I got used to it . Nice sleek looking case .
 Nice leather case . Unfortunely , I bought the wrong one for my Palm TX Handheld . Does n't fit completely , but it 's good enough .
 I just received the leather case a few days ago , but it is a great little case and at a great price . The only thing I might change is the fact that it only has 2 slots for the expansion cards - 4 would be nice . There are so many cards you can have for maps , games , dictionary , or just additional memory card ; it would be nice to have them right on hand .
 Soft and friendly-feeling case in the hand . Nice to hold!Fits Zire 31 perfectly , I agree ! Does n't slide around on upholstery like clam-shell plastic case might . Looks classy . Have n't had problem with the `` tab '' closure yet ! Price was great ! I recommend this item !
 I must admit , that I really like the case . I had purchased two others that did not meet the need . My Tungesten would just fall out and could drop and break easily . When I purchased this one , I was very pleased .
 I bought this for a Palm Tungsten E2 . Perfect fit , Nice design . Can use all accessories -LRB- ac power , usb cable , sd card , stylus -RRB- without having to take the E2 out of the case . Could n't be happier .
 I use my Palm many times a day . I find this case perfect to protect my Palm from damage . I just camped for several days and felt comfortable in carring the Palm in my backpack because of the case . I highly recommend this product .
 Purchased this case because I could n't stand looking at the old one anymore . The case came promptly and was exactly as described by the seller . Very pleased with this purchase !
 I bit worn in spots , but just what the seller said it would be . Fits my Palm perfectly without problems and hold business cards and memory cards.If you are looking for a way to keep your Palm looking like new ... this is it .
 Love the case , except the elastic bands on the bottom want to push the palm up at the top .
 My first brown case was stolen along with my pda . The only choice to replace it was with a black one . I wish other leather colors were offered . The leather is of good , wearable quality . That 's why I purchased the same product for my replacement .
 Palm Slim Leather Case -LRB- P10985U -RRB- Case provides very good protection for Tungsten E , and offers extra pockets for business cards and memory expansion cards . The PDA can be charged without removing it from the case -LRB- very nice feature -RRB- . But there is no positive locking mechanism for the PDA , so the device will fall out of the case with a hard thrust .
 Case is custom-made for the Palm PDA that I purchased . The PDA needs a case , and the custom-made case is ideal .
 I mean , what can you say about a leather case . It was cheap , affordable and arrived ontime . It serves its purpose well .
 Like the slim line to the case , but it somewhat limits quick access to the stylus . The case itself has a slot for the stylus , which makes it more convenient ... just a matter of getting used to putting it there ! Overall , I like it much better than a hardcase .
 I miss a leatherstrap -LRB- or a similar solution -RRB- at the top of the case to prevent the Palm from falling out . I also would like more colors to choose from . We are women using it and sometimes we need to find it in a hurry in our handbags and elsewhere - the latter for both genders.Yours sincerelySidsel Flak Soerlie
 Other than the pockets for spare SD memory cards this is a very simple case for the Palm , but that is exactly what I wanted .
 This product arrived quickly and in good shape . I like it .
 El estuche esta hecho de cuero muy bueno . Me parece sumamente practico . El color impecable y es de muy buena precensia . Un excelente producto para la Palm TE2
 El estuche es de muy buena calidad , es de un material bastante firme , se los recomiendo para proteger su palm , el unico inconveniente es que no trae ningun tipo de gancho o prendedor para utilizarlo en el cincho .
 I found the palm leather case to be exceptional . My Zire 31 fits in it perfectly . It also protects it great . It makes my Zire 31 look sophisticated .
 reasonably priced case for a moderately priced Palm One . Case is handsome and handy . printress
 Very Good , but the pen does n't stay fit
 After going through 2 of the cheesy flip covers that Palm makes , I decided to get something that was n't going to rip as soon as I put it on . This case is a wee bit bulkier than I would like , but it 's not too bad , considering it covers the entire Palm and has slots for media cards . The belt loop and , well , belt , that keep it closed work well enough , but I miss some kind of secure snap closer or something that I do n't need two hands to open/close .
 A nice fit for the Palm and protects as well . Functionality is not impaired at all and all sides are protected . The case is worth much more that what was paid for it .
 This is a nice little case for my recently purchased Palm PDA . It 's well-made and fits my Palm perfectly . It even matches my wallet and purse ! The only reason I gave it 4 stars is because I wish it had a little more pocket space inside . Perhaps then I could even ditch my wallet and just carry this . There might be another type of case out there for more money , but this one was a good price for me .
 This is a great case for the Zire PDAs . The elastic straps hold the PDA securely . I have n't had any problems with the strap and loop fastener that holds the case closed . Overall , the case looks elegant and stylish , and it is , as the name suggests , slim . It 's got pockets for business/credit cards and memory cards . Highly recommended !
 I 've ordered this product through Amazon and it did work great for me . I see it 's designed well for Zire 31 and for the price that I paid for it 's realy a great product
 I actually bought this item at a Target Store for $ 19.99 . I recently bought my Tungsten E and did not get a case with it thinking I can be more careful . However , 2 weeks after I bought the Tungsten , I dropped it a fews times , luckily , on the carpet . So I had to get a case for it right away . I went to many different stores to look for one . A lot of them were VERY bulky and I hate velcro and zippers . I wanted a small case that can hold my Tungsten without having it look like I 'm carrying an organizer -LRB- that is why I have a palm and not a paper organizer -RRB- . You can still access all the buttons , stylus , and plug-ins . I do n't have a problem with the belt loop being an issue . It seem to hold it together really well . Having pockets for the SD cards , and credit card slots does n't hurt either.The only bad thing is that your palm , after holding it upside down shaking it to see if it will slip out , it does sort of slide out slightly . Your palm wo n't fall out of the case , but it does slide out a little bit . I will have to do some alteration to that to secure it more.Overall , I like this case . It gives it a nice compact look and I really like the belt loop closure . It 's a good case for it 's affortable price .
 The good news
 They are not the noise-blocking as they say . I use headphone for ReadPlease a program that reads manuscripts back to me . With so many distractions I have found having headphones keep me focused . These are comfortable -LRB- at times -RRB- . I specific that , because if you have a headache in the making they can feel like a bloody vice on your head squeezing . The whole padding etc. is quality , but as I said they do n't block it out sound totally . I am a white noise freak and keep a fan and television on for noise and I can clearly hear the television with them on - easily.sooooooo ... if you are looking for noise-blocking like BOSE , these do n't cut it . If you are looking for reasonably priced headphones that deliver very good sound , then these work . I like them . They work for my purpose .
 Excellent sound quality , very fine sound . We use it on our Radio Station . We have had it now for months . Draw back . . One earphone broke from the strap and continuous to work !!! Amazing . . This is the reason why we decided to buy this product . Still to date the strap is broke -LRB- inside -RRB- but has not fallen off . It works as if it was brand new . Thank you . Highly recommended this product .
 Good headphone for this price . The cushion is soft and comfortable . It fits very well . You wo n't hear noise from outside . Good sound quality .
 I was in the market for an MP3 player . Lately , one almost tends to forget that there are other MP3 players besides the heavily marketed Apple IPODs.The media would have us all believe that the IPOD is the only player worth getting . It 's popularity has certainly stimulated the medium of portable digital audio , but upon further research I came to discover there is so much more out there that is actually just as good , if not better , than the IPOD ... and much more affordable.The Samsung YP-T8 series sold me with it 's small package and huge features . It is actually much smaller than I anticipated it to be . I wondered how well I would be able to see the display once it was turned on , however once I was up and running with it I never looked back.This thing is amazing ! If you are a Windows user then this MP3 player should be your top consideration . The included software lets you create play lists and then transfer them to the player.Further more , the player has seperate files for you to transfer not just music , but photos , text files -LRB- in txt . format , no WORD docs -RRB- and MPEG videos ! I was able to upload movies and episodes of the simpsons with ease.Additionally it comes with an FM tuner that will scan your region and create the presets for you . If it selects presets you do n't want you can simply delete them.As if that were n't enough you also get a voice recorder built in . It not only lets you record voice , but also FM radio . This has been great for recording NPR and Howard Stern ! The voice recording quility is actually very good . You just have to be aware of moving the unit in your hand while recording as the slightest touch gets picked up by the mic.Another nice feature is the games included . It has 4 simple little games that wo n't require a whole lot of your attention span but definitely are ideal for long car or train rides or in my case , in line at DMV . This truly is a portable entertainment player!The big question one may be concerned with is the audio quality . No worries there . The audio is fantastic . The included ear buds are not stellar but they do the job . However to really get the most out of the sound output that this unit can produce I would highly recommend investing in some quality head/earphones . The display itself is small , but it is extremely clear and bright . I did n't find myself squinting unless I was looking at some of my photos , but the actual built in display texts are clear and easy to read.There are a couple of negative things I can mention , primarily regarding the button layout . Sometimes I found myself getting confused as to how to find a proper file if I wanted to delete it or to adjust a setting . THere are a good number of menus to go through in some cases and the button lay out it does n't make it any easier . However , over time , with practice and experience it will become a moot point.The only other complaints I have are cosmetic . First , I was n't too fond of the neck strap . It reminds me of a bolo-tie you would buy in Tijuana . It 's this black , entwined , pleather mess that is impossibly frustrating to loop onto the unit . It was such an eyesore , and such a complicated task that I just gave up on it altogether . It 's too bad too because this unit really could stay handy around my neck.Also , the condom case that comes with the unit is great , but it has no screen protecter . I always feel like I have to hold this thing like a delicate egg ... always being aware not to let the screen come in contact with ANY kind of abrasive surface . Even certain clothes materials . I ` ts kind of rediculous and I wish samsung offered some sort of peripherals to remedy this . Until then I will have to remain very careful and just hope that the screen does n't get scratched , but I feel like I am on borrowed time.With all that said and done , I still absolutely recommend this player . For the price -LRB- $ 179.00 for the 1gig version on amazon -RRB- you ca n't beat it . It sure beats the snot out of the IPOD , and while the screen may not be as big , and the profile not as thin , you would be cheating yourself to not at least give this unit a try.I hope this helps .
 I finally got to play with ine after I got it as a present on the 25th . This baby is amazing . I have tested out every feature on it . I downloaded about 200 songs , about 20-30 music videos , and 2 30min . t.v. shows . They all play excellently.Audio
 I agree with the other positive reviews and I 'm happy to own this media player . However , I did want to mention that there is an issue with the order or sequence in which it plays the MP3 files . At first , I thought it was playing them in random order . However , I discovered it has the same issue that Windows has , where if you have tracks numbered 1-25 , it will start with track 11 first . There is some technical reason for this , but the bottom line is that if you want your tracks to play in sequential order , number your MP3 files starting with the number 11 . Do not start with 1 or 01 . You can find freeware programs such as ReNamer that will automatically rename and number your MP3 like this and it will save you a lot of time . Other then that , the sound quality is excellent , the battery life is good , it 's small and light weight and fun . I like the fact that it has more features then the IPOD and does n't require special software - you can drag and drop your MP3 files like you would to any flash drive .
 I was impressed by the YP-T8z and picked one up in mid-December . The YP-T8z is a very good Mp3 player , and I preferred it to the current market leader -LRB- the Apple iPod -RRB- . While the unit is small , it boasts a flashy elliptical design and a clear 1.8 inch colour screen.Pros : - The 1.8 colour screen handles a good 160 by 128 pixel resolution and plays mp4 video files perfectly after conversion to . svi format -LRB- a process made simple with the bundled Samsung Multimedia Software -RRB- - Music quality is excellent , with an adjustable equaliser and solid bass . - The FM radio was useful , particularly on long trips after my song database had been exhausted . - The recording function was excellent , and I successfully recorded FM audio , voice and music from a CD player.Cons : - While marketed as an `` e-book '' reader , the unit CAN ONLY READ . TXT FILES . The font size is not adjustable , and words are frequently cut off at the right side of the screen . - I was originally mystified at the concept of `` motion-detecting games , '' but in practice the games are simple , though unusual . In hurdles , you can move the athlete by vigorously moving the player from side to side , swinging the unit vertically to jump -LRB- Yes , I did get some odd glances on the train -RRB- . However , when energetically swinging the mp3 player to encourage the athlete to run , it is nigh-on impossible to see the screen , let alone determine when to jump a virtual hurdle . This problem continued through all of the `` motion-detecting '' games . - The 20 hour projected play time only applies to music playback . When watching mp4 video , I managed a mere 8 hours , which is still decent considering that I could only coax 2 hours from a more expensive iPod . - The 1GB memory is not expandable . - The unit ships with a simple rubber case with no protection for the screen.In conclusion , despite a variety of unusual features and games , the Samsung YP-T8z is a very good mp3 player with mp4 video playback capability . Small , with an attractive design and finish , the YP-T8z is far superior to similarly-priced mp3 players .
 I was looking for an MP3 player the oter day and then I saw this one I was amazed once I saw all the features and I immediately bought it and once I got it I didnt regret my purchase . It surpasses the overestimated Ipod by a longshot . This MP3 plays MP4 's and MP3 's . It can view JPEG 's and has some games loaded on it . The MP4 's are of really good quality . They are not the best quality , but they are well above average . Another good thing about this MP3 is that the computer recognizes it as a mass storage device . Overall this MP3 player is a great buy .
 I do n't think i can recommend this digital audio player -LRB- dap -RRB- enough.Pros
 I have to give this player 5 stars because I can no longer imagine life without it . I watch movies on the bus to work , if I 'm having lunch by myself in a cafe , sometimes walking to the car from the bus , when I 'm waiting for an appointment ... It is totally amazing.Arriving at the gym without it can be extremely traumatic . Listening to my favourite songs while doing weights at the gym is magic.I actually have a 2GB model , but rarely need more than one because everything compresses so much and its so easy to get things on and off it . Some tips that I would have found useful are :1 . Converting videos . You first need to get the video into a format that the Samsung software recognises -LRB- in order for the program to be able to compress and convert it into an svi file to go on the player -RRB- . I understand -LRB- of course not through personal experience -RRB- that if one were to download a movie that it would probably already be in a format suitable to convert directly by the Samsung software.Anyway , there are a number of programs that no doubt do similar things but since it took me a number of hours to sort out , I 'll let you know that the ones I use are : DvdFab Express to `` backup '' a copy protected DVD.Then I get Imtoo DVD Ripper Platinum 4 to convert the backup DVD to an avi file -LRB- plays in a DivX player -RRB- . Then the Samsung Multimedia player converts the avi to svi.Sounds a little involved but very simple when you 've sorted it all out -LRB- especially when you run a few of these processes at the same time -RRB- ! 2 . For converting my cds to files recognizable by the player I like WinAmp -LRB- which is a free program -RRB- . You need to set it up so that it will convert your cds to mp3 or wma format -LRB- the default wmp format is not recognisable by the Samsung software -RRB- . I found out the hard way that there are about 60 different quality settings for wma . Converting songs to 1mb each -LRB- 32kpbs 22kHz stereo cbr -RRB- I found gave sufficiently good quality -LRB- otherwise its tinny and slow -RRB- . Mp3 seems to convert to about 2.5 mb per song.ConsOne problem is that the navigation button -LRB- after five weeks of regular but still relatively gentle use -RRB- now jams in the up position instead of springing back -LRB- so I have to move it back to neutral -RRB- . My dilemma is mostly that I love the little thing so much that I ca n't imagine being without it for the period it would take to fix under warranty ... The second con is rather minor and is directed at the Samsung software - when I transfer a playlist I have compiled over to the player it goes over in one click . To remove the playlist however requires deleting every single song one at a time . ie press delete , click `` OK '' to the question `` do you want to delete this file '' move the mouse back over to the playlist to delete the next song . But who knows - maybe there is a simpler way of doing this I 'm too daft to it work out ! -LRB- and in that case maybe someone will let me know ... -RRB-
 I was looking at mp3 players and I did n't want to conform with the whole IPOD mania ... this mp3 player is amazing . It is very easy to use along with the software . It has movie , photos , text , and radio ... but I have yet to use them . This mp3 player is lightweight and it comes with a rubber case so you do n't have to go out and buy one . I love the different sound settings - 3D Stage , 3D Studio ... etc.All in all , I am very pleased with this mp3 player : -RRB-
 When you factor in the price , it 's the best deal on any mp3 , movie , text , game , karoke player around!It 's extremely easy to use.You really do n't need the software , unless you want to use the movie player function.You use Windows to drag and drop , text , music , game , and video files.That 's it , easy as pie.The audio is amazing!Better than a Rio mp3 player I use to have.And the volume is loud too!So you can crank it up in noisey places.You can add games to it but you have to hunt them down online.Kinda frustrating but the game feature is `` icing on the cake . `` Karoke function is pretty cool , but not my favorite function.When a song is played you and play the lyrics with it.They light up as it 's played.You have to use the software included to `` mark '' the file with lyrics.It 's easy , just
 When i first considered buying an mp3 player , i had come to believe that the ipod was the best thing out there , but after doing my homework i came across this wonderful device and thanks to the reviews , i picked it . Since then i have n't looked back ! This is absolutely amazing . I know that everyone is talking ipod , but if you do your homework you 'll find a good number of other competitive devices like the samsung . I really like the fact that i can play videos on this thing , and am even able to download WMA-DRM to media player and then straight onto my device . The text viewer is another nice feature more especially if you read a lot of stuff online , you tend to want to carry it around so i just save it in . txt format and Wham ! i can read it anytime anywhere . The photo viewer is also quite neat and the games come handy when you get bored . The Device also functions as a mass storage device which for me as a business person is quite handy even when travelling . With Microsoft releasing a new player by christmas , i 'll just add that to my collection of mp3 players . But honestly , Even though you do n't get an iTunes experience similar to the ipod , i still prefer this device to an ipod and it 's got value for money . If you want to follow the wave of ipod fever , go ahead , but if you need something that you can work and play with , This is the thing . Coz i use mine at work and home . And i would highly reccommend it . I hope this helps !
 I have had this MP-3 player for about 3 months , and I am extremely satisfied with it . I like it 's small size and many features . It it broke tomorrow , I would immediately order another one.The sound is great and the screen is crisp and clear . I bought a pack of PDA screen protectors and trim them to the size of this screen to keep it from getting scratched.The programming and downloading to this device was a little confusing at first , but I soon got the hang of it . I take it everywhere with me , and use it everyday . I did get another set of earphones , because I do n't like ear-buds . One reviewer panned this unit because it dose n't have a replaceable battery . In todays fast-paced technology and throw-away world , I 'm sure the life of the battery and the life of this unit will pretty much equal out . Another reviewer complained that the unit can `` turn itself on . '' The easy fix for this is to activate the hold button after turning it off.I would highly recommend this MP-3 player to anyone looking for quality - resonably priced portable music player .
 I have had this product for about 8 months now . I have noticed a few bugs like once in awhile it turns on by itself but besides this the sound is amazing and the video quality is awesome . I am very happy with this product because it is a great video mp3 player for an even better price . ENJOY !!
 This mp3 player is INCREDIBLE , I adore mine so much !!! It is far better than any ipod or anything . 1GB is enough space to store a ton of things . Keep in mind that when you add a tv episode or a movie , it shrinks down to 50 megs or 150 megs respectively , no matter how large the source file is . I LOVE THIS THING .
 I purchased this product to be able to download music for the gym . I have tried other products and what a nightmare just getting the music on the thing , much less trying to get it to play . This product was wonderful , extremely easy to put files on , to locate them to lesson to . It 's very easy to move from FM Radio to MP3 's to other files . I honest feel that a child could use this product with no problem . Wonderful product for those people that really do n't know much about computers . I really love the lock figure that will prevent changing things while working out by mistake . What a great product , I feel I will never need any other devise but this one . I have recommended it to several people and they love it as well .
 I bought this for my son to take with him on the bus to school . After reading the manual -LRB- very simple & very thin -RRB- I had South Park , Dave Chappelle episodes downloaded -LRB- drag & drop -RRB- and 100 or so songs within a few minutes with lots of room to spare.The controls and the menus take a few minutes to fugure out , but overall a nice layout . Fits nicely in your hand . There are so many things that can be done with this unit it is unbelievable . Money well spent , especially when its mine.Highly recommended , now my wife wants one . So she can watch oprah ... Great .
 Once you throw away the earphones , the manual and the lanyard , -LRB- replace the phones with something decent like Pro35s -RRB- , it is a wonderful device . I would have given it 5 stars except for that . I listen to audio books while working out and it is so superior to CDs in its simplicity of use and compact size . Press one button to start , pause and stop , then start again where you left off ... no CDs or batteries to change . Plays for 20 hours on one charge . I even found where to download books for free on the Internet . Get rid of your portable CD player and get into one of these .
 I bought the Samsung 1GB about a month ago and havent put it down since ! The pros
 hi i am from venezuela , but my sister live in united state he gift me this mp3 player ... i thought that ipod was the best mp3 in the world but it is a lie ... i think that this samsung mp3 i better that `` the nano '' or the normal ipod ... this photo 's viewer it very very good ... i am SO HAPPY ... becausei thought that it could be bad , but it isnt a bad thing ... BUT I THINK THAT IT IS A LITLE BIT EXPENSIVE ... 'CAUSE WE CAN FIND ANOTHER GIGABYTE FOR THIS PRICE ... but its amanzing . . the video is so cool , and it is very small than can we think by the way i say that it is the best because it is . . =-RRB- . . and it has 4 games they are so good ... at the school sometimes a get bored but whit this games i am not bored anyway it has a kind of censors and you dont need controls in 2 games only you have to move your mp3 up-down-lef-right to play the game ... it so good because all the people will talk about your mp3 hehehe ... :-RRB- . . the FM is so GOOD ... i love it its amanzing -LSB- ... -RSB-
 I like the sleek and elegant design of this player . With the ability to play MP3s , listen to radio with many presets , view limited video and pictures and text files along with being a digital voice recorder , this model has many features for the price . My only real complaint is not with the player itself but with the file management software that comes with it . I have two Apple iPods but use them predominantly for podcasts . The Samsung media software does not aggregate many different media elements into one central location like iTunes does . I found it very difficult to find and download podcasts for this player . The sound quality is as good as Apple if not better , and for music , it may be just great . Due to this limitation of the software , I did not get as much enjoyment as others might . For me , it is an expensive digital voice recorder and FM radio . I did give it four stars because it has great potential and looks and sounds nice .
 Love it !!! Love the features !!! An excellent substitute for a video iPod for a much cheaper price !!!
 I just bought creative Zen Vision M. I like Zen but I like much more this cool machine.I do n't usually listen musics . But I am downloading a lot of history documentary program . I can put 6 hrs length of documentary into this . Only problem is a battery . I can say about 4 hrs . It can be a very good friend for a commuting . But you have very good eyes . It has only 1.8 '' size of LCD compared to 2.5 '' screen of creative ZEN .
 This MP3 player is the best , I actually bought 2 of them . I also tested both.Both of these MP3 players have the best sound and features I have ever seen and used on a MP3 player . It has awsome signal to noise ratios , the total harmonic distortion is so low it is vurtualy not even there . The sound frequency range is the best . I even tested this Mp3 player using a Spectrum analyzer , Oscilloscope , and digital multimeter . This performed the best and looked the best out of any I have seen.I love the sound it generates and the Battery life is outstanding . It takes only about 3 hours to fully charge , you can still listen to it and use it while it charges . It can also charge using the USB cable from your computer . The battery has lasted me with ocassional use for months and using non-stop durring my longevity test I performed it lasted me for actualy about 32 hours . It says it will last about 20 but both of mine lasted about 32 hours.It also has an awsome FM radio , I can pick up any station in my city and out side the city and it sounds great . There are so many features . It can hold data like a jump drive and never gives you a corrupt file . It can do e-books , videos , and more.I belevie that yes the I-pod has a big memmory but that is it . The I-pod fails and is no where in the same class as any of the Samsung Mp3 and Mp4 playes . Samsung makes the best quality , sound , performance , and durabilty out of anything on the market now or in the future.BUY a SAMSUNG.as a side note - also Samsung makes the best TVs , DLPs , Plasmas , and LCDs on the market as well .
 Forget about buying an Ipod , please !! I 'm not against them but if you can find better mp3 players , like this one . Maybe ALL U NEED IN JUST ONE DEVICE.After a long search I found this player , small , light , with many functions included.If you want to rip audio from anywhere , you 'll only need this player and of course , the line-in cable ; no PC needed . It 's just that simple.The video playback is great . I think that no more can be ask . The software included compress video like in 3:4 , keeping a good sound and video quality.You can read . txt files , no . doc -LRB- word -RRB- or . pdf -LRB- acrobat -RRB- , just . txt ; but for the price I paid I would n't ask for more.The games are not the last but they 'll entertain you , I can assure you . 2 of the 4 games included have motion detection.Great audio quality output , no regrets till now.The earbuds are not bad as some people say , are not like the greatest but there are others -LRB- like the ones that come on sansa players -RRB- that have no comparision with this ones.One of the bad things is that there are n't accesories for this player , I 've been looking but nothing . In Samsung 's website you 'll find but for other players , so if you know any for this one please let me know . I bought a Philips FM trasmitter but I need a dock or something to keep it stand up on any part of my car but near the radio.So , MP3 , WMA , OGG , MPG4 , JPEG can be play ; EQ with 3D SS , GAMES -LRB- 3-Axis , so you 'll have to shake the player in order to move some characters . . mm -RRB- , FM tunner , Voice rec , line-in rec , flash memory , view txt files , easy navigation , playlist , 7 play modes , audio and txt bookmark , audio loop mark ; I think I 'm forgetting something.If you can , buy the 2gb model . I have the 1gb and I need more space . No expandable memory :-LRB- but if I have the chance to buy this one again , I will . I think Samsung made this product thinking on almost everything . This is one of the most complete mp3 players I 've ever found , believe , is difficult to find another one for the offered price .
 My husband commutes on the train each day for 1/2 hour each way . He loves this MP3 player . It holds a lot of songs for only a fraction of the price of an IPod !
 Seriously better than the little ipods . Little small on the storage , but HUGE on features . Motion of the ocean , man .
 A great MP3 player packed with features > Small , easy to use , great sound and a bright display . The head phones that come with the player are mediocre . Buy better ones . I suggest the new Bose in ear head phones that give this player awesome sound . I gave this unit four stars because the only down fall for me is the on button is too easy to activate . Just placing the unit in my gym bag can activate the unit wearing down the battery . More than once I 've taken the unit from my bag only to find that it 's been playing overnight . A press and hold for a few seconds would be a better feature for turning the unit on . It 's still a gerat bargain for the price .
 I bought this for my sister and she loved it , as well as myself.I got mine months ago and still using it.Functionallity is great , no problems at all ; sound is good and FM reception is neat.I highly recomend this product , small size and oveall features are awesome .
 This is the best mp3 player EVER !! the screen is pretty big and holds ALOT of music and videos ... has too many options to mention ... but for the money , its a great buy !
 this mp3 player is cool and easy to use.Pros : it has more features than Ipod , FM radio , text viewer , video , wav , ogg and others : Cons
 Well its a great Video Card , good one.Easy installing , no problems.and also a great deliver ! nothing wrong .
 I got two of these for my niece and nephew . They took good pictures for what the kids are using them for and I really like the fact that they are not very expensive and better quality than what I was looking at for only a few dollars less . The 5.1 megapixel gave us the quality for the kids to take picutres and have fun with them on the internet and computer , not great enlargments but it was far better than the Spiderman camera that I almost bought for them . If you are looking for something that will not break your heart if the kids drop and break a camera , this is the one to get them.My niece and nephew were thrilled with this and enjoy having the freedom to take pictures as they go along . THey have no compaints .
 I purchased 2 of these camera 's for my daughters for Christmas . I was a little concerned of the quality due to the low price . They have turned out to be great cameras . Both of the girls love them . The pictures are good quality and it was real easy to learn how to use the functions .
 I am using this fan to cool my voltage regulater in the mother board and this little fan moves a lot of air . It did what I wanted it to do and is really quite as well . Very happy with this product .
 Purchased set of replacement rods for a JTL B-909 photo back drop setup . The original cross-rods were lost . Product worked as expected . Expensive relative to the cost of the entire JTL system , however . This is a recommended connectible rod assembly for the application . Sturdy enough to hold up the backdrop without bowing .
 Nice little mamory card with full lifetime limited warranty . reccomend highly . Use for Palm Pda or digital camara or MP3 player .
 I got the product on time . I love this product . I hope to get more products from you later in the year .
 Ca n't say how much much back and forth thinking about Palm OS and Vx vs. Pocket PC -LRB- and Microsoft 's Win CE -RRB- I 've done in the last year . I 'm so glad I waited . The day I finally decided that the market momentum that Palm had was more important than the technological gains that MS had via CE -LRB- and the fact that it bothered me that memory/processor comarisons between the two devices were often presented by the press as an apples > apples comparison - when it of course was n't -RRB- . The day I decided to go with a Palm Vx - I discovered that Palm was introducing the m500 and m505 . I changed my order and am now awaiting the m500 . Best of all possible worlds -LRB- with msWord/Excel and SD/MMC expansion card functionality -RRB- .
 Looks sturdy and works well . I love the expansion slot and the photosuite works well with the pda . Even though its black and white , the pictures comes out pretty well . It would be awesome with an MP3 player .
 Upgraded to 500 from Palm V because my old unit 's screen was scratched , making writing tedious and 3 of the 4 application buttons were broken -LRB- Hardware snafus aside , the Palm V gave me 31/2 years of otherwise trouble-free use -RRB- . Considered the Tungsten and the 515 but the Tungsten is a bit bulky and has an awkward sliding bottom which seems to be asking for visits to the repair shop sometime down the line . The 515 simply has poor screen resolution . The Palm 500 -LRB- when compared to the V -RRB- has faster syncing , buttons are recessed so you do n't turn the Palm on by mistake in its case , Improved datebook format , good resolution and excellent battery life . Some quibbles - 1 . The new cradle has eliminated that nice little `` bullseye '' where a stylus could be kept handy - why eliminate this smart and convenient feature ? 2 . The connection between the Palm and the cradle is less smooth than with the V. 3 . My old personalized cover does not fit onto the 500 , this is because the lefthand stylus slot is tiny and is made to hold only the cover that came with the 500 series . This is just a deliberate and unnecessary attempt to get us to buy new accessories.Overall great value and great product .
 I have to say that this is the best and smallest palm out there . considering that I dont need color , It was a GOOD buy.It has 8 megs of memory and I still have over 3 \ 4 of that remaining even after I put Photo Suite on It . Did I mention that the resolution is great ??? great product and if you buy it it will get you organized .
 oh my !!! this pda has already taken over my life !!! grafitti took about 2 sec to learn and i even have some really cool games on it ... wonderfully small and light not to mention thin !!! if you get the chance , BUY IT !!!!
 I bought an M500 over a year ago & truly loved it . Unfortunately , it stopped sync-ing with my computer . I learned that there was a problem with the cradles for M500s & had mine replaced . It never worked again however , & my warranty expired . They cost about -LSB- $ -RSB- to fix , so I thought I might just look for a new one & get an extended warranty.The price is getting down near -LSB- $ -RSB- -LRB- though not consistently -RRB- for refurbushed models at Palm.com.Right now -LRB- Feb 1,2003 -RRB- , Palm is selling them new at -LSB- $ -RSB- . I 'm still shopping ... . but carefully . Many vendors are currently selling them used or refurbished for this amount . . or more ! Before Christmas , Palm noted the expected retail price as -LSB- $ -RSB- , but the actual selling price rarely reflects this . Overall , the selling price has remained inflated for this b & w ; screen product due to customer demand.So , for now , I 'm biding my time ...
 I had a perfectly good IIIxe running Palm OS 3.5 , but it was so bulky . This fits better into a shirt pocket -LRB- although it is still just a bit big for this -RRB- and is therefore more portable for me . The recent price reductions have made this a real bargain !
 The m500 is a great value ! It does everything I need it to do . If you are looking for a basic Palm that will not break the bank this is it !
 I love this palm , it is really fast , really light and , the best of all , have a really great price ! . The screen is big and can be looked from every position , the indigo light is great -LRB- it 's golden baby !! -RRB- ; the expansion slot is one of the best things , i bought a 16 MB expansion card and i have lots but lots of software on it -LRB- you need some software to do that better than with the software your palm comes with , i recomend `` powerrun '' -RRB- , another thing is the velocity to sync the data , it is great , you can go as fast as 250000 bps , considering that most of the programs for palm are of about 15 kb the velocity of transfer is just amazing.What else can i tell you ? , as you know the palm os is the best around plus there are hundreds of software titles and games for it , you can use your palm to do everything , so what are you waiting to buy this palm m500 ? it is one of the most powerfull palm handhelds around .
 I purchased the m500 as a replacement for my old m100 . after taking it out of the box , I plugged in the cradle , and having Desktop 4.0 already installed , hit th hotsync button . my computer recognized it instantly , and automatically installed the drivers . all of my old programs installed without a hitch , and I have yet to see it crash . the screen is much bigger than the m100 , and the backlight glows more of a gold color instead of the bright green found on earlier models . a nice little feature is that if you unscrew the top of the stylus -LRB- no , you wo n't break it -RRB- it has a little pin that can be used to reset the handheld . the screen is suprisingly sharp for a handheld , and it is quite easy to read an e-book on it.the flip cover that comes with the unit is very stiff , but after use it should soften up . when the cover is closed , however , if pressure is placed on the bottom of the cover , it will turn the unit on , which could waste battery . there are n't many software changes as far as palm os goes , except for the ability to set vibrating alarms , and the power button can be set to blink , as a silent alarm . one minor gripe is that you ca n't lift the handheld straight off te cradle , you have to pull it out and up , which makes some annoying clicking noises . overall , this is probably the best palm-based handheld under $ 200 .
 I have used this PDA for about 4 years and it has been a faithful companion that I really like . Simple , hardy , and dependable . Using Windows XP I was able to synchronize the PDA with the Palm Desktop release 4 . Unfortunately when I upgraded to Windows 7 , it became collateral damage . There appears to be no driver available that will allow HotSync to work with Windows 7 Home Premium to synchronize the PDA to the Desktop.Therefore if you are thinking of purchasing a PDA or have one and are going to upgrade to W7HP , beware.Update , Windows 7 Professional has an option to run XP . You go into the XP window and then you can run the sync operation . Clunky but it works .
 It works perfectly - just needs a hard cover to protect it when being carried in a briefcase or ladies purse !
 I have to admitt that when I first heard about the new m500 I was very interested . I work in a business in which most of our employees use Palm Pilots of one version or other to link up with our web site to update information . So for us they have completely integrated with our every day routine.The note pad is a great improvement from the V. Having Documents to Go preinstalled was value added for my needs . Whenever I am working with large documents , it has a tendency to lock up . This is something I know that the expansion card solves , which is a real plus to have that option.I have seen other complaints about the buttons getting pushed and the battery getting worn down , however , I have never experienced this . I purchased a nice leather case for it from the beginning , which has helped protect it from being dropped and the button issue.Probably my biggest complaint is the docking station . You feel like you have to force it to make sure it has locked into place for a good connection.Otherwise , I love it , and would highly recommend it to anyone looking to ditch the hand written organizer of yesteryear .
 Okay . To start off . If you 're looking at this old PalmOne you 're likely not on the cutting edge of the technology . Nor are you looking for something that can do the same things your phone does because the M500 can and does -LRB- but just barely !! -RRB- Due to the AGE of the M500 , you HAVE to know this device has a limited life span for you . I have shopped Palm Pilots for a year or so , and Im very happy with this decision . I should say this is a STARTING point for me to experience the technology . Here is what balances out the age of the M500 , `` for me '' .1 . I am internet savvy enough to find ALL the drivers for Windows XP , Vista and later will not allow you to sync with the device . I am ONLY able to use the sync because the oldest working laptop in the house runs on Windows XP . Several forums showed me this ahead of time , so i knew there was only one last update available , version 4.1.1 or something like that , the Palm Pilot website has nothing for you . I hooked up the M500 to my desktop running Windows 7 , which has excellent connectivity for ALL my devices and it can not find the drivers compatible with that version . Consider your Vista or later machine a charging source only . NO data can go to or from it .2 . The price is a HUGE selling point for me . I am trying out the Palm Pilot because I dont like to type everything in on my phones `` qwerty '' keyboard . Such as work schedule , appointments and or daily reminders . The M500 allows for hand written saveable notes , this was a big deal and likely THE REASON I came about my decision . I absolutley needed a PDA to organize myself .3 . Simple is better , the M500 can sync with the laptop , so I can view info on my laptop screen , `` if I need to '' but the simple functions on the device alone , are enough for me . I am content with this unit lasting as long as it does , then if I decide the device is useful enough to upgrade I will.Now , how this unit arrives from the seller may throw a few people off . I did not receive the unit in a factory box , there were no instructions , I received one installer CD , I did not get the cradle or the wall plug in . The unit does NOT come with the MMS chip as pictured , I bought mine , device cases are also sold seperately . The USB cable connects the device and powers it , so the cradle not being there was fine . Also as I said , I got the most updated driver off a forum web page , so the CD was not used by me . The stylus for the device was attached , and NOTHING is wrong with the device . Function is normal to this point . You can access a owners manual by doing a google search for M500 owners manual , this will answer ALL yur questions.Calender , week , date and time functions are simple and your first exploration of the device will make you comfortable with it . LOVE the calculator , and the hand written note feature again , is PRICELESS to me . So , having considered that , if ANY part of this review helps you , Ill be glad . I read several reviews from people happy with the M500 . It 's not at all a bad litte device , it 's just meant for people with basic but specific needs .
 I am a former owner of the Palm Vx , and I was very pleased with it . When it came down to getting a new handheld , I was aiming towards a PocketPC , but my instincts told me to go with another Palm , and my instincts paid off . The M500 is every bit as good as the Vx , but a whole lot better . The biggest difference , of course , is the Expansion Slot , which takes SD -LRB- secure digital -RRB- and MMC -LRB- multimedia card -RRB- cards , making the M500 infinitely expandable , with the purchase of extra cards , of course . The M500 is designed very well , and it is undisputably the best looking PDA on the market . The M500 is perfect for the pro or the novice . Definitely consider this handheld !!
 I like my Palm . I 'm not nuts about it , like so many people get , but it 's a very useful device for what it does.You hear a lot about what Palm does well . Well , I agree , and that 's why I gave it four stars . Why not five?Hotsyncing is cumbersome , and some of the ` conduits ' to help merge Palm apps with Windows apps are a bit buggy . If I want to maintain the same information on my desktop as my palm , it gets a little tricky . I 'd rather that it was more seamless , to take the extra work out of maintaining and organizer .
 After throwing away my Tungsten E -LRB- total junk -RRB- . A friend gave me his old Palm m500 which he never used.As far as features go it 's a total downgrade from the Tungsten E , but as far as reliability goes ... this one shines!I 've had no problems whatsoever with this thing , I use it mostly as a notepad so I 've never had a need for all the bells and whistles that the current generation of PDA 's offer.The m500 can go a week on one charge , compared to the Tungsten E which was begging for a recharge after one day ! BLEH!This also features a different kind of screen , one that does n't require those stupid ` screen protectors ' . HOORAY!I thought perhaps this was made back when Palm cared about it 's customers , but looking at the other reviews here makes me think I just lucked out .
 After using the Palm500 for over five years , it finally quit . Fortunately was able to find new one on Amazon , it 's like having an old friend back . Still the best and easiest to use and read of all Palms ever made .
 i had a palm zire but it is to slow and frustrating . so i decided to get the m500 instead of the m505 which was a lot better choice because if you read the reviews for the m505 it has a lot more bad comments . Plus do you really need a color screen when you can just use a backlight .
 The Palm m500 is easy to learn and easy to use . The display quality is good and the battery lasts quite a long time between charges . A good black and white option .
 when i first bought this palm i sort of thought it was a toy . but i have become dependent on it . it is slimmer and easier to carry than any other palm so the extra few bucks are worth it . the expansion slot is sort of a scam . i dont think i will use it . the price of add-on disks is absurd and the content is marginal . i have not tried to connect to email or internet.i have put a large spreadsheet on but the screen is really too small to work on it . anyone who can read a book on this screen has better eyes than i do.there is a design flaw . to travel you have to buy an expensive charger . they should have designed it so the docking charger can be used as an AC charger.it is easy to use , does just what i want and is carefree . synching is a snap on desktop and laptop . if i did n't need the slim design i could have gotten by with a cheaper model . someday someone will put together the phone , PDA and pager into a nice compact easy to afford unit .
 I purchased a Palm m500 last week and I am very satisfied . It works well . The speed and resolution are good . I paid a reasonable price for it ... . I believe it is great to have a plam . It is light , fits in my pocket , and has many functions -LRB- e.g. calculator -LRB- graphic & scientific -RRB- , phone book , notebook , plots graphs and charts , games , etc. you name it . Most of the software are free -RRB- . I have n't had any other palm computers . So , I can not compare this palm to another one . I have read bad reviews about m505 -LRB- color -RRB- . It seems to me people do not like the colors but purchase m505 more than m500 . If I pay -LSB- price -RSB- I can get me `` m505 '' but at this time I am NOT sure whether m505 is better than m500 . I have decided to keep my m500 . However , I would like to know the opinions of those who can compare m505 to m500 . I give m500 5 stars for it is a great palm computer -LRB- overall -RRB- . If you have a question , comments or would like to criticize , etc. . .
 Rather than write another typical review on this product -LRB- there are plenty of these here already , including a couple by yours truly -RRB- , I thought I would do something a little different . I 've owned my Palm now for only about 4 months , and in that short time period it has become -LRB- next to my car -RRB- the most important device that I own.In fact , not only is it the best money I have ever spent , it is the coolest thing I have ever owned . So I thought I would put down a few thoughts about why that is , and why you should probably own one yourself .1 . It has to be some kind of watershed for computer technology when the book about it -LRB- David Pogue 's `` The Ultimate Palm Pilot Guide '' -RRB- is ten times as heavy as the computer itself . Despite weighing only 4.4 ounces -LRB- in the case of the Palm Vx -RRB- , there is enough power under the hood of this little device to make it far more than just a sophisticated PIM or organizer .2 . The Palm Pilot has become a unique consumer phenomenon . In the last 3 years , over 6 million have been sold , more than any other previous electronic craze , including VCRs and the Sony Walkman . -LRB- Six million people ca n't be wrong -RRB- .3 . It is powerful enough to almost completely replace my computer on trips . -LRB- Especially with the portable folding keyboard . -RRB- 4 . Job-wise , you will have a competitive edge over those who do n't have one .3 . It actually makes it fun to get organized -LRB- and stay that way -RRB- .4 . You can impress your boss with some of the cool things you can do with it .5 . I found that once I had a lot of my personal and work-related info in my Palm , my memory and concentration improved , because it was all in my Palm 's little memory banks , instead of my own over-taxed and aging neural circuitry .6 . The extra efficiency and utility of having everything all in one place is dramatic .7 . Even more important than the above , however , is the ability to search all the internal databases . Before I sometimes had trouble finding memos and notes because my whole work life was in three different binder-type organizers and 40 Sticky Notes on the walls of my office . Not anymore . This is perhaps the most powerful way in which these devices differ from traditional organizers .8 . Last but not least , my Palm is a lot of fun . You 'll never be bored standing in a checkout line , or waiting in your dentist 's office , again . I just whip out my Palm and read a novel , play chess or solitaire , get better organized , or try to figure out more cool ways to use my Palm .
 Familiarity with the Palm OS and the low cost were the primary reasons for buying this model of PDA . When you are in your seventies it is nice to keep devices simple .
 First ... beware the pictures ... its not what you will get ... the picture had a memory card and lots of other stuff ... none of that showed up in the package ... I complained to the supplier who responded very quickly with a nice note and a explanation ... the moral is check the supplier description before you purchase ... that said the product works great so far ... I bought a refurished unit because I wanted the battery replaced ... the unit was very clean ... no major blemishs ... I bought the Palm M500 to load a softball scoring app ... the Palm M500 batteries last more than a day of full use and the screen can be seen in full sunlight ... not true for the ipad and some of the tablet products ... so far no problems
 This palm has given me time to learn . More functions I do n't need , but it is the only palm available for me just to keep track of appointments and addresses and phone numbers . Could use a back light for when it is darker but other wise works well .
 i ordered this model for my mom because she is not technically savvy and it has a simple interface . she does n't do well with touchscreen either so the old-school model is great with the stylus . She wanted an electronic calendar and address book . She learned how to use the thing in 15 minutes and it does everything she needs . We ordered it new and it came without the manual , but was unscratched , well wrapped and still had screen protectors on it and worked great with the battery that was included which is impressive for the amount of time that it has probably been sitting in a warehouse . The manual is easily located online as well so there are no complaints !
 The Palm m500 was received in good condition , and I 've completed setup . Have n't had time to use it yet , but looks like it will meet my `` to do '' list needs very well.Very pleased with all purchase aspects .
 Stayed with Palm to ease upgrade to new PDA . Had not reviewed enough material on the inherent problems with the M500 . Ordered two -LRB- one for spouse -RRB- and one had to be repaired right after receipt . Good news , Palm fixed it with very little trouble ... but it was new . I expected the seamless hot synching I enjoyed w / my IIIxe . For some reason , both of the new m500 's crash our computer when we hot synch ... after we reboot , works fine . Ease of use , size , combined with the hard case still results in a higher rating . I hope to work out the hot synch problems ... hoping .
 I recieved this PDA for my birthday . I work in a health care setting and this palm pilot does what I want . I put a ton of pharmacy info in it . I also keep my calendar on it also which is very handy since I work multiple shifts as well as I have 2 children in school . I would like a little more memory but I have to say it is much easier to keep my professional & personal information in 1 place then scattered everywhere . If you want color and all the bells & whistles look elsewhere , but if you are looking for a workhorse then this is it .
 I wonder if I 'd bought the same product as the other people on this reviews page ? Granted , this was the only palm pilot I 've ever owned so I have no basis for comparison , and I do n't really challenge my unit with complicated software and options , but my m500 has worked marvellously for me so far . It 's proven to be lightweight , reliable , easy to use with an intuitative interface , and equipped with more than enough features for my purposes . As far as durability , I 've been using this thing for nearly a year with no problems to speak of , either hardware - or software-wise . My only complaint is that the HotSync cradle provided is unwieldy , featuring a cable that is an awkward hybrid of USB and power source , and the Y-split is , inexplicably , positioned on the USB jack side of the cable . Clumsy , especially for travel purposes -- who needs the USB connection when travelling?But other than that , I like this product a lot .
 This is the first PDA I have owned . I did n't think I would have much use for one , and then found out about ebooks . Now that I have it , I find I use the organizer aspect of the M500 more than the ebook . The unit is nice and small , yet the display is easy to read . I read a lot of reviews prior to purchase , and decided I would have to just jump in . I 'm glad I got the Palm versus others I read about . It seems like a superior product , and the company is topnotch . I use it both at work and home , and I have yet to tap into all the great things it will do . For those of you who wonder if you really NEED one , well , you do n't . But they are sure nice to have . Now I just need to find the perfect case ...
 I moved from a Palm V to the M500 and LOVE IT ! That means I went from 2mb on the Pam V to up with 24mb -LRB- w / 16mb card -RRB- on the M500.Now I can take ALL the notes I want -LRB- which I take alot -RRB- , my kids can play games -LRB- w / the GamePak -RRB- , and I can subscribe to all the channels I want with AvantGo.This is a winner ... and it looks a heck of a lot better than the HandSpring .
 I bought this for my wife to keep track of her phone numbers and other important tasks like all our family and friends birthdays.She is very happy with it.The device was shipped in time and with correct and complete shipping tracking.The device performs as expected . The best of it is the very long battery live.Very good option for an electronic agenda .
 The Palm m500 is great . The reason I got it was for reading ebooks on the go . I 've looked online for the cheapest ebook reader and this is it . It is pretty old , but very reliable . It does n't have many applications , but you can download a few online . I would recommend this product to anyone . If you intend on buying this though , I would also recommend you buy a hard case for it too . I dropped my Palm m500 not too long ago for the first time and , when I picked it up , it had several vertical lines spaced out on the screen . I definitely intend on getting another one though . This time with a hard case .
 Basic PDA that has done what I needed it to do for many , many years -LRB- thought for sure I got it pre-2000s but Wikipedia suggests post-2001 -RRB- . If your needs are more utilitarian and you do n't feel the need to buy the `` Latest Greatest '' every year or so , this puppy will do for you . I 've got a handful of apps on it but would still consider it useful even without them . Get the `` Kensington PDA Protector Hard Case Blue Ice Designed for Palm Vm505 M500 '' for it !
 Ok ... I just finished reading all the reviews between the Palm m500 and the Palm m505 -LRB- color -RRB- . This is my first Palm so this review is coming from a novice point of view . I decided to go with the m500 . I made a wise choice ! I really do n't need a color screen . I do n't play games or anything like that . So I decided to go with the m500 and save almost a hundred bucks . I bought it for the address book , the memo feature , the to do list , and the additional memory you can buy . I really do n't need to see these things in color . Many people complain about the screen clarity , size etc. . etc. . I really do n't have a problem with it . It is nice and clear . I can see the fonts no problem , and the palm icons are nice and clear . The screen is a good size too . The illuminated light is nice and bright . The screen is dark while the fonts and all the graphics nicely light up . It comes with alot of extra software too . It was also very easy to operate . I started to feel confident within 5 minutes after I pulled it out of the box . It 's navigation is very straight forward and easy to understand . I just installed software that allows you to view and edit Microsoft Word and Excel files right on your Palm!All in all I am very satisfied with the m500 . I would highly recommend it to beginners who want basic Palm functions , but also want the option of exploring and using the other great features that puts the m500 at the top of the line of Palm handhelds . You also save some money too !
 I used to own a Sony CLIE . As most people know , it is a so-so Palm clone with NO accesories . Finally I decided to upgrade to a new m500 . It is the smallest handheld running on Palm OS -LRB- yes smaller than the Vx and the m505 -RRB- . It also has the clearest screen -LRB- far superior to my almost new CLIE -RRB- . And comes with around $ 200 of bonus software , something the Vx lacks . I think this handheld is better than the m505 for two reasons . 1 , it is cheaper , and 2 , the screen is much better -LRB- it is not black and white , but displays 16 different shades from black to white -RRB- , while the m505 has a very dissapointing color screen that is sure to leave you squinting even when looking its best . If you are debating over Palm OS and Windows CE , Palm is the hands down winner for several reasons . One reason is that their handhelds are smaller and faster than Windows handhelds -LRB- The smallest windows handheld is equavalent to two Palm V 's stacked up -RRB- . Palm is also more econimical . Palm handhelds batteries last around a month . Windows CE lasts 4 hours . Palm has 10 's of thousands of software programs -LRB- around half of it is free -RRB- , while Windows CE has 100 's of expensive programs . If you are looking for a PDA with great features , accesories , software , and mobility choose Palm .
 The Palm m500 is very similar to the very versatile Palm Vx in many ways . Palm has added some features that make this model even better . The interface with the PC and hotsync tasking is flawless.The response time and speed of this unit is very much improved as is it 's overall functionality given the software package . Coming with Documents to go , AOL and Power One , the software just keeps getting better . Now I can take my important documents and spreadsheets with me.It has a nice greyscale screen and is much lighter than the Vx model . Eight MB of RAM might not be enough , but it can be expanded through the use of memory cards . I 've backed up all of my data , e-books , databses and applications on one card which -LSB- are fairly inexpensive -RSB- . I highly recommend the Palm m500 for professional uses . It 's wide variety of supplementary accessories also makes this model a plus . My only criticism is that the power button does protrude more than the Vx model . In the Palm hard case , the power button does turn on inadvertently at times . Hopefully better hard cases will become available for those , who like me insist on such accessories . Overall , a very responsive , high quality unit .
 I have owned 3 different pocket pc or palm made devices . I first started with the Palm IIIxe , which I got a lot of use out of . It is not only functional , but it makes writing in your organizer , and adding addresses easy , if not fun . I decided to move on to a color model , but the available color models running palm OS were far from adequete , especially for their prices . The best value was a HP Jornada 525 , which was their old model , close to being discontinued . I was happy with the Jornada , until I found that upgrading to the new Pocket PC OS was n't possible , and recently I have noticed that the Pocket PC industry has n't gotten it 's act together . Pocket PCs , up until Win CE 2002 , have been running on 3 -LRB- or maybe 4 -RRB- different types of processors , and none of them are compatible with eachother . Models with different levels of color can not run the same software , and the list goes on . I decided to move back to palm , but keep my Jornada when I needed a color device . The best buy seemed to be the m500 . I am happy with this model . It writes much better than my first palm . Some reviews have stated that it has a plastic screen , but in fact , it has a glass screen , and a thinner `` membrane '' for sensing touches . It 's display is a big step up from the early grayscale palms , and it has fixed all of the annoying bugs of the old Palm Vs. My only complaint is that the `` odd '' shape makes leather cases -LRB- especially fit cases -RRB- much more expensive , and the peripherals are all more expensive . Otherwise , this is a great model !!
 I bought a PDA kicking and screaming , and this , my first one , has been dynamite . It 's got great battery life and visibility , it 's incredibly easy to use , and despite the fact that I 've dropped it on the driveway five or six times , it just keeps on going . The slim leather case is fabulous -- it 's replaced my wallet altogether , and I have a simpler , more orderly life , with fewer bulky items to carry around . The design is incredibly elegant , and as a low end tech user , I 'm very pleased .
 I came into some money , so I bought one of these . First , I traded my Visor Platinum for this . I gave that to my wife . I knew after owning that that I wanted a thin form factor , with a good software set . Sony was my first choice , but they do n't support Macintosh . -LRB- I run OS X on my iBook . -RRB- . I looked at the Visor Edge , but the software set in the m500 and 505 made those my primary choice . I really wanted a color screen , but the 505 screen looked miserable . So ... m500.Pro : ThinFastGreat included software set . 4.0 is a nice system , and the other software , Documents to Go especially , is good.An absolutely wonderful b & w screen.SD / MMC slot.Con : Seems slower than my Visor Platinum.Datebook.First , I hate the standard Palm Datebook . After Handspring 's Datebook + , I 'm spoiled . So I needed to improve it by 3rd party software . It also seems a bit slower than the Platinum , but that is probably my perception.I did buy screen protectors and a NICE Kensington metal case for it.Overall , I 'm happy with my new toy . It is a good workhorse of a Palm , has n't done anything completely bizarre on me , or crashed , or had screen problems yet . It is fast , has large memory , and the SD/MMC slot is great . -LRB- I have a dictionary installed right now , and I plan to get an atlas and tuck it into my wallet . -RRB- I 'd recommend one to anyone .
 I have just upgraded from a Palm V with 2MB meomory to the Palm m500 + a 16MB card , giving me a total of 24 MB . So far I am very happy with it . The added memory allows me to keep virtually all my documents on the palm . I also developed the habit of writing daily notes . The small size is perfect to be carried around ALL THE TIME . The m500 synchronized with my laptop easily . In fatc , I synchronized it with two laptops , one with XP and another with Win 2000 . I did n't have problems with the screen shifting , which I did with the old Palm V . When it happened with the Palm V I just tapped the Welcome icon and ran the preference setup again . But indeed I had to do it more and more later on . With the m500 , I did n't need it so far -LRB- after about 2 months -RRB- . However , I would like to bring up a couple of little glitches , and I 'm not sure whether you all had the same problem : -LRB- 1 -RRB- The To Do List does not accept `` due date '' option . As soon as you enter the due date , the to do item disappears from the handheld , although it remains on the desktop . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I do n't know how useful the expansion slot is . I ca n't put many of the programs on the expansion card , particularly Documents-To-Go . Despite having 16 MB sitting there , I can put preciously few things on it . It is not clear that once the internal memory is full everything will be automatically written on the expansion card . I suspect you can not . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Do n't waste your money on the travel kit . Buy a USB charger/sync cable -LRB- $ 16 , I bought it for $ 9 at Best Buy -RRB- . It is much lighter , much cheaper , and much more convenient . -LRB- 4 -RRB- Palm is trying to rip people off by making the accessories for m500/m515 completely incompatible with Palm V/Vx . So beware of it .
 I bought a Palm Vx and the IR port kept failing on me . Although my confidence in Palm 's quality control was wavering , I took a risk and paid more money to upgrade to m500 . It was a good decision which I made more than 1 yr ago . After some usage , I have the following Pros and Cons : Pros1 . Lighter weight than the all aluminum Vx2 . Longer battery life3 . Faster processing speed when launching applications4 . great storage . I stored 2 translations -LRB- NIV and NASB -RRB- old and new testament of the Bible and it still has a lot of unused memory5 . now the price has gone down a bit so it is a good deal .6 . Sleek and light design . I personally prefers the all aluminium casing , but the plastic backing has been fine so far7 . you can use the graffitti and keyboard mode at the same timeCons :1 . expensive/hard to find accessories e.g. camera attachment , memory backup card , external memory storage card2 . some of the free games available through the Palm community web site might cause this m500 to crash , so download cautiously
 The seller provided everything they agreed to provide . I would definately do business with this seller again .
 I bought this to help me do inventory at work , as well as to help keep track of my food orders from different providers , and so far I am very pleased with the machine . It does everything I need it to do and more . I was able to download a spreadsheet program that makes doing my inventory very easy .
 My old palm pilot failed but i still had the application running on my computer . It was an easyupgrade to the new one . the supplier provided a disc with software and instructions . my infofrom the old application transferred almost automatically to the new application on my computerand then `` synched '' with the new PalmOne .
 Just got my Palm and I love it ! It 's so easy to use and it is keeping me organized !
 I purchased this PDA to replace one that stopped working properly . The new one arrived quickly , works well and was easily loaded with the programs and data from my old one thanks to Palm 's desktop programs . I am satisfied with the new unit . Note , that this is a backup PDA . I use it for a few applications but use my Dell Axim X3i for day-to-day work .
 I bought this to use with a program for truck parts . It works great with it .
 I am enjoying my `` new '' Palm . It holds a charge for a long time and it fit my exhisting Palm cradle . I would purchase from this vendor EncoreCellular again . I spent a lot of time looking for a replacement Palm when mine died and now realize I should have just started with Amazon!SandraPhoenix , AZ
 this is a good product . i tmake it with me to school every day and the price is great . the only drawback is the screen . . if it was only colorful and had wireless internet . .
 The PalmOne m500 is a somewhat basic model ; however , that is what I wanted/needed . It keeps me organized and on schedule . It took some `` shopping '' to find a product that met my needs at a reasonable cost .
 Great power usage , mediocre character recognition because of special characters . Capitalization not as good a tungsten E. Lack of color is not missed and is the reason for long use per charge .
 This hand held thermal unit is great and if you want to look like a Star Trek crew member , I suggest you buy it . You can store all your giganton information unit , all you need is a DSV modem which is an infra-red pattern . This also comes with a calculator , daily time sheet , 200 language selections , time , weather in 64 countries , web access , clip-board , cell phone gigatizer , daily planning book , and other receptive data bases that have little or no use .
 This was just what I needed . I do n't play games , I do n't need portable music . I just want to keep my addresses & my many to-do lists organized.Good stuff : -- Create as many to-do categories as you want.I 've got over a dozen , including my grocery list . You can choose -LRB- or not -RRB- to view completed items , which makes it easy to keep a running grocery list . Just enter the items you usually buy , and deselect those you do n't need on a particular shopping trip . They 're still in the `` Groceries '' category , and will be exposed when you select the option , `` Show Completed Items . '' -- Use it to wake you up on the road.Has a non-annoying , just-loud-enough alarm that is easier and less irritating to use than hotel alarm clocks or your wristwatch.Not so good : -- Watch out when you hot sync . The default is to download all your email . I ended up downloading about 100 messages . And I do n't even use email on my m500 . You have to delete them one-by-one , and I was afraid I was going to wear out the screen where I had to repeatedly tap `` Delete '' in the UI . -- I ca n't get the `` extended shift '' to work to write in all caps . And sometimes it 's very difficult to get the Graffiti system to recognize punctuation entries . This drives me nuts because I need everything to be grammatically correct , but if you do n't mind a dash instead of a colon , you probably wo n't care
 Beautiful , slim , lightweight , shockproof body . -LRB- I have already dropped it once . -RRB- Simple , reliable operating system with battery life to last for weeks and a clear , low resolution LCD screen.I am deducting one star because beaming from another PALM stole information I never intended to share and because the stylus does not work at the outer edges of the screen.Overall , this is a good buy . You wo n't be disappointed .
 The m500 is a great value ! It does everything I need it to do . If you are looking for a basic Palm that will not break the bank this is it !
 I would have rated this 5 stars , had it not had some Chinese decals and applications on it . I know that 's something minor that probably only would bother me though . For example , right beside the Palm logo on the upper left corner , there is a decal in Chinese . In addition , applications such as CJKOS and PenP are in Chinese as well . The essentials are in English though . I still think it was a great bargain . If you would like to see pictures of my Palm , just shoot me a message .
 Although 64 MB additional Ram decreases its speed , it is still the most thin , portable PDA !!!
 I wish the ad was more specific , i.e. what else I could have needed . This is my first purchase
 With it 's lightweight and compact feactures . The handheld is great for both men and women .
 palm m500 is the best handheld in the world .
 I 'm an microsoft ` lover ' so it makes near an year that i 'm trying to figure wich is the best buy for me.By one hand i like PoketPC devices by the other i like something short sized.So i was waiting for something like iPaq or HP color models . But the palm Vx is something beautifull in size - is n't it ? - the only thing is that it was older than PocketPC devices , had something called graffiti for writing , is not colored and without much conectivity.Well , i had to decide so i enumerated my prioritys
 I thought the Palm would have more . In the notes you only get 1 line to write stuff , As a Mom of 3 that 's not enough .
 I know , I 'm one of maybe 3 people left in the world who still use Palm Pilots . Ca n't live without it , and this is a good one . Just the apps I need , nothing complicated . And I 'd buy from this seller again .
 The M500 does what the specs say it will do except the Palm update to fix the back-lighting problem does not seem to work . The Renew Electronics tech support lady , Lynne , gets 5 + stars for her help .
 I searched for a long time to find a PDA . I did not need something with all the fancy features , just something to keep my appointments and to-do list . The Palm m500 does just that . I am fortunate because I decided to buy a refurbished m500 . Most I looked at were $ 100 minimum and I found mine for $ 20 . It is a great product for $ 20 , do not spend any more than that ! It is not worth it ! It is a basic unit that was difficult to sync to my computer . This would be equivalent to paying $ 100 or more for a VCR . As far as me buying a refurbished m500 , I got what I expected . A few scratches on the back , the screen was fine , and one of the scroll buttons does not work . No manual came with it , but that was easily remedied by going to the Palm website and downloading one . The m500 works great , it just is n't worth paying the big bucks . For most people , their smart phone will do what they want . My preference is to have something separate .
 I had a vintage -LRB- legacy -RRB- Palm Pilot Professional which has outlasted several computers . Alas , my current computer is petulant will not talk with the venerable Palm Pilot Professional . Not wanting to store my personal information on my business Blackberry , and having no need for yet another cellular phone , I selected the Palm m500 as my solution . Renew Electronics offered it at a very attractive price . Unfortunately , the original unit provided by Renew Electronics proved faulty , but Renew Electronics rose to the occasion , offering several suggestions to remedy the problem and , when they did not work , replacing the original unit . The replacement works well and provides all the functions I need and more .
 I purchased this Palm m500 to replace an older one that got damaged in a move . I primarily want it to keep organized and make grocery lists . The price was excellent.It arrived fast and in great condition . It was purchased as new and it came new with it 's own leather case . The Software that came with it easy to use , as well as the cables to Hot Synk and charge . The Cradel feature is not really a necessity , unless some really preffer it then it would be an extra accessory . It has lots of features that I would never use , but other customers might , including advance calculations.The Display is excellent . There is no need for color display . Even though I do play some games such as solitair , black and white quite sufficient and clear . Memory is more than adequate . After installing all I wanted and needed , including about 4 games I still have 3/4 free space . I do not connect to the internet with it , but it does have that capability.I appreciate the price I paid for it , it was well worth it . Seller always answered email in timely manner and answered all questions to my satisfaction . Shipping was great and arrived fast.I love my Palm m500
 I wanted a replacement for my handheld which after years of use crashed . This product is no longer made . I found the m500 to be comparable to my old unit in its functions and use . It 's not high tech but is a good `` carry along '' organizer for phone #s addresses , memos etc. .
 I use a Mac , and first had a Newton . The m500 is much better integrated with the Mac OS , and now the desktop software is OS X native . Really works well.I use a PowerBook G4 with an IR port . The PDA syncs easily using the IR port , which is very convenient . I use the cradle just for charging and hot sync over IR . The cradle hotsync work well also , which I used before I upgraded to the OS X native Palm desktop , which is needed to use the IR port.The PDA charges quickly . I have n't done any testing to see the minimum time to charge , but I 've had the PDA in the cradle a few times for less than an hour and the PDA came out fully charged.If you do n't have a Palm yet you can still use the desktop software to great advantage . The software is great for keeping a calendar and phone book . When you get your Palm PDA you just plug it in and you are ready to go . I did that for 6 months before I got the m500 and when I hotsynced the first time I had a fully loaded PDA with all the contact information I had accumulated . It made the PDA immediately useful.Only 4 stars due to the backlight being a little quirky . It is fine in regular lighting and the backlight works well when it is dark . However in dim light it is very hard to read the screen . Also , lots of details on the interface are not as nice as they were on the Newton , but then the screen is so much smaller on Palms compared to a Newton . However , details like dragging entries in the To Do list , inability to select and move multiple notes , and other interface issues could have been better thought out.What this PDA has over the Microsoft driven PDA 's is simplicity . The thing works , hot syncs well , and the USB connection is very nice . Overall I am glad I bought it.The SanDisk 64 meg card works well . Amazing the capacity you now get . -LRB- But then I grew up with 8K on a PDP-8 -RRB- .
 Bought it last night and within three hours I had it charged and all the software loaded . Very easy to operate !! I Like : The contrast featureClear easily readable screenNice size screenAccessible menusI really ca n't think of anything I do n't like yet . I would highly recommend this product to anyone !! I 'm a first time user of PDA 's ! The prices are GREAT now too . Husbands hit your wife up for this one for Xmas , it wo n't break the budget !!
 First off I had a Compaq Aero which ran Windows CE - I thought it was great and everything worked fine . But when it came down to it I never used 95 % of what it could do . Plus it was heavy and bulky and a pain to carry around.That 's why after looking at a friends I went for the Palm m500 . First it 's the smallest and lightest of any PDA . It will fit fine in your front pants pocket with out everyone looking at you funny . And it 's weight is almost not noticeable . Second , I wanted a PDA for the Calendar , Address Book , To Do list , E-mail , and to hold several spreadsheets and documents that I might need from anywhere . That 's about all I use it for and I think that 's what most people will do . However if you want more it 's all there and there are ton 's of software and cards you can use to expand it 's use . With the new price drop this makes a perfect portable PDA for simple needs.PS - I have several friends who show me there ... . Color Windows CE PDA and brag about all the cool things it can do . But when I really push them , they finally reveal it 's just a fancy toy for holding their calander and address book.So if you are n't really sure what you want to do with a PDA or you have had the same experience you ca n't beat the price or size of the Palm m500 .
 This is my first PDA , and I think it was a good choice . I was looking for something with expansion possibilities , and Palm OS.While I was n't willing to pay -LSB- price -RSB- extra for color , I have some pictures that would certainly look better on a color screen . Still I was quite surprised at how well some of them display on the m500 -- depends on the picture . The screen is very sharp and easy to read , especially compared to an m130 and IIIx I have looked at closely.I think I have loaded up my m500 with lots of data and applications -LRB- 51 items on the `` Info '' screen , including a Bible , AvantGo , and several documents and spreadsheets -RRB- and still have almost 3MB of memory left . When I start school again this spring , I will probably be glad I have that expansion slot.The m500 is so easy to use , I was comfortable with it in minutes , and my 4-year-old son has mastered it.I have had one crash . A game I loaded crashed , and required a reset . All data was gone , but all it took was a HotSync to get everything back -- that simple . I can see why many are unhappy with the included USB cradle , but it has n't given me any trouble.All-in-all , I am very pleased . Now my wife is thinking about getting one for herself ! -LRB- Edited 10-18-04 -RRB- When my m500 was 13 months old it died . I think it 's a problem with the battery or charging circuit . When it was 6 months old , it started a high-pitch buzzing sound when plugged into the cradle . Palm support said to try reseting , both soft and hard . The hard reset worked ... for a while . Then I heard the same sound when it was not in the cradle and it had crashed . Tried all combinations of reset . Re-seated the battery , everything I could think of , and it wo n't run more than 10 minutes . New battery is n't worth it . Wife 's m105 has a memory capacitor problem . I do n't think I 'll buy another palm unless I see that they have improved engineering and quality .
 I wanted something to replace my Sharp YO-520 data organizer w / 1 MB that was suffering from a screen going bad , without resorting to buying a smart phone and paying the $ 30/mo subscription fee . I have almost 2,000 names , addresses , phone numbers , email addresses , anniversaries , and passwords in my Sharp , so I pretty much ca n't live without this information . After three weeks of research , I decided on the nine-year-od technology of the Palm m500 to replace the Sharp . It avoids many of the problems with later Palm models , especially color versions , such as frequent battery recharge intervals , difficulty viewing the screen in sunlight , unreliable performance , etc. . This thing will go for weeks w/out recharging . If the battery runs all the way down , it 'll keep the data for several days after . When the warranty period of one year expires , you can use a third-party kit to replace your own battery , as well.Overall , I have been quite pleased with my new Palm m500 . It took a couple of weeks to standardize the data from my Sharp in comma delimted format to import to the new Palm , but having to reenter 2,000 items would have been too overwhelming to contemplate.The CD with the Palm software was useless on Windows XP and Windows7 , but the downloadable software versions from Palm work fine for both these versions of Microsoft 's operating systems . The manual is available in pdf format on the internet , as well . Data sync up nicely with the computer , which is essential for downloading the free and purchasable third-party software apps available , as well as having your essential data backed up on the computer . This `` old '' technology prevents email syncing w / Outlook 2003 or 2007 , but this was not a great loss for me , as I do n't intend to use this device for accessing email . Forget about surfing the internet , too , as the technology is based on infrared through a modem or cellphone , which is pretty outmoded now . However , the infrared port can be used to beam data to another Palm , if you have a second device or someone else has one.If used strictly as a hand-held PDA , this is a great solution , with 8 MB internal memory and the capability of adding additional memory with a memory card . There 's a downloadable application that will enable this device to use the newer high-capacity memory cards , if you so desire . Screen is quite clear and responds well to the stylus , which fits nicely in the side of the device . -LRB- The reset tool unscrews from the top of the stylus . -RRB- The alarm feature is nice for remembering appointments and anniversaries.I would recommend getting the Kensington hard platinum case -LRB- ~ $ 4 -RRB- to fully protect the device and to be able to carry it safely in one 's pocket . I was worried from the picture if it was too large to fit in a pocket , but it has turned out not to be a problem.I 've seen some pretty high prices in 2010 for a new Palm m500 -LRB- $ 150 + -RRB- but you should be able to find one for $ 39.99 or less if you look around . I bought two just to ensure not having to migrate to a new data platform anytime soon .
 I have owned the US Robotics Palm Pilot Professional , the 3Com Palm V , and since May 2001 the Palm m500 . The m500 is an incremental but worthwhile improvement over the V. USB works flawlessly , clock/alarm function is improved , and the flip cover does not accidentally press the buttons as tended to happen with the V. Smaller and lighter than competitors -LRB- Handspring , HandEra , and Sony -RRB- . Highly recommended !!!
 Great product . Palm improved the on/off button and you do not accidently browse or turn it on as I used to with my old Palm V . The responsiveness improved so if you use it for sketches , you will feel the improvement . My main issue with it is still the readability , I may have made a mistake -- should have bought the m505 . The additional slot is important for someone like me who must know the meening of the word once it is read .
 I particularly appreciated Gambi Digital . They are very customer oriented . There was some problem at first that was worked out completely to my satisfaction .
 i would buy any electronics from this company they go way beyond to help people 5 stars this company stand behind there product and are great with their customers
 So far the Pilot is great . Still learning it at this point , but the interface is intuitive . It does exactly what was claimed and is perfect for my needs .
 This is the third palm that I have had . They have come a long way from the first one and I know it is old technology , but for now it does everything I need . This unit turns on kind of easy while in my purse . Also it has a place for a second stylus but I only received one .
 My wife has totally enjoyed her new play thing . This item not only helps her with the personal things but she uses it mostly for work . It beats all those scrap papers she use to make notes and and half those gets lost !! ...
 Please note that the other reviews were for the 505 , not the 500 . I am reviewing the 500 . I love mine . It 's light and easy to use . Four days after getting it , I had to go on an emergency trip . I put all my info about car rentals , Points-of-contact , etc. . Everything in one place , not on 42 little pieces of paper , or in a bulky notebook . One thing to note is that if you are using Microsoft NT , you must get the serial cradle , not the USB . Microsoft , in its infinite wisdom , does n't support USBs under NT . I did n't know this , and got the wrong cradle . This is not Palm 's fault -LRB- although a warning note in the online information would have been nice -RRB- , but rather a serious failing of Microsoft -LRB- as usual -RRB- . Anyway , stylus w/graffiti function works great , and I 'm someone with horrible handwriting . You learn it very quickly , and they even give you stickers in case you forget . I have not experienced any of the negatives that are written in the other reviews , at all . Great product , very happy !
 This is very usefull as it holds a great deal of medical PDA software . I just upgraded from a Palm VX . The expandable memory and price on this makes it a good buy . I did n't want a color PDA as I find color distracting and a bit unprofessional.This PDA is not as well built as the Palm VX but has the advantage of more memory and the added notepad feature which can store hand written scribble.I purchased mine directly from Palm as Amazon was out of them for a while . The price here on Amazon is much better.The Palm brand hard shell case for this PDA is very poorly made when contrasted with the hard shell case for the Palm VX.I purchased my Palm m500 with a 16mb expansion card so that I could add the PDR software which is available free to physicians . So far this PDA is running smoothly.Although the palm m500 looks a great deal like the Palm VX , it is designed so that NONE of the peripherals that go with the Palm VX will fit this palm ie the keyboard and hot sync apparatus.As one upgrades to this it requires the repurchase of EVERYTHING . This was disturbing .
 The seller was great , all we had to do was e-mail him about how to get started using the palm and we have had a palm , he later sent CD 's that would help us understand the product . THe price was great and I ca n't wait to buy again .
 THIS PRODUCT HAS SAVED ME TIME AND MONEY BECAUSE WHEN I CLERK TELLS ME THAT I HAVE TO HAVE THE DATE I BROUGHT SOMETHING ON TO GET A COPY OF A RECIEPT BECAUSE HE OR SHE WO N'T BE ABLE TO REFUND OR GIVE ME A STORE CREDIT BECAUSE I DO N'T HAVE MY RECIEPT FOR THIS ITEM OR THAT ITEM I JUST PUT IN THE SEACH ENGINE OF THIS PALM AND BAM I HAVE THE DATE I BROUGHT IT!I USUALLY PUT IN THE PRODUCTS I BUY AND WHEN I BROUGHT THEM ALSO WHERE.I 'VE BEEN DOING THIS FOR YEARS NOW . IT 'S A SHAME THEY DO N'T SELL THIS PRODUCT ANYMORE.THE NEW PALMS ARE JUST SMARTPHONES AND DO N'T HAVE THE SPEED OR THE CATAGORIES THAT THESE DEVICES HAVE.I 'M VERY THANKFUL THAT AMAZON.COM WORKS FOR PEOPLE LIKE ME WHO NEED WHAT THIS WORLD CONSIDERS OLD STUFF.PalmOne m500 Handheld
 This Palm replaced an older one I had that would no longer sync to my computer -LRB- due to its age -RRB- . The new one works great though it took an outstanding Customer Support Crew some time to help me with the `` glitches '' . They were relentless about getting me up and running -LRB- at all costs -RRB- . The Palm 500 does need to be recharged more frequently that my previous unit ; but that 's okay because my data is not lost even though the battery has stopped working . I 'd recommend highly .
 While I had some problems when this item arived when I contacted the supplier he solved the problem.This is a very basic devise . But that was what I was looking for and it works well in that capacity .
 This unit was purchased as a replacement for an older one that has died . The unit works very well for our purposes , however the lack of screen color like our older one had makes it a little more difficult to read and changing the screen brightness only works so far . Overall we are happy with the m500 unit .
 I needed a Palm pda that was available in 2006 . Of course , by now it 's obsolete . Through Amazon I was able to purchase a NEW M500 that satisfied my needs . Works just like it 's supposed to .
 A nice , smooth transition . my data from the old product transferred almost automatically to the new application on my computer and then blended it -LRB- syncronized -RRB- with the new PalmOne . My old palm pilot failed but i still had the application running on my computer . It was an easy upgrade to the new one . the supplier provided a disc with software and instructions .
 I wanted a simple PDA that allows me to take notes when I am out of the office but on call . This does exactly what I need it to do . The shipping was fast and I was pleased with the transaction .
 A friend and I needed a way to carry large amounts of simple data without carrying books . We checked for PDA 's , but the new ones were quite expensive and did all kinds of things we did n't need or want to do . This level of technology is perfect for this specific use . We can sit in class and look up information and specific passages in books that we 've downloaded . We 've worked with them for about 4 weeks now , and they are good , serviceable , and if they die in a year we 're not out a ton of money . Highly recommended .
 I have a hectic , ever changing work schedule . I had a newer Palm that suddenly died on me . I needed to find a replacement quickly but was n't wanting to put a lot of $ into one . I found a refurbished one that looks brand new and works great . I downloaded anything I needed , found games , etc. . I actually get more use out of this one that I did my last one which was a newer model . I am very happy with this purchase !
 For $ $ $ , you will receive THE best monochrome PDA around . It 's one of the smallest , thinnest , and overall , the best PDA for it 's features and price .
 This Palm Pilot is an excellent model . I have recommended it to numorous people . It has all the top notch features at a really great price . The thing that makes this one cost less is that it is monochrome . That is just fine with me because I do not use my Palm Pilot as a game machine or Phote Albumn . It 's purpose is to be a contact manager and color is not neccessary for that . The big BIG let down for this -LRB- which does not affect the number of stars -RRB- is that 3com for some reason decided to stop manufacting it . I had a friend try to buy a new one here at Amazon and they had even charged him for the Palm and then they cancelled his order and refunded his money . I really wish that 3com would realize that this is a very valuable tool for many people . Well enough complaining . Those of you who can get their hands on the last few are in for a treat . I upgraded from an IIIx and it is super fast on Hot Syncing . The expansion slot opens up unlimited options . The vibrating alarms are very useful .
 I replaced my IIIxe with the M500 after 31/2 years of service . It 's an outstanding package for the price , and the new programs/features make organization even easier . I have found myself using the notepad as my own private sticky notes even more than expected . The expandability is great , and the included Docs to Go software makes compatibility with MS products no problem . Highly recommended !
 If you 're comparing this with the more attractively priced Handspring Edge , the Palm has the advantage for convenience and compactness . Not only is it a tad smaller and lighter , but once you 've opened the attached cover of the Handspring , you 've in effect doubled its surface area -LRB- the hinge prevents folding it all the way back -RRB- . Sufficiently cumbersome and inconvenient that I 'm returning the Edge . If light is right , pay the extra for the Palm m500 ; if value is paramount , it 's hard to argue against the Handspring Deluxe .
 To all the people in the last ... lets see ... 6 years , reviewing this product and bombing it with one star.This is outdated technology . What do you expect . Wake up
 Most of the other reviews have covered the basics so I 'll just list my pros/cons : Pros : - Relatively slim and light , metal front-Alarm/vibrate-Excellent battery life -LRB- goes days without needing to recharge -RRB- - Does what a PDA should do , without the fancy bells & whistles -LRB- that will ultimately define a PDA in the future -RRB- - Palm software is easy to use ; installing apps not a problem.-Graffiti writing reasonably effectiveCons : - Does not seem to like syncing via USB -LRB- serial is fine -RRB- . Keeps breaking connections esp . while syncing conduits like AvantGo.-Too easy to turn on . If you keep this in your pocket or leather case it will depress one of the front buttons and screen , and drain the battery and leave garbled text . A solution is a shareware or freeware hack app -LRB- StayOffHack is what I use -RRB- that requires you to hold down the Pg Down button while pressing one of the on buttons to turn the unit on . Palm should 've included this feature in the OS.-I bought a 64MB SD card for this unit , and while it works fine , it seems a majority of large apps wo n't even work running off the card . One of the few exceptions was Acrobat Reader , but the Word reader I use wo n't -LRB- have to use handheld memory to store . doc files -RRB- . I could n't even store my documents on the card . Thus the 8MB memory is still a limiting factor.I still think this is an excellent PDA . It seems to be one of the last B&W ; ones , but color , watching movies , and listening to music is n't what I was looking for in a PDA . I was mainly looking for an organizer and something to store class notes , which is much easier to carry than a notebook -LRB- though scrolling text through a little screen is no fun -RRB- . Also , the Palm keyboard for it is expensive -LRB- the same keyboard for older models can be bought for 1/4 the price -RRB- , but it is the only decent one made for this model , unfortunately , unless typing with your thumbs appeals to you .
 I 've had my m500 for just over a year . Like many others , I replaced my venerable VX with this . It does with everything the Vx did with some nice additions . To be fair , the lack of compatibility between the m500 family of Palms and the Palm V 's was disappointing . Clearly , this is a marketing ploy to boost peripheral sales from customers who have upgraded . Back to the m500 itself ; I do everything with it . I use it as an organizer , syncing nicely with MS-Outlook . It serves as my ebook reader with the 8MB in memory holding several books , including the entire Bible . I use the Note Pad function to handwrite quick notes or drawings for later reference . I use a Stowaway type keyboard to take notes in drawn out meetings at work or to do personal writing in my free time . I take it everywhere , in a hardshell case , and its proven most durable . The available , yet limited expandability in the removeable card media is convenient should you deal in massive amounts of data . I still have n't exhausted the internal 8MB of memory since I compulsively discard useless data and applications.This is a good low frills electronic organizer . It does n't take up much space . If you want impressive audio and videa on a PDA -LRB- egad ! -RRB- then you would be best served to look elsewhere . If you need a good organizing enhancement , with limited nice-to-haves , this is a good little tool to have .
 I just purchased one of the new Palm m500 's . I had a Palm IIIc for a while and was very happy with that . However , I purchased a Palm Vx for someone at work and was impressed with the small size . I then looked at the m500 and m505 for myself . I liked the screen on the m500 much better than the m505 color . It seemed sharper and easier to read . The backlight is really cool . In dim light or in darkness , it creates a `` negative '' image and is very easy to see and use . All the hardware and software work well , just like other Palms . The battery life has been very good so far . The size is just awesome . I think it is the smallest PDA and fits very nicely in my shirt pocket . The expansion slot seems to have a lot of potential , but it has limited uses right now . Also , the accessories for the m500 are limited and not stocked in all stores . I have not used the Internet or modem on this PDA . Overall , I think this is the best `` executive '' PDA on the market and love the size , screen , and future expansion capabilities .
 My only regret with the 500 is that it 's not color , but when I bought it I did n't feel like spending extra for the color screen . There have been very few times when I missed a color screen ; as I use mine for work rather than photos and games , a monochrome screen is fine . Otherwise I have no regrets - I literally use the Palm every day in many different settings . There is an abundance of excellent software -LRB- if you 're in healthcare as I am , Epocrates -LRB- www.epocrates.com -RRB- is a must have , and it 's free -RRB- available at sites like www.palm.com and www.download.com for either low prices or for free . Even my 67 year old father who still regrets the passing of ink and quill uses one!Some criticism has been written about the battery life . I have never had the battery die on me and I use mine a lot . It recharges in under an hour , usually by the time I 'm done HotSynching.One really neat feature of the whole Palm concept is that many programs -LRB- such as Epocrates , a medication reference guide -RRB- will access the Internet and update themselves everytime you Hotsynch . You always have the most current information available , and it 's automatic . AvantGo is another program I use which does the same thing.I am certain that you will find these devices more useful than you expect , and in ways that you ca n't imagine .
 The Palm 500 is for the folks who want the svelte shape and rechargeable battery of the Palm V but also a convenient expansion slot for stuff like memory and modems . The lithium-polymer battery has also been somewhat improved.And since the Palm V is such a well-thought-out device , that ai n't a bad place to start . However , Palm 's price points seem overextended on the high end just about now , and their low-end devices , the M100 , 105 and 125 -- skimp on screen size and thus can not compete with low-end competitors from Handspring.As far as the `` color '' 505 is concerned , you might want to save your money . At least check it out in a store or look at a friend 's . The folks at Palm skimped again on the screen , which they should not have done for their highest end device . I could understand colors this washed out on a cheapie color Palm , but not on a model that has to compete with the brilliant screen on the Compaq iPaq.All in all , however , these are evolutionary devices and I see no real need for existing Palm users to spend the money to upgrade , unless you absolutely positively can not do without some expansion add-on ...
 I have the Vx and love it . I purchased this for my girlfriend and love the updates that Palm has added to this model over the Vx . For starters the screen on the M500 is much nicer than Vx . The image is clearer and the backlight is a hugh improvement . The Vx screen has a greenish color to it as well as with the backlight while the M500 has a eye pleasing white color to it.Other improvements are the USB cradle , Palm 4.01 OS , and secure card slot . There are not a lot of current uses for the secure card slot but that might change over time.If you are looking for a Palm I would highly recommend the M500 compared to some of the other models . Do n't be fooled by some of the lower priced models . Some of the lower priced models use batteries where the M500 has rechargeable batteries , a big advantage . The lower priced models also have smaller screens and are made of plastic . For the extra money go for the M500 , you wo n't regret it .
 This was just what I needed . I do n't play games , I do n't need portable music . I just want to keep my addresses & my many to-do lists organized.Good stuff : -- Create as many to-do categories as you want.I 've got over a dozen , including my grocery list . You can choose -LRB- or not -RRB- to view completed items , which makes it easy to keep a running grocery list . Just enter the items you usually buy , and deselect those you do n't need on a particular shopping trip . They 're still in the `` Groceries '' category , and will be exposed when you select the option , `` Show Completed Items . '' -- Use it to wake you up on the road.Has a non-annoying , just-loud-enough alarm that is easier and less irritating to use than hotel alarm clocks or your wristwatch.Not so good : -- Watch out when you hot sync . The default is to download all your email . I ended up downloading about 100 messages . And I do n't even use email on my m500 . You have to delete them one-by-one , and I was afraid I was going to wear out the screen where I had to repeatedly tap `` Delete '' in the UI . -- I ca n't get the `` extended shift '' to work to write in all caps . And sometimes it 's very difficult to get the Graffiti system to recognize punctuation entries . This drives me nuts because I need everything to be grammatically correct , but if you do n't mind a dash instead of a colon , you probably wo n't care.I got about a $ 25 rebate on my model . I never buy electronics that do n't have rebates . Okay , I never buy electronics . But I 'm hoping to make rebate-seeking a habit . I would recommend snooping around for rebate-happy models , except if you see them highlighted on the developer 's site , beware . There was a color Palm that was being hyped with a rebate when I was shopping around , and I found out that it had a very low screen resolution . I ca n't deal with that . Make sure you compare the specs that are important to you .
 I currently own his case it 's nothing Fancy , but it uses Velcro to keeep yor Zize secure and the flip down style is great , you wo n't need to take it out of the case .
 This is a great CD burner . I had to get a new one after the internal burner that came with my computer stopped working . CDs burn very quickly and the HotBurn software was easy to install and easy to use . Pretty foolproof . Bonus that it comes with all the flash-card readers . I do n't really use them but it 's nice to know they 're there in case I need them . The player connects via USB to the CPU but there 's an extra handy USB port on the device itself , so you 're not losing a port.My only minor complaint is that there 's no way to turn the device off . Once it 's plugged in it 's automatically on . Also , the eject button is directly below the CD tray when it pops out , so if you place the device on a table you have to put it close to the edge if you want to use the button to close the tray . Otherwise you have to push the tray back in with your hand instead of the button.All in all it 's been quite good . The main reason I bought it was because of the burner , which so far has worked flawlessly . I 've had it for three months and it has n't given me any problems .
 Really great burner with the high speed USB 2.0 connection . Come with 7 +1 card reader , it is affordable . I agree with Peesez if only the eject/close button is not below the tray and if the device automatically power-off when computer shut down , otherwise it 'll become the greatest cd burner !
 Good value as a replacement cartridge , . Hoped they would provide crdit for the used one to save the envirnment , but they do not .
 The affordable , stylish , compact , feature-loaded Jornada is a smart buy for those with heavy schedules . I would be lost without mine .
 The price is not comparable with those of the department stores , circut city , best buy etc. . I 've found it for 149 . Do you price match ?
 This is a great model . Just add a CompactFlash card for more space and some great programs and you 've got a great palm ! -LRB- not that it is n't without all that stuff ! -RRB-
 For almost three years I had exclusively used a Jornada 820 -LRB- Windows CE handheld with built-in modem and keyboard -RRB- as a portable device . And while I still love to take the 820 along on trips , there was one drawback
 I have been using the Jornada 525 for about week , and I am very satisfied with the quality of this product . The unit has a nice solid feel , and there are rubber grips on each side to make it easier to hold . The leather case that is included works well , and has a sleeve inside for holding the stylus.The 12-bit -LRB- that 's 4096 colors -RRB- 240x320 display is surprisingly detailed and sharp compared to other similarly priced products . The Jornada is also equipped with a built-in speaker and a stereo headphone jack . The `` up to 8 hours of battery life '' for the rechargable battery usually turn out to be around 5-6 hours on low power use settings . The screen responds very well to touch , but I would recommend buying screen protectors to prevent scratching.There are thousands of third party applications and games out there to load onto the Jornada as well . Installing programs is very easy - you just have to download the installation file , sync the Jornada to your PC , and run the installation file . The program will take a minute or two to transfer depending on the size.Here are a few of the things I like/don ' t like about the Jornada : GOOD : - Performance vs. price -LRB- compare to Palm IIIc , Handspring Visor Platinum , other Windows CE handhelds -RRB- - Sharp , colorful , well lit display -LRB- fully adjustable brightness/contrast -RRB- - Fast . Very few delays while opening programs or navigating menus . - Included items
 This little PDA must not be advertised much . I bought one in the store after trying a lot of them , and for the money , this does just about everything ! It is a Pocket PC , so it has Word , Excel , money management etc. . It does n't have World time , which I liked on the handspring and is a little heavier than some , though it is still a very portable size , not as big -LRB- or heavy -RRB- as some of the other pocket PCs . Voice recording is cool . I just got it and keep playing around with it . It 's definitely not as user-friendly as the Handspring or Palm , which is why I gave it 4 stars , but it does have a great color screen and more memory and features than the other ones . You can also eventually buy a modem for it if you really want and play MP3s on it . Some other Jornadas -LRB- higher numbered ones -RRB- did n't get so great a review on Consumer Reports , so I was hesitant to buy this one , but so far , the sync capabilities with my machine are great . I think this is just one overlooked little machine .
 I moved over a Visor Prism last week and even though I still love my Visor I am very satisfied with the HP 525 . It has a very nice sleek metal design and it feels solid in my hand . I have to tell you that I spent around 3 long nights figuring out the last detail of the software and the `` infamous '' windows CE . Maybe not that easy to handle compared to the Plam OS but the more I got into the new system , the more I liked it . Running at 133mhz it handles the programs well when you are not using multitask . The 256 colors do nicely on the programs but this is not a multimedia device specially if you want to play a video or to watch high resolution pictures . The MP3 player sounds great with my headphones and with a built in compact flash you have no problem with the space . I have to tell you that I was n't sure about buying a Pocket Pc since I have been with palm devices for the last 3 years but I wanted more features out of the box for less money this time . What I do n't like about it ?? Well , it does n't have a metal cover , you ca n't hold your stylus inside the device , it only has 16mb , it does n't use USB to Sync , no cradle and short battery life . Putting aside all the limitations , the HP 525 is a nice machine with an elegant design . If you are moving from a Palm handheld this could be a very good and affordable option for you .
 All in all I am VERY happy with my purchase . I was a stubborn Palm IIIc user until I bought this unit . I ahd the Ipaq but did not want to deal with the manufacturing issues . This unit is solid , performs aptly -LRB- I recommend GoBar to assist in memory usage -RRB- , and I bought the hard lid that the 548 sports . One drawback is the lack of USB support . If you need that , you must look elsewhere . I can not give it 5 stars because it does not have an active matrix screen and only sports 16 MB of ram , but I would recommend this to anyone who want to try the Pocket PC platform but does not want to shell out $ 500 ; or anyone who wants a good PDA while they wait for the next hottest thing to come out .
 Nothing can beat the price to function ratio of this machine . I got a Visor Edge and bought this one for $ 220 -LRB- It 's a long story -RRB- . And my friend kept asking me why this color one is even cheaper than the B/W Edge ? If you are looking for an MP3 player and/or a PDA for cheap this is what you should get . The MP3 playback is awsome . Music quality is great with earphone jack and it has no problem playing Music as good as 128bit/sec . You can easily get a 64mb CF card for less than $ 40 , or 128mb on Amazon for $ 60 , which bring the total down to less than $ 300 for an MP3 player + COLOR PDA.There are a few downside of this PDA , though . The color is 256 , which means that you wo n't be able to see great pictures that you took from your digital camera on it . And there is only serial cable connection for it . I will suggest you buy a USB card reader if you are actually using it as an MP3 player.A few tricks you might want to know . You need to create a folder called `` My Documents '' in your card so that mediaplayer can find your music . And , to save energy , the screen toggle function in the option can be set so that you can turn screen off while listening to music.In all I think this is worth at least 4 starts .
 It 's not the fastest , it 's not the lightest , it does n't have the best screen , it does n't even have USB sync ... But , for about half the price of those `` best '' units , Jornada 525 does everything well that 's expected of any PocketPC . I bought Viking 128MB CF expension card -LRB- here @ Amazon -RRB- to store all files -LRB- so I can allocate more memory to run programs -RRB- and still have enough room left over for over an hour of MP3 music to enjoy with pair of good headphones . With only a serial connection and slower processor than the competition , this unit is for those of us who are patient and will use it mainly as a secondary portable device to compliment our primary portable notebook computers . All in all , I am completely satisfied and it 's all I expected and more .
 I got a terrific deal on my Jornada , squeaking in under some of the economy PalmOS deals . Having used it now for a month or so , I can say that it 's worth the advertised retail price -- any money off that is icing on the cake.The drawbacks were mostly mentioned in the review -- no stylus slot , serial data transfers -LRB- USB is not available for the 520-series -RRB- , and 8-bit color does n't really lend itself to viewing photos or the like . However , in a PDA at this price , any color is a terrific bonus . I carry the soft case that came with the Jornada everywhere I take it , and it has a small loop where you can store a stylus . And you can get around the transfer speeds by using CompactFlash memory and purchasing a USB CF reader -LRB- they have gotten very inexpensive -RRB- . I have my MP3 's downloaded in a flash -LRB- pun intended -RRB- . -LRB- Note that if you try this , it is probably best to store your files somewhere under the `` My Documents '' folder on the CF card -- you can create it if it does n't already exist . -RRB- This unit works well as an MP3 player , though I did notice a slight pop between tracks using the included Media Player . It is also a terrific digital recorder , and if you search around in the settings long enough , you can even change the recording format for better quality sound -LRB- the default format is proprietary to HP , so if you want to listen to it on your computer you will need to download a driver from hp.com -RRB- . The quick-access keys on the unit are user-assignable , and there is extensive customization available -- both device-specific and the usual PocketPC stuff . The display has a few different lighting presets and is generally easy to read in all lighting environments . The speaker leaves something to be desired -- it is pretty tinny and not really useful for listening to MP3 's , for example ; however , plugging in headphones solves that problem nicely.Overall , I could n't have asked for much more than this at double the price I paid .
 If you dont need all the bells and whistles that an extra 16-32 MB would afford you -- this is the PDA for you ! I was a loyal Palm user for three years - but the quality graphics , COLOR , design , and added functionality on the HP 525 blew me away . If you use Outlook -- this synchronizes quite nicely . I recommend purchasing a hard cover to protect the screen and to hold the stylus.The only thing I dont like
 The M100 or M105 of PocketPCs . It does its job and some more . I use it to keep organized and play videos , though it doesnt do a good job at playing videos with a 256 color screen . The value was very good when I got it , but now , it is obsolte from the new PPC2002 operating system and there are IPAQs for 350 , a better deal that this.I would recommend this to anyone that is on a budget and doesnt need multimedia a lot .
 Wow , this thing is amazing ! This HP 525 has many great things about it . It has a 133mHz Processor , 16mb RAM , and many more things . Above all is its price ! -LRB- ... -RRB- This syncs great and fast , and who needs so much memory built in ? You can expand 64mb for -LRB- dollar amount -RRB- ! The screen is great , and it can also play mp3s . Since the handheld is so cheap , I do n't have to worry about breaking or scratching it . -LRB- ... -RRB- This is a GREAT little machine !!!
 If you are looking for a Pocket PC , this is the one for you . It has everything you could ever need . You can type documents in Word and Excel with incredible ease . It even has a built in MP3 player and a lot of memory . THe only drawbacks are that its screen scratches very easily and it does n't come with a hard cover or a place to store the stylus on the PDA . Oter thatn that , this is a great PC and a great buy .
 I ` m from Buenos Aires , Argentina . I bought my Jornada 525 on november 2001 and I ` m realy happy with this unit.It is really elegant for business and it has the basic programs that a business man need.Unnluckily , it was discontinious .
 This product is awesome ! I 've used it for mostly note taking and mp3 music , and the quality of the music is better than any mini disc or mp3 player I 've used before . It has a mixmatch of everything for everyone , making it very useful . I use it daily with reminders of when and where to meet people , and how long , etc. . It comes standard with my favorite windows game Solitare . All in All , I love it !
 Great little machine . Does just what I needed . Maintains contact list ; transfers files to/from PC ; great reminder process . After seeing what it can do , everyone I 've shown it to was amazed by the price -LRB- < two hundred -RRB- .
 i usually am the tech pioneer in my circle of family and friends , but when it came to the Palm/PDA revoluation i was slow to jump on the wagon . when i finally decided that i was going to get one , there were so many options to choose from ... with the creation of the `` low-end '' palms , the handspring and all its attachments , and the pocket pcs ... what i really NEEDED to have in my handheld features were contacts , scheduling , notes , and tasks ... even the low-end handhelds had these basic capabilites , but with the drop in price of the HP Jornada 525 , i was able to get a couple more perks to the basic functions that i needed for about the same price.compared to the memory of the Palms , the pocket pcs kick a lot of -LRB- ... -RRB- , standard with the HP 525 is 32 MB , and comes with an expansion for even more memory -LRB- which i have put into use with an added 128 MB -RRB- . the added memory helps to keep the unit functioning at a great speed , and lets you download a lot more music ... it 's got a color screen , which palm as well as other handhelds offer , but of course , still at a much lower price . the screen is , however , hard to read outdoors , and even in some cases , almost impossible outdoors , which is one of my few complaints.i did n't need to have word or excel or even ms money , but since having the HP 525 , have been able to utilize these programs , and if anything , comes in handy in transporting files to and from the office , or reviewing documents while in transit ... and with pocket money , do n't need to lug around my checkbook register to stay on top of my accounts , makes it much easier and neater to log purchases and keep everything balanced . pocket streets is also part of the bonus software , which at some point may come in handy , but have yet to use.HP 525 comes with the media player , which was one of the reasons why i chose this over getting the price-comparable palm of handspring . it was nice to have the player built in , and not have to buy and ` added accesory ' for that luxury . and for those who already use PCs transferring songs is easy as pie ... note , transferring music files should be done through the serial cable versus infrared.the newer pocket pcs have ` faster ' processors but , it 's not as slow as described by reviewed by tech editors . another peeve with the handhelds that i have overall is that the OS can not be upgraded , but i think that 's the case across the board with both the palm OS and pocket pc OS -LRB- i 'm not positive -RRB- there are more handhelds out there with more processing power and even MORE capabilities . But if you 're not looking to conquer the universe with your handheld , and hope to keep your names and dates in order with a little pizzaz and a couple of extra perks -LRB- such as color screen and music player -RRB- this is the right product for you with a price that 's just right .
 When I think back to the time in my life before implementing the HP Jornada 525 , all I can see is paper . Little pieces and large pages -- strewn about in my office , car and bedroom . All in an attempt to record moments of significance and information with retention requirements.What a relief ! This little piece of electronic technology has , with more power than my first portable computer , allowed me to organize , record and generally track the past , present and future of my life . Intimately and accurately , the Hp Jornada 525 has empowered me to have all pertinate information `` in the palm of my hand '' . Color - supurb ! Audio - unbelievable ! Downloading from the internet - easy ! I record my own voice-thoughts when writing with the incredibly easy touch-pen is not convenient . I keep recordings of my little four-year-old girl stored on my Jornada so that I can listen to her voice to remind me why I am working so hard and how great it will be to get home to her and her mother.I could go on ... The title says it all .
 I have been working with the Jornada 525 for two weeks now . I love it ! Nothing about it is outstanding , but it is a fine machine that I got mostly so I could run ListPro , by Ilium Software . And it runs that nifty little program really well . Most of the new machines cost three or four hundred dollars more than I just paid for the 525 . If I 'd paid that much I might be disappointed with some of the streaking in the colors on the screen , and the fact that the stylus is in the cheap case and not stored in the device . Also , the Microsoft applications are pretty weak , even though they do the job -- this is the older PocketPC opperating system , not the new version that just came out . All in all , for the money , this machine is great . And I had great service from Amazon !
 I purchased this with the intentions of downloading free drug and medical information for my practice as a nurse practitioner . I `` shopped '' the net for about 2 weeks , looking at the pros and cons of just about every handheld . I finally decided on the HP Jornada 525 because of the price -LSB- price -RSB- and the features , and I have no regrets . I also purchased extra stylus ' -LRB- I already lost one !!! -RRB- and the battery pack . The AC adapter was included . This pocket PC is reliable and well worth the price . It 's easy on the eyes , too . The ability to handwrite notes and make voice recordings is also an asset . I can see why this has sold out and I am glad that I purchased it when I did . I would recommend this to anyone looking for an affordable handheld PC .
 After studying and reading about all the different PDA 's I finally purchased a Casio BE-300 . I was very disappointed . I could n't even figure out how to load additional software on it . I tried calling tech support to no avail -LRB- only open certain hours -RRB- . I then e-mailed tech support and received no reply . I returned to product to CompUSA where I bought it , paid their 15 % restocking fee -LRB- I will never buy anything from CompUSA again -RRB- . I then purchased this one . What a difference . Same price as the BE-300 , but ten times the PDA . I have been extremely impressed with the Jornada . It does everything I want it to do and more . I have been pleasantly surprised by its various features . It has exceeded my expectations .
 Its a great tool for those who simply needed this type of technology . Strong potential for storing data in word and excel formats not to mention outlook as contact database . MP3 capability is absolutely a plus especially when 128MB expanded memory card thru its featured compact flash port is added . Not meant for serious visual multimedia although it can accommodate the needed application for that purpose . Good and wise investment especially when you 're always on the go keeping abreast with information/data required remotely from main/home pc . This is a practical personal item to keep for a good period of time considering the pace of technological advancement nowadays .
 i am definitely not a techie ... i do n't even have a dvd player or cd-rw ... but i have always refered to myself as a bag lady cause i love my stuff and want it with me ... i always carried some large bag with notebooks , books , games etci originally wanted to simply read ebook ... lots of books in one small space ... the other features -LRB- games , notebook , contacts , calander -RRB- were simply bonus features i soon learned to love and not live without . my first pda was ebookman ... it was ok , mono-color , some software avaiable etc but when they did n't release microsoft reader for ebookman and i realized i may never be able to read a well-known author on my device ... i returned it and bought a hp jornada 525 . the specs vs price were right and from my research i still think this little dynamo is the best for the price !!!! since then i 've definitely found i ca n't live without my pda -LRB- my boyfriend is actually jealous of the pda for the attention it gets from me -RRB- i have a keyboard , a camera , any accessory i could get ! and rarely am i disappointed with my purchases ! the only cons i would say are ... a / it uses windows ce 2.11 ... time consuming to switch between programs -LRB- microsoft 's fault , not hp -RRB- ... this was solved by downloading task manager software free from the internet -LRB- many programs out there -RRB- ... b / one thing i can say about franklin 's ebookman was the screen did n't scratch . trust me ... the jornada 's screen can scratch very easy and so i simply recommend shelling out just once even for screen protector ... definitely worth the money.overall , i love my pda ! i listen to books and music , keep my calander and contacts , get reminders when i need them , play games , compose documents , read books , take picures ect ect ... all in one little package -LRB- NO MORE BAG LADY -RRB- best of all , being a nurse , i have complete drug reference stored on it , lab values , and various other programs to help in my medical field - fast easy information i can take with me ! my back thanks hp for not having to lug all those refence books around ... i even have programs to help diagnose and treat various symptoms ! and that makes my pda TAX DEDUCTIBLE : -RRB- YOU WO N'T BE DISAPPOINTED WITH THIS LITTLE BABY !
 Perfect fit for 2580 scanner and small enough to easily carry on a plane or slip into a carryon bag .
 A friend ask me to order this set for him . after i received it and have used it on jobs all items work very well . I WANT ONE !!!!!
 When your working , scissors and punch are the main tools you need . Scissors are great , they work just as well as any others . My blade got stuck in the punch , not sure how that happened might 've dropped it idk . But nonetheless it works very well . I do n't really use the stripper or little LED but i guess it 's nice to have . And the holster is fantastic , I like having all my tools right where I know they are . At first it 's hard to get the sharpie out or the mag light but it 'll loosen up a little . Great stuff
 I like it and for my type of job it really useful and practical . I do n't need any more to have my pockets full of tools : -RRB-
 My old Siemons pouch was getting to the end of its life so it was time to upgrade . Now I can carry my snips , punch-down , multi-bit screwdriver , and flush cutters in a single holster . I 've been eyeing this holster for years while I was a cable tech but now that I 'm a Sys Admin I do n't do much cabling anymore . For times when I do though , this thing rocks !
 This holster is the best . Never has any of my data tools fallen out of this holster .
 Works great.holds everything you need except for a boxcutter which we use alot.also could use a chain for a tape holder but I added that.I also Drilled a hole through the front slot to hold screwdriver securely.Simple field modification . ;-RRB- . Otherwise great product . I will use it for a long time.Its built to last .
 Delivery of item was quick . Item in good shape . Currently I am using it and am satisfied with its quality .
 I am extremely pleased with the professional and curteous treatment in the purchase of this product . The battery is excellent . Good job !!!
 The battery was exactly the correct one . It arrived quickly.Been using it for 3 weeks so far . Seems to have good life .
 This is a great light , but it 's not perfect . I agree with the heat-related complaints of the other posters - at full brightness , it gets very hot . That said , it is still not nearly as hot as a halogen or incandescent light of similar brightness.As far as trim , it looks like something a couple of guys put together in their garage . The pieces do n't fit together quite right , the light does n't pivot as much as it seems like it should , and it responds to light nudges by nearly tipping over . I 've almost knocked this thing off my desk twice in the one day that I 've owned it.Finally , the glare from the bulb -LRB- i.e. , seeing the bulb out of the corner of your eye -RRB- is very nasty , and it 's made worse by the fact that this light is very difficult to position -LRB- no vertical adjustment , and it lives at an imperfect height -RRB- . All of that said , the lamp puts out nearly perfect light - bright enough to make my eyes sore -LRB- but also dimmable to a reasonable level -RRB- , and perfectly , cleanly balanced . It 's really a very true white light that makes all the colors of anything on my desk jump out . It 's striking , and perfect for reading.All in all , I am happy to put up with the imperfections of the lamp in exchange for the great light cast by the bulb . This is the howitzer of desk lamps
 Hands down the best lamp for reading that I own . I also have a couple of Ott-Lite lamps for reading but this lamp is SOOOO much brighter and clearer that the difference is absolutely unmistakeable.The construction of this lamp is also impressively rugged - it 's no work of art but if your looking for something that you wont throw away in 2 years and use year after year , then this is definitely for you.I bought this for my office and it stands out a lot ! Yes its a little pricey but its worth it . I like it so much I bought a smaller 42W for home use ... someone mentioned something about the heat it gives off ... this is true it does but it is energy efficient and if you use the dimmer this really reduces the heat - personally mines on 100 % all the time - I like it bright ! I hands down recommend this product , unreservedly !
 I have suffered from depression for about 5 years . I have been on perscription medicines prescribed by my doctor . While they helped I still had problems . My wife read a book on depression which recommended light therapy for SOME cases.I ordered this lamp because it was dimmaable . Thus , I use it for light treatment first thing each morning and a lamp during the rest of the day . The lamp is attractive and I have had no problems . More important I began to feel better after 4 days and continue to feel better than I have for years . While I still have problems , this lamp has done more to make me feel better than all of the medication.I am very happy with this product .
 If you look closely at the reviews of BlueMax and the others this light is powerful . It is not going to win and beauty contests but that is not what it is for . The company said it was 4 times more effective than Verilux and Ott Lite and they were right . Wow ! the clarity and comfort was off the charts . Yes some have said it gets hot but it is because as they said it puts out the light intensity of a 300watt halogen . It measures about 130 degrees on the top but halogens get to almost 800 degrees and have caused fires . I love the dimmable features . Love , Love this LightWalter from Michigan
 I bought this lamp as a gift for my grandmother for her diminishing eyesight , she has macular -LRB- sp -RRB- , she loves this lamp ! It is the only lamp that she can ready by ! The brightness and the daylight light that it produces really helps her to see again . I bought direct from store and had a broken bulb when we got it but they replaced it right away , other then that it has been a god-send for her .
 I shopped around for this before I purchased . Walmart , on line , and this was the best I found . I was even happier when I received the headphones for they were just like the discription .
 I recently upgraded to an intel iMac from a 12 years old 9600 -LRB- very fine tuned -RRB- with a broken heart - my Nikon Coolscan III -LRB- LS30 -RRB- does n't work with iMacs -LRB- no SCSI -RRB- or even OSX . One day , looking for a solution I found Ratoc 's FR1SX FW - Ultra SCSI adapter . As I always do , I searched the web for reviews and opinions . Most were nice ones . So I decided to buy one.It 's very Mac straightforward
 The FR1SX worked very well for me . I just plugged it into the back of my Canon FS2710 and connected the Firewire cable to my intel imac and turned the scanner on . Works great with Vuescan software , no problems .
 I wanted this converter to allow use of my old A3 Epson GT10000 flatbed scanner with my new mac mini.Once it arrived , I plugged the FR1SX into one of the scsi 2 ports on the scanner , connected up the Firewire 800 to 400 cable , which you will need to buy seperately -LRB- Ratoc only supply a Firewire 400 to 400 cable -RRB- . I then discarded the unnecessary Ratoc power supply -LRB- bought seperately at the same time as the FR1SX -RRB- because the Epson scanner can power the Ratoc converter.When I switched on the macmini , it immediately recognised the scanner , looked for and installed software and the scanner produced a perfect A3 scan of a drawing very quickly.Despite a couple of hiccups over cable and power supply , I am very pleased with this product which has given my old high quality scanner a new lease of life and saved lots of bucks for a new , equivelant quality scanner.It ` s a shame Ratoc have ceased making this very useful product.Ratoc Systems FR1SX FireWire to Ultra SCSI Converter -LRB- IEEE1394 -RRB-
 Product is designed to be plugged into a SCSI port in an older computer to use with a newer firewire device . But I use the product in reverse
 The Ratoc FR1SX Firewire to Ultra SCSI converter works straight out of the box with my old Nikon Coolscan film scanner.I am using Mac OS X and Vuescan , -LRB- Hamrick -RRB- scanner software .
 I bought the Ratoc Firewire/SCSI Converter to use with 2 different scanners -LRB- one at a time - no SCSI daisychain -RRB- both of which had SCSI one connectors via an adaptor . They were an Agfa T1200 flatbed and a Nikon LS-1000 slide scanner . Both worked immediately on my Mac G5 system running OS X 10.4.10 . No Ratoc drivers needed although I was using VueScan to communicate with them . It is important to adopt SCSI rules , ie switch on scanners and let them get to standby mode before connecting or booting the computer.The answer to a maiden 's prayer , it does what it says on the tin .
 I authored a six disc DVD set on a Mac Pro with OS X using DVD Studio Pro . I used the FR1SX converter to transfer my files to DLT IV tapes on a Quantum DLT7000 machine . The converter worked immediately after I hooked it up with no problems whatsoever and the replicated DVDs that were made from the DLTs had no issues.The only problem I ran into was trying to locate a cable or adapter that would allow me to hook everything up . Make sure you find out exactly what cable or adapter you need and place an order for one if you purchase one of these converters .
 worked on three scsi scanners -LRB- epson perfection 1200s , polaroid sprintscan 4000 , agfa arcus II -RRB- with vuescan on a g5 running OS 10.4.1.1 . do n't forget to set scsi device number on scanner .
 While in terms of plug and play this unit worked beautifully , the choice to use 50 pin male SCSI for a connector was not good . I suspect it was made for older printers that use this particular connector . You will need a 50 pin to 68 pin ultra wide adapter and female to female 50pin to pin flipper to connect this to a hard drive . It did work very nicely and the driver were completely unnecessary . Upon boot in both Mac OS 9 and OS X 10.4.X and above it mounted drives immediately and very easy to use . Drives without proper termination power will not work without the power adapter for FR1SX and that power adapter pin size is NOT standard and can only be bought from Ratoc at a whopping $ 35 + shipping.Honestly it should come with the adapter as part of the package at $ 112 , not sold separately . Lame is the only word to describe that situation .
 I am using this to connect a Macbook Pro to a Nikon LS-2000 scanner , firewire port to SCSI . It works perfectly . Make sure to set the LS-2000 scanner to SCSI 0 -LRB- zero -RRB- because the Ratoc is automatically set for 7 with a Mac . More info about connecting at fixya.com
 Got an old 1GB Jazz drive to work on my MacBook Pro with OS 10.5.7 . YOU MUST read ALL documentation though , AND go to their website and read some more . Pretty much you have to run their software first , reboot , then ` disable ' their utility program . Very odd . Did n't need a HD 50 pin terminator for the Jazz drive cause it 's built in the drive . Seemed to work , good luck !
 This is a very cool little slip case that fits my Zire 31 perfectly . Just slip it in and snap the strap closed -LRB- magnetic -RRB- and you 're good to go . Good for people that want to protect their palm while in your pocket or purse because it 's not bulky like most cases . The only thing missing is credit card slots , etc. but it works just fine for me . I have a small purse and have no problem carrying it and all of my normal stuff . A great product !!
 Love my case . The Zire 31 fits snugly inside the case and the magnetic clip insures that it does not come out of the case . It also protects the palm from those of us who spill things , and it cleans up well!I have gotten more than a few comments -LRB- and a few compliments -RRB- on the case . It makes for a nice ice breaker for meetings etc.If you want something a little more fun than the plain black cover fun this is the case for you .
 I had the hardest time finding a standing album that was inexpensive , and this is absolutely perfect . I have gotten so many compliments on it . I will definitely purchase more in the future when I have more pictures to display ! It 's the next best thing to a digital frame !!
 using a computer I was not using that offten I upgraded the memory , installed 2.2 terabyte harddrive 3 video card extention -LRB- NVD4VIEXT -RRB- and 1 audio card extention -LRB- NVD4AUEXT -RRB- with the I/O box -LRB- NVDACCBOX -RRB- and now have a 16 camera 2way comunications security system for under $ 4,000 .
 This charger does charge very fast either a standard or high capacity Panasonic and generic brand batteries . I have 2 standard , 2 extra capacity generics and the original battery that came with the PVGS-12 camera and charges all without no problems in about 1 hour.The included car adapter is perfect for when you take the camera on the road.I 've bought 2 of this units now 'cause I have many batteries and remember that when it comes to video/photography , you ca n't have too many batteries , always be prepared with a charged battery .
 These replacement batteries , ENEL1 equivalent , are selling at a much lower price than the brand name ones and work just as well for me . I photograph vintage jewelry and can get about 90 - 125 huge pictures on one charge . Hard to beat that and the price as well.Great buy
 A set of two of these Power 2000 batteries came with my Canon EOS camera 5 years ago . They finally gave out slowly over the last 6 months . Your camera will act sluggish and the charge will go from showing full to almost empty in less than an hour.These are affordable and reliable . I 'm happy to have two new ones as replacements and expect the same good performance .
 I shot several hundred pictures at a wedding with a battery grip and 2 of these batteries and did not have a single problem with power .
 IT DELIVERS EVERYTHING YOU EXPECT FROM A $ 99.99 DIGITAL CAMERA . IT TAKES EXCELLENT PICTURES OUTSIDE IN THE SUNLIGHT BUT NOT SO GOOD INSIDE . THE FLASH IS VERY POWERFUL AND COMPENSATES A LITTLE FOR INDOOR PICTURES . IT DRAINS BATTERIES QUICKLY THOUGH.IF YOU DO NOT TAKE PICTURES OFTEN AND WHEN YOU DO THEY ARE MAINLY OUTSIDE THEN THIS CAMERA IS GOOD FOR YOU . OTHERWISE LOOK SOMEWHERE ELSE . YOU GET WHAT YOU PAY FOR .
 I 've got a Jornada 548 and a Handspring Visor and recently got the Palm m505 . It is by far the best handheld computer I 've used . The color screen is not quite bright enough indoors unless the backlight is turned on . Outside the screen is much better than the handspring . The color screen is not needed unless you 've got color images you need to store.The Palm 4.0 OS is a slight improvement over the other Palm OS versions . It is a well designed product , compact and functional .
 I 've had the m505 for a little while now and I have to say it is a very solidly built product , and the size is great . Everyone complains about the screen , and I have to say it is n't breathtaking , but it is very useable . I 've had no problems using it in different lighting conditions , and battery life has been great , even with extensive use of the sidelight . Overall , a solid machine for the money -LRB- considering the Vx was $ 400 not too long ago -RRB- , especially with the included software .
 I was first given a Palm in 2000 . I continue to have and currently use a PalmOne m505 Handheld , even though there are many more technologically advanced products that could take its place . I decided I needed to purchase a second one in case the current one `` wears out . '' I was pleased to find an almost new one at Amazon.com in original packaging at a reasonable price . I have had some difficulties HotSyncing it with my computer , but overall , I have found it to be a good choice.PalmOne m505 Color Handheld
 I find the PalmOne m505 to be a convenient PDA.This handheld is great for storing phone numbers and appointments.In addition , you can use document reader software that allows you tolook at powerpoint , excel and word files . Documents to go is usually included in the software disk that comes with your PDA.These have a color display and are backlit for low/no light condition usage.You can use standard sd cards to expand memory to hold files but not applications .
 I have been using a Handspring Visor for many years now -LRB- at least 2 -RRB- and have had little use for it due to the lack of memory . -LRB- Only 2MB -RRB- I should have upgraded sooner . However , the Palm m505 just feels more finished.The Handspring felt more like a toy , and the batteries never lasted long enough . With this device , the batteries charge on the cradle , and the weight is better , as seems to be the touch screen sensitivity . I have only had my Palm m505 for a a day and I am already in love . 8 MB of RAM -LRB- Which I WILL be expanding even further -RRB- and the fit and finish of this device just called to me . I will be using it more , I can tell already -LRB- Grafiti just works ! , It recognizes more of my symbols -RRB- . Anyway , so far I would definitley recommend this Palm device for anyone looking to do serious notetaking and work on the machine .
 I 've had the Palm m505 for about 6 months now and I 've found it a truly indespensible tool for coping with multiple calendars , many addresses , to-do 's etc. . The main complaint from reviewers regarding the color screen is true , but the fact is Palm was right ! The lighter screen really does n't detract from the usability of the product and the enhanced battery life is really welcome . THe other difference that is often not mentioned is the size . The whole 500 family is smaller but no less functional . It makes a big difference when you 're toting it around all day.Overall I highly recommned it .
 The best Palm PDA out in the market !! I been using this palm m505 for a month now and its great , I use it to organize my busy life . Good battery life and color is great outdoors!First of all , This is a palm organizer its not a Pocket PC , The main propose is to help organize yourself not to browse internet - if I wanted to browse the internet , I would do it on a desktop -LSB- ... -RSB- Also since Pocket PC uses Windows the Crash rate is much higher than the Palm OS.Secondly , people are complaining about the USB having problems , I did experience this problem at first but I was able to figure out what the problem was . The problem was 1 -RRB- This depends on your Motherboard USB - Generic board usually have problems transmitting information -LRB- if you have problems you can always go to serial connection -RRB- 2 -RRB- The Version of OS - I 'm using Windows 2000 and it 's working great !!! Lastly , People are complaining about the Screen being dark compared to other PDA 's . Palm M505 used front lighting technology where else other PDA use backlighting technology . It has the ability to view the screen in a wider variety of lighting conditions -LRB- indoors as well as in bright sunlight -RRB- . Other Color PDA such as Sony and handspring uses backlight technology where the light shines from back of the screen , so it acts like a flashlight . The advantage for this technology is it looks good indoors but once you go out in the bright sun - Ouch !! Ca n't see anything-turns pitch black . Whereas , the Palm M505 uses the front light technology so you can see the color magnificently in the bright sun.Palm used this technology because it offers the broadest range of readability and brightness in addition to maximizing battery life . -LRB- Since it 's uses the Sunlight to display color it does n't need internal light source thus it prolongs battery life -RRB- Also to mention , the battery life on M505 is really great , it last on the average of 3 weeks to 4 weeks . Try this on the Sony Clie 760-with MP3 it only last an hour SAD !!! Pocket PC also do n't last that long also . Its kind of hassle to charge your PDA every night like a Cell phone , if you 're always on the run .
 I recently bought the M505 and I love it I used to have the IIIX before . This is so much faster than the others and I have not had any bad experience with mine . The hot sync no problems ? The color yes is n't like fantastic but it is much better than looking at the green/black monochrome . If your out looking at this model and the M500 compare the speed between the 2 the color -LRB- M505 -RRB- is much faster than the M500 . I also use the fellows screen protectors and this help cut down any glare you may have and it also protects the screen . Try it you will like it . Spend the extra and buy the color or a monochrome .
 I am a loyal Palm user and I will say this , the m505 is better then the Palm V which I previously owned . The problem was I expected the improvements to be more ... spectacular . There are improvements
 If you are thinking about getting this but have read the reviews about the screen , ignore them . I read how horrible it was and seriously considered canceling my order . I am glad I did n't . Yes , in low light situations you have to turn on the backlight . But , if you ride the subway or work in an office with bright overhead lights you are fine . Or , if like me you plan on spending some -LRB- hopefully serious -RRB- time on a sunny beach this summer you will also be fine . But , if you are expecting a screen that looks like what you are looking at now , ie . at least a 15 inch color screen , you are living in a dream world . ... it is a fun addition especially if you plan on doing anything `` color oriented '' like storing pictures or even just playing games .
 I love the unit for the functions , it really helps keep my business information organized . The display was a disappointment as was stated in the review . What bothers me the most is how the unit is being marketed . The pictures of the unit show a bright white display with bright vivid colors that makes it look like it has the same quality display as a TV or computer screen . Other brands look better but I still think this is a better unit , and I prefer the Palm operating system . If I had looked at it in a store first , I may have purchased a cheaper monochrome model . I hope they improve the display in future models . Thanks to Amazon for having this forum available to help consumers !!
 Despite all of the caustic , 1-star reviews , I decided to buy a Palm m505 and try it out for myself . At first glance , the m505 is very aesthetically pleasing , similar to the Palm V series . The images are very misleading - the icons are not all bluish-purple and it is possible to see the colors even with the backlight turned off . However , as many people have said , the screen could definitely be improved with respect to contrast . In a room , the screen can be hard to see without the backlight , but that can be said for any handheld , just more so for the m505 . Out in the sunlight , the colors are easily seen and I believe that it definitely helps . I &#8217; ve compared black & white and color versions of programs , and the color is definitely more easy to look at . Rather than 16 shades of gray , which gets annoying very quickly , the Palm m505 includes thousands of colors that make even the most simple programs a lot easier to look at.One of my gripes is with the HotSync cradle . When the Palm m505 is inserted completely into the cradle , there is a gap between the bottom of the palm and the cradle . The process of removing the Palm from the cradle involves tilting the Palm towards you and pulling up , usually making a somewhat loud snapping sound . While it may be sturdy , I &#8217; m always afraid that I may have broken the cradle . Palm could &#8217; ve definitely improved on this.Now moving off the bad parts , the Palm m505 has a lot of great features . The one I like especially comes only with the m505 and not the m500 , which is the backlit silkscreen area . When the backlight is on , the silkscreen area at the bottom is also lit up , showing the four icons and a well-defined graffiti area . Both Palms come with essentially the same software . I like the fact that Palm has included Documents to Go Pro 3.0 . It has very good integration with my existing Microsoft Office . It also comes equipped with PalmReader , which is essential for anyone who reads eBooks on the go . The one thing I liked about Palms over PocketPCs was the sheer amount of software available , both to try and to purchase . The software ranges from cookbooks to slideshow software.The expansion slot was a long-since needed idea . It allows the use of MMC in order to increase memory and expandability . I use a lot of large programs like AvantGo and Vindigo and it is nice to be able to expand beyond the 8 MB limit . When you &#8217; re installing software to your Palm while it has an expansion card in it , you have the choice of installing it onto the card . When the card is plugged in , it &#8217; s basically like another folder in which you can access your programs.Overall , the Palm m505 is a nice piece of hardware . I &#8217; d have to agree with many people who say that the m505 is not the brightest looking handheld on the market . However , I would definitely not give it only 1 star because of that . When I use my handheld where I usually do , outside , it works fine . Beyond the brightness issue , the software included and available for download , the expansion slot , and the continuance of the excellent Palm V series design make the Palm m505 a very good buy .
 I love this Palm . Its sleek , fast , beautiful , feels solid and is simple to use.This is my third PDA and my second Palm . I had a Palm Pilot Professional then switched to a Compaq Aero Windows CE Palm PC with a beautiful color screen . But the batteries only lasted between 2 and 3 hours on a charge . Setup , synchronization and installing software was much more complicated than with the Palm . And it was bulky . So I decided to switch back to Palm and got the m505.After a week of use , I 'm extremely happy with my Palm . I think the screen is fantastic . I can use my Palm under any lighting conditions , which is a real plus . Of course you should be able to use a PDA anywhere , but that 's not always the case . It is with my m505 . I downloaded `` glowhack '' so that the backlight is on by default -LRB- an option the Palm folks should provide -- and make the default for shipped units -RRB- , and I only turn it off if I 'm outside in bright light.The batteries seem to last forever compared with my Compaq . My kids will play games on it for hours on end -LRB- with the backlight on -RRB- , and it 'll still have half a charge left . And then it charges up very quickly.The main functions of the Palm , the calendar , address book , to-do list and memo-pad are very simple and quick to use even if you need to do something a little odd like add an appointment for every third Tuesday of the month . That 's another reason I came back to Palm.The extra software included is very useful and cool . You can put Microsoft Office documents , video clips and pictures very easily on your Palm . You can even run a slide-show showing off your pictures . I did n't use to carry pictures of my kids , but now I do.The only downside is the stylus is a little too hard to get out of its slot . I 'm told that it 'll `` loosen up '' over time , so I hope it does . But it seems like a manufacturing flaw to me . I expect later units will be better in this regard.Overall , I love this Palm . With its combination of size , speed , style , great battery life with quick charge , use-anywhere screen and Palm simplicity , the m505 is a real winner .
 The biggest issue around the M505 has to be the screen . While the color intensity/brightness is no match for the Clie -LRB- for Palm platform -RRB- or the Casio E-125 -LRB- PocketPC platform -RRB- it is still the best form factor for use in a work environment where portability and minimal size is key . While the color screen is far from vivid , it is respectable . Palm has posted an application modification that will allow you to leave the backlight on whenever the unit is powered up . Even with the light on , the unit only needs charging every 3-4 days with moderate daily use . The M505 provides an acceptable color screen for 90 % of the applications . The shortfall is if you opt to use the M505 for pictures or intense gaming . There it falls short and you should look to the Sony or a PocketPC . For daily use as a PDA -LRB- datebook , contact list , etc. -RRB- it 's a great choice .
 After trying several early Windows CE HPCs as organizers , I tried a Palm Vx . Everything about the machine satisfied me , particularly the rapid access to my most important information and the tiny form factor . The only complaint I had -- the lack of a keyboard for touch typing -- was neatly addressed with the addition of the Palm Portable keyboard . I replaced the built-in ToDo list with LifeBalance , and WordSmith software rounded the unit out with excellent MS Word compatible word processing . This was an excellent system ; ironically , even for word processing it easily beat out an HPC with Pocket Word.The m505 took a device which had won me over at all levels and added an SD/MMC expansion slot , a faster processor , USB synchronization and a color display.A single 32Meg SanDisk MMC card , which I chose because it was cheaper than its SD counterpart , not only holds the dozen or so eBooks I 've purchased , but also serves as a complete memory backup with BackupBuddyVFS . Each night while I sleep BackupBuddyVFS activates and backs the entire device up to the MMC card.The faster processor and the color display were bonuses to me . Despite the attention given to the display , the expansion capability and the USB HotSync -LRB- which * flies * with Windows 2000 -RRB- are the features that compelled me to upgrade . I 've seen complaints that the display was n't as bright as this-or-that handheld , but frankly I do n't see the problem . The display has better contrast than the Vx it replaced and is far easier on the eyes when backlit at night -LRB- and the Grafitti area lights up as well ! -RRB- . Though the backlight is required at times the Vx did n't need it , the display remains readable in any lighting conditions . A color display that does n't jeopardize the battery life , and costs only $ 50 more than the monochrome m500 ... what 's not to love?If bright , saturated colors are the main reason you 're buying a handheld , then perhaps Sony 's PEG-710C is worth looking at . I have n't seen one of these myself , but I 've heard it has a very nice display , with 320x320 resolution as compared to the m505 's 160x160 . While a bit thicker than the m505 , it offers many of the same features and runs Palm software . It also adds MP3 playback capability.Why not choose a Pocket PC ? Shorter battery life , awkward user interface , less stable operating system that needs frequent resets , wo n't run the huge variety of Palm software available , bigger and heavier ... suffice to say I have my reasons . Pocket PCs do offer better multimedia , but how many people really find watching a Star Wars video clip useful in daily business ? These units have their uses , they just do n't happen to suit my needs.The Vx was an excellent PDA . Incredibly , the m505 is even better .
 The new Palm m505 is awesome . What you get is basicly the same Palm Vx with color . THe only difference between them , as far as dimensions , is that the new 505 weights .9 oz . more.The Plus
 I purchased my m505 to replace a Handspring Visor Deluxe.What I like : * I love the size/shape - ergonomics in general . When I first saw the m505 I was a little disappointed that Palm did n't do something to differentiate it in appearance from the V/Vx . But after only a few days with my m505 , I discovered that Palm pretty much reached perfection with the V/Vx design . If you want a small/sleek PDA -LRB- which I do -RRB- , this is the one to get . * It 's expandable with MultiMediaCards and Secure Digital cards . These cards -LRB- well , not the SD cards yet ! -RRB- are readily available and they 're fairly cheep - plus they 're very small . I considered the Handspring Edge but in my opinion , their expansion approach is terrible - you need that huge plug-in module hanging off the back before you can use the expansion cards . This destroys the ergonomics of the unit . I mainly want expansion to add memory , the approach the m505 -LRB- and m500 -RRB- takes is much better because it gives you all the memory you -LSB- probably -RSB- want while maintaining the size/shape of the unit . * The new processor seems to be pretty speedy . While I have n't performed any actual benchmark tests , I did put my Visor Deluxe and my m505 side-by-side and tapped the same application at the same time . I tried this with several applications -LRB- form Datebook , to Vindigo , to a Acrobat file -RRB- - the m505 was the clear winner . However , be advised that several PDAs use the same processor as the m505 , so choose wisely . * The battery life seems to be pretty good - even with the backlight on all the time.What I do n't like : * Like many people , I 'm disappointed with the screen - it is rather dim . The backlight improves it to acceptable . The Handspring Prism clearly has a superior screen - but you pay for it in terms of size . Since I use the backlight almost all of the time , it would be nice if the unit would default to using the light whenever it 's turned on -LRB- without having to hold the power button for a second or two or doing the swipe on the screen -RRB- . * Memory management for data stored on MultiMediaCards . Applications will not run directly from the expansion card . That is , if you run an application on the card it will first copy itself to the system memory and run from there . This clearly has limitation both in terms of size of applications and your usage of the system memory . It also seems like some applications ca n't be transferred to the card -LRB- e.g. , Vindigo -RRB- . But on the positive note , you can store read-only databases on the card -LRB- and access them directly from the card -RRB- . Of course you 'll need software to accomplish this -LRB- I use MSMount -RRB- . * The price is a little high for the improvements over the Vx.Why I bought the m505 instead of something else : Before purchasing my m505 I also considered
 With the release of the model 515 Palm solves the problem of the poor brightness of the 505 . I compared the two side by side , and the 515 is noticeably brighter than the 505 . I also compared it to the Sony Peg615CS , and at maximum brightness they look exactly the same . I also compared both of them to my Palm IIIC , but although the 515 is a big improvement over the 505 , and the Sony also is equally good , the IIIC is still the clear winner in the brighness contest . However , the Sony and the Palm have 64K colors , and the IIIC only has 256 . However , both the Palm and the Sony have partially back-reflective screens , which allows them to be seen outside , where the IIIC would wash out . This is why the screens have a slightly milky appearance , which , while not annoying , is noticeable.I 've also compared the IIIC to the Handspring Prizm , and the Prizm looks to be as bright as the IIIC.I 've been using PDAs for several years now , having had a Vx , IIIC , Handspring Visor , and a Compaq iPAQ , so for the rest of my review I thought I 'd make a few comments , not necessarily aimed at any particular Palm model -LRB- or clone -RRB- so much as why you should get one , and why any Palm is better than none at all.Since getting my Palm , I 've never been so organized . It 's not only the convenience of having everything in one place -- that 's a great advantage , to be sure , but that 's no different from a binder or notebook-type organizer.Where the Palm devices really make a difference is in the search capability . I used to own a big , fat Franklin binder-type organizer , and everything was in there , all right -- the problem was finding it . If I 'd made a note on a meeting a month ago that I needed to find , well , good luck finding it.But with the Palm , it 's a piece of cake . You just do a search on a couple of keywords and you can always pull it up . And there are drop-in search utilities , such as FindHack , which I purchased for a few dollars , that are even more powerful , and add such capabilities as wildcard searches . The extra power and convenience this adds over the traditional organizer ca n't be overestimated.Also , once I had all the info in my Palm , my brain seemed to rest easier too , since my aging memory did n't have to track all of this stuff anymore.Next to my car , perhaps , my Palm is the most useful device I have ever owned . Try one and you 'll see they are n't just toys , they are great timesavers and powerful tools that will make it so much easier to track all those details , big and little , of your personal and work life . Next to the invention of paper and pencil , the Palm platform and it 's clones are the most powerful organizational tool probably ever invented .
 I got this awesome palm piolot with a keyboard and it is great ! I bought games and put a cool `` Documents to Go '' program on it . I write stories a lot so I can use it for that , and I can also write school things on it if I 'm in the car and my handwriting wo n't be sloppy ! This is very cool . I am 121/2 and this is one of the best palms I have ever used . You should buy it !
 A few have complained that the color on this model Palm is dim . I can tell you that mine is not dim at all . In fact , I was pleasantly surprised at how bright it is both with the backlight off and with it on ! Mine was made in the USA , and I understand that some may be made in another country . Perhaps the ones not made in the USA are dimmer ? Or perhaps only the first run older ones had that problem and it has since been fixed . These are just guesses since mine is absolutely not dim at all!I have owned several Palms previously ; III , IIIx , IIIxe , and V . The m505 is by far my favorite Palm so far!The color screen is wonderful . It makes the unit much more user friendly and easier to read overall . It 's quite easy to read with the backlight off under normal lighting conditions such as under a desk lamp or in a meeting room , etc. . When the need arises , you can turn on the backlight -LRB- such as in a very dark room like in bed at night or when you just want the screen to look really bright -RRB- . Under both circumstances , the screen looks wonderful and is quite readable . The color makes it more fun to use and I 've downloaded some shareware games to play for the true arcade experience , in a palm size!The m505 is blazing fast ! It 's noticeably faster than any of my previous Palms ! It also comes with the latest Palm OS 4.0 verison . It 's also very quiet . I was expecting the color screen to buzz but I can hardly hear anything at all with the backlight on and off!I would recommend this model because it 's one of the smallest Palms available -LRB- which means you will conveniently carry it with you everywhere -RRB- and it 's got color , which is a great asset since most software applications nowadays are optimized for color . I do not miss my greyscale non color Palms at all!If you are concerned that the screen might be a bit dim like other reviewers have reported , I suggest either buying locally so you can see the actual unit you are getting , or purchasing from a vendor that will let you return it.All I need now is a wireless modem setup and I 'll be doing full color web-browsing and emailing from my Palm ! You got ta love it !
 I have had a palm pilot in my life for about three years and I just love the improvements that the M505 has to offer over my older Vx . The ability to increase memory and store word and excel docs on a memory card makes managing a full time career and household easy ! I have to admit that the screen is a bit dim in certain lighting situations , but at the time of my purchase the M515 was not available -LRB- which can adjust the brightness -RRB- . If brightness is a concern go with the M515 , if not save a few bucks and get the M505 !
 I love my palm V , but ran out of memory . I am a physician and use the Epocrates and Qid programs which exceed the 2MB available on the PalmV . The m505 works just as well as the V with a few improvements
 OK , the color screen on the m505 is not the brightest in the world , but hopefully it can be adjusted with the addition of an OS patch . Overall , I 'm very happy with the m505 , and here 's why :1 . The size . Do you know any other color Palms that are this small ? The IIIc and Visor prism are BULKY . I 'll sacrifice a little screen brightness to avoid the aforementioned mammoths .2 . The expansion slot . No , it 's not a totally perfect solution , but neither is the Springboard or the CF slot on the TRG Pro or Handera . There are certain limitations to what you can put on the card , but overall it 's a helpful thing to clear up some RAM on my Palm . I use the Handheldmed reader for my medical texts , and it works fine with the reader in RAM and the books on the card . And again , the units with a CF slot or a springboard are so much bigger than the M505 ! 3 . Speed . It feels much faster than any of the Palm PDAs I 've used , both in data lookup and HotSyncing.It 's not a perfect product , but if you 're looking for the compactness of the Palm Vx with a color display and expandability , you 'll be happy . Do take a look at the screen , though , to make sure it works for you .
 I like this better than Clie -LRB- which my husband have right now -RRB- . Well I got a Palm Vx as a gift and when my husband told and showed me the M505 , I instantly fell in love with it and exhange my Vx to M505 . Compared to Clie , I like the M505 Screen especially when you use the Stylus pen -LRB- it 's soo smooth -RRB- unlike in Clie , though it 's good they put screen protection , It 's hard and felt sandy when u write on Clie . The only negative feature M505 have is the dead colors . . they should 've chosen brighter colors like the Clie . . but other than that . . I do n't care if I do n't have an MP3 player or a jog dial feature ... I still love this one and wont let go until something new come up . .
 Of course the color is n't as brilliant as you would hope , but when you compare the m500 & the m505 side by side , the extra money makes it worth it . In bright light or with the backlight on , the colors stand out nicely . The m505 is well built and the 8mb of memory is enough to load anything you want . If you 've been thinking about buying a PDA , I 'd highly recommend this one
 About the only thing I do n't like about the m505 is the the dim backlight . It 's fast , small and powerful . I have really enjoyed having it .
 Guys ; do n't let yourselves be fooled by all the comments regarding the poor screen quality . I just got mine and it 's here to stay ! Believe me it 's worth every penny .
 I 've used Palm computers for many years now and after getting the M505 and using it for about 2 weeks I feel it 's the best one so far -LRB- for me -RRB- . From reading various reviews it is very obvious that picking a Palm -LRB- or any PDA -RRB- is a matter of personal preference . Some , like me , will love the M505 screen , others will not . The number one factor for me is the size of the PDA . I carry this in my shirt pocket for that rules out all machines except the Vx , M500 or M505 . The Visor Edge is thin but taller than the Palm machines . In my opinion the color on the M505 is great . I had a Visor but it was just too large to carry around . And if you ca n't carry it , you wo n't use it . Buy one from a store with a return policy and see if you like it . If not take it back ... nothing to lose . I love my M505 .
 I have been a proud owner of Palm line of PDA 's for over 7 years . Palm 505 is a super upgrade compare to anything else I 've had . Is the screen a little dim ?? yes . But I can see my Kid 's picture in color . I am not a gadget maniac , but while my brother uses his IPAQ for a few hours with every change of batteries I use mine weeks . That 's very important to me . This screen technology is so advance , that besides given you color capabilities , it provides you with days of operation , no hours . It does not play MP3 , so what is not an MP3 player that isbecause is an organizer , for real people . Do You want an MP3 player ?? Buy a real one . Is expandable and upgradeable . What else ?? tons of application . The defense rests .
 This is my second Palm . I had the PalmIII XE before I purchased the PalmM505 . I wanted the updated operating system , but I chose the M505 because I thought the screen would be easier to see than the monochrome screen , since the color screens appeared cleared . Yet for all the price , the screen on the M505 is not clear , even with the `` front light '' on . It is not as clear as the Palm IIIC . Palm is aware of this problem , yet they continue to advertise that it has `` brilliant color '' . Everything else about the M505 is great , but if you do n't want to be disapointed in the screen , buy the monochrome or black and white one -LRB- M500 -RRB- .
 I like this model , the colors , the alarm clock , Palm OS 4 , ... . I had had a V & IIIc , my son has a palm 100 , so , if you want to have the best pda , buy a M505 . But remember , people that use a PALM must learn to write again . By the way , I hate Pocket PC PDAs .
 I received my 505 a few days ago , and I am very happy with it . I have had a III , V , and Vx in the past . This palm is the best so far . Many people talk about the screen being too dim . I did n't find this to be the case . In low light you just turn on the back-lighting . The back-lighting is much improved over the V series ; which inverts the screen and makes the Palm V unreadable in the `` twilight '' environments -LRB- low lighting but not dark -RRB- . If you want a brilliant bright display , buy a low battery life device , like a Windows CE PDA or laptop . I am looking forward to the new generation of accessories . Enjoy !!!
 I have had my Palm m505 for only a few weeks , however I am very pleased with it 's functions . The pc software is very well designed . I now have a central location for all my addresses , telephone numbers and other information . The HotSync operation works quickly . The Documents to Go software is extremely useful as I am able to edit letters , spreadsheets and other documents while on the go . I can easily use my handheld on a plane as it does n't take up all the room on my tray . I am planning to purchase the portable keyboard to make my handheld even more useful . The m505 is like having a laptop in my pocket . I give this product five stars for ease of use and functionality .
 I got my Palm as a cheaper , temporary alternative to a new laptop . As a married-with-children student on a tight budget , I needed something to keep me from going through computer withdrawal while I was overseas for a month . I managed to keep up with my finances using PocketQuicken , work on several class projects using Documents to Go , and are now keeping track of my diet and exercise using Diet Assistant . Waiting at the doctor 's office ? No problem , I catch up on my reading with the Palm Reader . I keep all my shopping lists , etc. on my Palm . It has been the best time management investment I made . As far as that laptop ? Not needed !
 Easy to use and lots of options that are user friendly . I am a first time Palm user and it did n't take long to be up and running .
 I 'll be the first to admit that , with the backlight turned off , this display is DARK . Actually , I 'll be the second to admit it , because Palm already has . As such , they provide for free download a utility that makes it so that the backlight stays on all the time -- even after the unit has been powered off then on again.This is how they 've admitted a problem , but the fix does work . I leave my backlight on all the time , and just love using the m505 . Do n't let these negative reviews get in the way -- just install the backlight utility from the Palm website and enjoy using the best PDA on the market !
 I have recently been looking for the perfect PDA . I 've tried the Visor Platinum , Visor Edge , Jornada 548 , and the Sony Clie PEG-300 . This unit seems to me to be faster than them all . I noticed a small lag when switching applications with the other units , but do n't notice any using the m505.The screen is excellent in my opinion . I can easily read it in any lighting conditions with judicious use of the backlight . The other units had useless backlights or were impossible to view in daylight . Another huge bonus with this unit is that the backlight illuminates the Graffiti area . I do n't recall any of the other Palm OS units that I tried have this feature.The new notepad application that the unit comes with is a value added application . Adding the capability to draw and add notes anywhere on the screen is extremely convenient.And finally the unit comes with software in the box to work with Excel and Word documents , I would have had to purchase this software additionally with the other Palm OS units.I 'm extremely picky about the equipment I buy , and in my humble opinion this is the best unit that you can buy !
 I was scared to buy the Palm m505 because I read all the reviews on how the color screen was too dim , there was no contrast , and people had to consistently use the backlight . But I found that the unit 's color deficiency is not really that important . Compared to the V unit that I owned previously to this one , I found that both the units display about the same intensity of light -LRB- although Palm V had contrast included -RRB- . Under normal lighting conditions -LRB- i.e. in my office -RRB- , I can see perfectly fine on my unit and the color is discernable . I found that people who are really into getting bright colors should check out something like the new but bulkier Sony Clie products . As for me , the Palm 's sleekness , its size and functionality are unbeaten especially for the V , Vx , m500 and m505 series of Palms.The only complaint that I can really offer and the reason I ca n't give this product 5 stars is the same as I 've seen from other users in that Palm really messed up in not making its m500 series backward compatible in terms of cases and accessories . What irritated me more than the color screen was the fact that I ca n't use any of my old Palm V accessories with this Palm . I have to purchase a new case and keyboard specifically designed for the m500 series -LRB- when I know that most users assumed the m500 series was an extension of the V , Vx series of Palms -RRB- . Because this is the first time Palm has done anything to upset me with their product , I decided to stay becuase the organizer is such a good product . But if Palm decided to do this gimmick again on their next series of Palms , I would seriously consider switching over to another PDA or Pocket PC device .
 I bought this Palm to replace my Palm IIIc which I dropped on the floor.OK , I felt a bit of disappointment at the color display , and was even more enraged when a month later the m515 came out . Man , 16MB for the same price ? And a better screen?Why do I give this 5 stars , even though I 'm complaining?Because this little thing is my whole life . The screen is always readable wherever I am , no matter what type of light is around . I find it fast and reliable , and since I got my 16MB expansion card , I always have room for more stuff . Also , my USB cradle makes sync ` ing fast and swift.I am a heavy user of Palm . I take my meeting notes in it -LRB- I am quite a quick Graffiti writer -RRB- , I have about 6 databases in there , games for every mood on the expansion card . I take it for shopping -LRB- HandyShopper is great -RRB- , I manage my motorcycle club contacts and calendar in it and I even go as far as having my cookbook fully downloaded into it . The screen light may be a drawback , but I also found that my battery stays alive so much longer than with my Palm IIIc that the trade-off is a fair bargain.I love the fact that it 's so slim and light . A friend of mine switched her old Palm III for a Compaq iPaq , and after playing with my m505 for some 20 minutes , she 's switching back to Palm . Of course , now she 's getting a m515 , but it was my m505 that convinced her.Regrets ? None whatsoever .
 The Palm M505 is a neat little PDA . It 's features are perfect for students to business people . There are many positive elements to this little Palm.The Palm M505 is the perfect companion for a student . It 's small size and low price makes it perfect for somebody on the run and someone in need of a durable , compact Palm Pilot . In it 's life , my Palm has been dropped numerous times , gotten soaked in water , and gotten thrown into the bottom of a backpack countless times . Again , it is perfect for anyone in need of durable database .
 I 've waited to post my review until I had had my m505 a few weeks . First off , I 'm stymied by the reviewer who insist on a `` new '' broken cradle vs. a `` fixed '' one . I 've not had the cradle problem mentioned . The m505 without the backlight is dark but it 's usually just a matter of twisting it in your Palm a little to find the light , or just turn on the backlight.I 've noticed the m505 seems to run much faster than other Dragonball 33Mhz Palms I 've had . I also have really grown to like the color over black and white.Also the Palm shape seems to just fit in your hand better than some of the others . If you are looking to get a Palm and want the top of the line Palm , this makes a great choice . Do n't take my word for it , you can look at one just about anywhere .
 The combination of Palm V styling AND color is so comfortable and welcoming.I 've been through the Palm III , V , Handspring Visor , and I had the latest Sony PEG N760-C . The Palm m505 is definitely less clear , less colors and less bells ansd whistles than the Sony color PDAs . But its the good ol' palm V you know and love . Sony fell short of that for me when their PDA randomly and without warning or abuse just DIED on me , and I am still waiting for their return authorized box.The Palm m505 is the perfect combination of form and function.Once you go color , when you next see a monochrome palm again , you will be suprised at how lacking monochrome is . Also , the Palm M505 hotsyncs like USB lightning , and has a unique back-lit silkscreen , which pemits writing graffitti easily in 0 Lux . So give away your monchrome palm to someone with good eyes .
 I have been an avid Palm Pilot user since the Palm Pilot Personal came out several years ago . Like many users , I never gave up my old Palm Pilot Personal . I even purchased a replacement housing after so many accidental drops to the ground . I would have not retired the old Palm Pilot until recently , when I received a Palm m505 as a gift from my wife.It only took me a few minutes to load the new software on my desktop computer , attached the HotSync cradle on one of my USB ports , docked the new unit , and completed the HotSync process which loaded every information including password protected items into the new unit . It was a no-brainer ! The display is great and gets even better when needing to turn on the backlight which provides an awesome contrast.I do n't have to carry a thick wallet filled with pictures of my loved ones anymore . I download their pictures using the MGI 's software -LRB- included in the box -RRB- and I can stare at them and even run a slide show for anyone who wants to see pictures of my family . Great resolution by the way.Battery drain you might ask ? no problem I take down notes with the backlight on and I still have plenty of power to use and besides if you think it starts going low beyond the hi mark of the battery symbol , just dock it on to the HotSync cradle and it gets charged in minutes.I have done my own research on the latest PDA 's and by far the Palm m505 is the best one out there.I will give you more info on this new Palm unit later to cover other features such as the expansion card and others.Enjoy this one !!! - Tom L.
 I got my m505 in December '01 and have used it for a year now . I upgraded from a Palm IIIc and synching with my old data was a no brainer . I 've had virtually no problems for the past year , and could n't live without it for business as well as personal use -LRB- Date Book , Memos and Contacts are my primary uses , I 'm not a game ... -RRB- . Only problem I 've had -LRB- I 've noticed this in some other reviews -RRB- has been that of the power button protruding enough to be pressed when stored in your brief case , thus running the battery down . It 's happened to me once in the past year , although I had a portable charger with me . When I recharged it my data was still there ! -LRB- Not sure if this is guaranteed and it WOULD N'T have been the case with my IIIc . -RRB- Overall , I 'm VERY satisfied .
 As a former Palm IIIe user , I must say that receiving this Palm as a graduation gift was a pleasure . First , the machine is very fast and small ... and the wallet case -LRB- highly recommended -RRB- allowed me to reduce the number of things in my pocket . I like the stylus , which is thicker than its predecessor , thus fitting my hands . My only complaints are with the screen , it is excellent in sunlight and in brightly lit indoor areas . When no longer in a brightly light area , it still is visible , but it is more convenient to turn on the backlight . This , however drains the battery , reducing the useable life of the machine to perhaps a day and a half without charging . Now this would n't be a problem if the machine rested in its cradle overnight -LRB- as it usually does for me -RRB- , but when I travel for one-two weeks , I find it a severe blow -- especially since Palm has not released the portable charger and wo n't until September ! But on the whole , this is a wonderful machine that is great for organizing your life .
 The m505 is a replacement for my Vx which had about 750 k of memory left . I have been a Palm user since the first Palm Pilot came out and would n't be without one . My life is in it and I would be lost without it . I could never go back to paper and pencil . I was hesitant to buy the m505 as many comments I read about it complained about the screen . While not vivid color , it does have color and I find it much easier to view -LRB- particularly in doarkened conditions -RRB- than my Vx . I particularly like the agenda view on the handheld itself which shows both to-do and calendar items at the same time . The PC display can be viewed in a number of color schemes which is nice , and it has pop up reminders which I find extremely helpful . The hand held has a three mode alarm system so that it will make a sound , vibrate or the on-off button will blink . The biggest disappointment to me was that you ca n't run many of the programs off the expansion card . So some of what I wanted a model with an expansion card for was not available . All in all I find the m505 to be a good choice . I hope somehow some of the large programs can be moved to expansion cards in the near future .
 When the palms came out a few years ago , I was the first in line ! It seems that the company is constantly updating and improving technology.Their latest is the Palm m505 , which I purchased this summer . This is the first palm with a color screen . Although it is not as bright as I would have thought , it is still visually pleasing.Connections to Macs have been improved so you no longer need all of the extra stuff just to hook up . This alone was a major plus for me . Also appreciated the handwriting notepad which allows you to scribble notes , make lists , draw , etc. without having to use that alphabet that the others require.So many new features exist ! More memory , all sorts of tiny cards you can purchase to expand your options -LRB- I am a big fan of the games card -RRB- , etc. etc. I am still in the process of learning all of the goodies!One complaint though . Palm has yet to come out with covers , holders , and other accessories that it has for the other models . Basically , leather cases are out .
 When the palms came out a few years ago , I was the first in line ! It seems that the company is constantly updating and improving technology.Their latest is the Palm m505 , which I purchased this summer . This is the first palm with a color screen . Although it is not as bright as I would have thought , it is still visually pleasing.Connections to Macs have been improved so you no longer need all of the extra stuff just to hook up . This alone was a major plus for me . Also appreciated the handwriting notepad which allows you to scribble notes , make lists , draw , etc. without having to use that alphabet that the others require.So many new features exist ! More memory , all sorts of tiny cards you can purchase to expand your options -LRB- I am a big fan of the games card -RRB- , etc. etc. I am still in the process of learning all of the goodies!One complaint though . Palm has yet to come out with covers , holders , and other accessories that it has for the other models . Basically , leather cases are out .
 This is one of the many PDA 's I have used . Last one was a Handsping Visor Prism . I can really compare it to the 505:1 . Handspring has no bugs . Never crashed , never got a problem with hotsync -LRB- and I have a lot to synchronize each time -RRB- . However , there is a fix from Palm -LRB- at their support web site -RRB- to fix USB hotsync problems -LRB- when accessing oustide databases such as Avantgo -RRB- .2 . Handspring has a better screen . No doubt about it . You must use the backlit all the time on the 505 . Again , there is file that you can download that keeps the backlit on all the time . I recommend using it , even if it may drains the battery faster . But I have seen very negative comments about the 505 screen , come on it is much better than the V ! And you do n't use a PDA to watch photos or videos , this is ridiculous ! 3 . Palm is light and smaller . It fits into your shirt pocket , the Handspring does not even fit in any pocket ! 4 . Included software . There all a lot of included software with the Palm which are really good . Such as Document to go which helps me visualize Word and Excel documents on my Palm . The software alone prices at ... , it is free with the Palm .5 . Expansion . Yes , there are not so many expansion card at this time , but they are really using a much better technology than the Handspring , and they are much smaller .6 . OS . Much faster , by far , than the Handspring . Hotsyncs ? may be 5 times faster ! 7 . Price . Yes , it is a little bit more expensive than the Prism , but with all included software , this is a better deal.Overall , go for it , Palm has demonstrated in the past that they can really deliver and market good products .
 I 've had various Palms since my first 1000 and would not be without one . Palm have always produced solid products . They annoy you a bit changing connectors and making you buy new peripherals and I 'm sure there must be some logic behind altering the diameter of one of the pen holders and making the other one shorter - but that 's life . Although OS 4 might still not set the world on fire it 's a good system , you know what they say - `` if it aint broke do n't fix it . `` I purchased a Palm M505 and a 32Mb SD card and would heartily recommend the machine to anyone who is in the market for a new PDA or an upgrade . Do n't be too influenced by the anoraks and sad people who berate the screen unmercifully . It might not be the brightest on the market but the 16 bit colour is really good.Setup and transferring data from my old machine was a breeze and the new native USB connection is very fast . Pictures downloaded from SplashPhoto , providing you use good quality images and take a little care over adjusting contrast and brightness , are very pleasing and have received excellent feedback from colleagues and friends who have seen them . It 's really nice to have digital images of your family with you all the time . Especially when you or they are away from home.I upgraded from a Palm 5 as memory was getting tight . The extra 6 Mb of memory plus the 32 on the SD card are already being put to good use . The machine is really fast although retrieving data from the expansion card does slow the system a little but not to any great extent . Colour programs such as City Time and AddressPro 6 are really good and add much pleasure when using the machine . It also fits in the Montblanc case I bought for my Palm 5 which was a great relief and it looks really great in it.If you are a Palm fan buy an M505 , we live in a world full of colour not a monochrome one . Only go for the M500 if funds are really tight . You will not be disappointed with your purchase .
 I have now had the m505 for about two months after having a Visor Prism for the previous four and will take some time to compare these two wonderful devices.Why I switched - I wanted the smaller profile and i had had to deal with Handspring 's tech support -LRB- to wonderful conclusions eash time -RRB- a bit too much , I finally decided the Palm seemed sturdier , so far I have been right.Display
 I have had a Palm Profesional for over 5 years and have been looking to step up . I thoroughly researched all the available products and stuck with Palm . I am very happy with my choice ! The size , color screen and software enhancements are great . The expansion card is very easy to use and the current apps are excellent . I am eagerly waiting for the new programs that will be put on cards . The self charging cradle makes life better not having to deal with batteries or potential lost data . I hughly recommend the Palm m505 .
 I 'm glad to own the m505 personally . I agree that the screen is less vivid than some other color handhelds , but its bautiful in direct sunlight , also unlike some other handhelds . It looks sleek and refined , and unlike the prism it does n't look like a glorified gameboy . While the contrast of the screen could have been made adustable , i like everything about my m505 so far ... especially its performance and price -LRB- at $ 100 less than the new clie -RRB-
 There seem to be a lot of comments about the M505 's bad color screen . I have had mine for one week now and am not disappointed at all . After all it 's a PDA not a high definition television . For what it does I think it 's excellent . My only reservation so far is that most of the software out there for the palm O/S is still B&W . I am however expecting this to improve with all the color models coming out this summer . I think the package as a whole is leek and elegant.Basically , I am very happy and it was well worth the wait .
 I noticed on the reviewers that the worst reviews came from former IIIc owners like myself . And other reviewers from a non IIIc back ground favored the screen . I for one , love the M505 , feature packed , expandable , and inuitive . Nice quality , almost perfect . The screen , however , is somewhat lacking . No brightness controls , permanantly set to a dim sidelight , but nonetheless , very viewable in dim to no light , extremely viewable in bright light or outdoor light . So it 's a matter of personal preference . Unlike a lot of the colr pda 's out there , this one can be viewed in any lighting condition . Not a `` brilliant '' screen , just acceptable .
 The palm 505 is very nice . I have never used any other kind of palm but it works very well.The battery also stays charged for a long time . The thing I like most about it is that you can `` beam '' programs from one palm to another !
 I 've been waiting for the new Palm m505 for the longest time . Imagine , a color Palm the size of the Palm V ? It 's what every Palm V owner dreamed of . Well , that dream became a reality , but in the process , some issues ultimately downgrade my rating to 4 stars.First , the good
 After using the Sony 710c , and then the 760c for a short stint , I missed the speed and easy use of the Palm m505.So , i returned the Clie , and repurchased the M505 , and am now a very happy camper.Of course the screen can be better , but for what I use it for , and the price I bought it for , I could not go wrong.Amazon had this item for a great price last week , with free shipping , and no tax for NY residences . This is a savings of almost $ ... compared to the sony clie.I can live without the slow clie , due to the high res , and memory sticks . No real need to have my PDA play MP3 's either.Long live Palm !!!
 I love this Palm . I use it everyday and have had NO problems with it.Would recommend to anybody .
 I think the Palm m505 is the best Palm pilot out there . It has many additional features that Palm VIIx does not have . It is like a mini-mini laptop . The color is awesome !!! I recommend this product to anyone !
 I am so lost with out my M505 . I bought it in September of 2001 and I am really glad I did . I use it daily , actually several times a day.There are so many uses for it , and I never forget anything ever.I love this invention . Kudo 's to the person whom created it .
 Even though I do n't yet have a Palm m505 , I have a palm Vx . With the rechargable batteries in Palm handhelds , you have to CHARGE them before you use them , MICHAEL J. NIGRO ! I refuse to believe that there is a problem with the Palm m505 model !
 I use this all the time . I think it is the best Palm you can get , as of April 2002 . Just my opinion .
 I love this product . It was hard getting used to maneuvering it because you have to learn the Palm alphabet , but other than that , it is really simple . If you do n't understand something , it gives you a tutorial on how to do it . I love this product . I 'm going to buy one for my girlfriend soon , as soon as I get the money !!! Buy this , it is great !!!
 The M505 granted has been getting a lot of flack over the so called washed out screen . I contact Palm Inc. about this , the response was that they tried to cut back on power consumption so they turned off the backlight which is technically on in the IIC to save on battery . If you put the backlight on you will be able to view the 505 in all its glory . I found this to be true . If you get the palm download ... called glow hack , it will automatically keep the backlight on . In outdoors the backlight really is n't needed , in those cases switch it off . The one thing that stopped me from giving it a 5 star rating is the fact you can not ajust the contrast of the 505 . Sometimes I wonder , if they could combine the new sony 's Clie screen , audio capabilities , 505 's sleek design , and expansion capabilities into one palm they would have a sure fire winner . Until then the 505 is a much cheeper alternative to the sony clie.It does play mp3 's but the memory sticks will cost you a pretty penny . Not to mention the overpriced , and bulky pocket PC 's , I am sorry , but my pocket is just not that big .
 I LOOKED AT THE IPAQ , SONY , AND HANDSPRING . AFTER LOOKING AT ALL THE PLUSES AND MINUSES FOR EACH ITEM YOU CA N'T BEAT THE M505 . THE COLOR SCREEN WAS ONLY LITTLE MORE AND DOES THE JOB . I AM WILLING TO ACCEPT THE OK COLOR -LRB- 5 STARS IF COLOR WAS A LITTLE BETTER -RRB- FOR LONGER BATTERY LIFE AND THE SLIM SIZE . THE SCREEN IS STILL BETTER THAN BY OLD IIIX AND THE TRANSFER TO MY M505 WAS SEAMLESS . THE PALM OS IS EASY TO USE , HAS LOADS OF SOFTWARE , AND I EXPECT PLENTY OF STUFF FOR THE EXPANSION SLOT . PALM SERVICE HAS BEEN VERY GOOD IN THE PAST . THE M505 IS AN EXCELLENT PDA AND AN OUTSTANDING VALUE .
 The m505 is probably the convergence point for Palm OS systems -- less powerful than the biggest Visors , but sporting an excellent colour display , certainly enough oomph to get the job done , and the new features of Palm OS 4 . While still dreadfully anaemic when held against the comparatively gargantuan CPUs and screens of the Pocket PCs , you still get one of the fastest Palms available , a pocket handheld that really can fit in a pocket -LRB- try that with an iPaq -RRB- , the elegance of the Palm OS -LRB- versus how difficult Windows CE can be to figure out and operate -RRB- , excellent colour with a well-designed backlight , and USB connectivity for under $ 500 . Works great with Windows and Macintosh alike.The only major sour notes here are battery life and the Secure Digital card slot . Battery life , while acceptable for day to day use , demands that it charge just about every couple of days or you 'll be looking at a low battery indicator faster than you think . This is somewhat inconvenient at best for road trips , and of course the worst culprit for battery drain is that unfortunately beautiful backlight . Second , the Secure Digital card is a good idea crippled by poor execution . Many applications do n't know how to access their databases on the card , and some applications when transferred to the card will run dramatically slower . As a memory expansion option , it 's mediocre at best
 I was worried by the early bad reports of the dim screen and backlighting , but I ordered it anyway , sight unseen . I was pleased to see the device in person , and use if for a couple of days . I have found the M505 very usable , and I congradulate Palm in navigating the razors edge between screen quality and battery life in such a bold , albeit contriversial way.First of all , I will state that I now understand why people have been complaining about the screen brightness . If you compare it to some of the other screens -LRB- Visor Prism , Palm IIIc , etc -RRB- it is much darker . But there is a reason for this , the palm is genuinely usable WITHOUT the backlight on , a claim that the other Palm systems can not make . The backlight is meant to be used in circumstances where the backlight on a monochrome system would be used
 A couple weeks ago I purchased the m505 , my first Palm computer . I have no regrets.It is a marvelous piece of hardware and software engineering and I am sold on its elegance , simplicity , functionality , and performance.The small size is absolutely great and its design is beautiful . It fits fine in coat pockets and is not obtrusive in or out of view.Admittedly , the color screen washes out under adverse lighting conditions . But the m500 is only ... cheaper so I figured that for an additional 12.5 % cost I would find its color useful more often than not . However , it is something that Palm can improve in subsequent models.Installing the PC software went mostly fine , and I was synching up with Outlook 2000 within minutes . I have had some difficulty getting e-mail to synch up without crashing the synch program on the PC , but I suspect that has more to do with what I have installed under Windows 98 than with the Palm software.The standard applications are good and easy to use . Finding other applications on Palm 's website is , however , like treading through an `` organized jungle '' of thousands of programs . And downloading and installing programs could cause the Palm to crash -LRB- it happened once on mine -RRB- , so I am much more careful about what I install now.The built-in batteries have been fine so far , giving enough power for what seems like 8 to 10 hours , if not longer . Recharge is quick.Attaching the Palm m505 to the cradle is not as effective as it could be . It has to be inserted at a particular angle and then pushed back to rest . Removing it from the cradle also is more work than it really needs to be . Seems that repeated action would cause premature wear on the attaching mechanism.m500 / 505-specific accessories seem not to be available in stores yet so these have to be ordered online . Many of these accessories seem a bit pricey , and could knock overall out-of-pocket costs into PC pricing territory . But they probably are very helpful and satisfy a specific need.In the final analysis the ability to whip out the m505 in-between ballgame innings to quickly check or respond to e-mail or write notes or create to-do lists is fantastic.Overall , I give it an honest 4 stars for what the m505 provides -- information truly and elegantly at my finger tips , anytime , anywhere .
 Much has been written about the poor display on the m505 . As the owner of a Cassiopeia E-125 , and a former owner of both a Palm IIIc and the Handspring Visor Prism , I think I can help make sense of it all . For ease of reference , here they are in the order of brightness of the display :1 . Visor Prism -- Absolutely the brightest Palm display out there , including the new Clie n710 and 610 models from Sony . It 's active-matrix back-lit display is bright and text is very readable . The expandable modules are a great idea , but I never took advantage of any of them . My only complaint about the Prism is that is was just too darn big and heavy . It 's a bit boxy , and just felt like a weight when carried in a shirt pocket . In sum , awesome screen , but mediocre form factor still makes this a winner .2 . E-125 -- If you 're in the market for a PocketPC , I think this is the way to go . The screen is gorgeous , and Microsoft 's clear type font technology is really something . The display has more colors , and is larger than Palm displays , allowing you to really spend some quality time reading books or playing games . The new Windows Media Player 7.1 is also a vast improvement over former versions , and transferring audio files to the unit is a snap . Sound quality is very good , too . I personally prefer the Palm OS -- from running apps to hot-syncing , it 's so much simpler and faster . Plus , the PocketPC platform is not nearly as stable in my experience . Programs tend to crash far too frequently , usually taking the entire OS down with it . It 's also very easy to have too many apps running at once -LRB- not all of them have File/Exit menus -RRB- , leading to a crash when you run out of memory . Finally , although the units do a whole lot more than the Palms , they are also much bigger -- no fun at all to carry in a pocket.In short , if you are really intrigued by the PocketPC -- hey , different strokes . But if you 're a Palm user and happy with the platform , there really is n't a reason to switch , unless multimedia is essential ... 3 . Palm IIIc -- not as many out there as there used to be , but still worth a look if you can find one . Zippy and attractive , this unit is relatively bright and clear , but not nearly as bright as the Prism . One thing the IIIc and the Prism have that the m505 does not is a brightness control -LRB- hold down the power button and the brightness meter appears , giving you control over whether to save power or let it shine -RRB- . But it comes standard with a serial cradle -LRB- ugh ! -RRB- meaning you 'll have to pay extra for a USB cradle , and it 's a bit boxy and has a plastic feel to it for my taste . The model has also been discontinued , raising questions about investing in old Palm technology .4 . Palm m505 -- First , I must address the rumors that units manufactured outside the U.S. -LRB- i.e. , in Hungary -RRB- are not as bright as the U.S. models . I 've seen both U.S. and Hungary models , and there is no difference in the brightness of the display . Check out the m505 FAQs at Palm 's web site , where they address this by stating that the rumors are false , and that identical components are used regardless of where manufactured.Next , it 's true , this display is the worst of the four units discussed here . But if you consider this model as an m500 -LRB- the monochrome version -RRB- with color , you wo n't be disappointed . Side by side , the m505 is much easier to read from all different angles than is the m500 . And the color really does enhance the user experience , especially when the unit comes with a terrific app like MGI 's mobile photo suite . Who wants to see digital pix on a grey-scale Palm ? For the extra $ ... that Palm charges for a color display , it 's just a no-brainer . Color is worth it ! I also found that after a few days using this model , my eyes adjusted to the screen , and it was a pleasure to use . Still , Palm might have found a better balance between power conservation and the birghtness on this display -- they erred on the side of conservation , which , based on the reviews right here on Amazon , was n't the way to go to satisfy most users.Notwithstanding the slightly disappointing screen , the m505 is my choice for daily use . For one , it ships with v. 4 of the Palm OS and Desktop for Windows , as well as numerous other bonus apps -LRB- Palm Reader , AOL for Palm , and Documents to Go v. 3 , to name a few -RRB- . It also comes standard with a USB cradle , and is both PC and Mac compatible -LRB- as are Visors , but not PocketPCs or the Sony Clie , which are PC only -RRB- . The m505 also offers the SDD/MMC slot for memory and software cards , and neat innovation that works like a charm -LRB- my m505 came with the GamesPack card -RRB- . Finally , the m505 carries on the legendary form factor of the V/Vx models , which ultimately makes this the best PDA for me . Even with the optional Palm slim leather m505 case , the entire thing fits in my shirt pocket with room to spare . It 's tiny and attractive , and every button has wonderful , snappy tactile response . The thing just feels great in your hand , and the craftsmanship really shows.The bottom line -- you 've really got to go out to a retailer and compare these babies side by side . This model wo n't be for everyone , especially folks who want to read novels or write lengthy documents directly on their Palm device . For everyday contact and schedule info , and occasional reading and writing , the m505 is a definite winner in my book . A slightly brighter screen would make it perfect and worthy of 5 stars !
 It took me a few days to get used to the different screen technology , as I upgraded from the IIIc -LRB- you know , the one so bright you can signal aircraft with it -RRB- . You just have to get accustomed to the silver background instead of white , which is why it looks milky white with the frontlight turned on.However , I 'm facinated in that the screen is clear and readable no matter what the lighting situation may be . When walking down a corridor or past windows , you never ` lose ' the image like I did on my former greyscale and color devices . There was also no hint of streaking or banding.Enough about the screen . The reason I bought it was because of the expansion . I can now travel with EVERY application I need , including my spreadsheets , relational databases , ebooks , and mapping software . I could only fill it up by loading multimedia clips and movie trailers . When it comes to making sure your data is safe , I can now carry a full system backup in my wallet . You insert the backup card in your Palm and two buttons pop up on the screen ; Backup and Restore . Forget the manual ! I should probably mention that you can put more than just Palm files on the card . Just drop any file into the Palm installer , send it to the card , and you have it with you . An extra trick when you get to that out of town meeting ? Click on that special file and email your materials as attachments using McFile.I do n't really have to mention size , you can slip it in your pocket without looking like you are stealing bricks for your diveway . Even though it is more solid than other handhelds I 've owned -LRB- this is my 5th -RRB- , I find myself being more careful due to it 's size.One thing I was not expecting was the extra speed . If you do n't know anyone with a Pocket PC -LRB- I have friends and coworkers with them -RRB- , then go down to a local store and try out a Pocket PC with the 505 by it 's side . You will be surprised by how sluggish most of them seem . I had to use a utility to slow the Palm down to get the responsiveness of the PPC 's -LRB- HP Jordana was used in actual testing -RRB- . Taking that same utility , you can crank the speed up to 50Mhz , which is the equivalent of above 300Mhz on a Pocket PC , and really watch it fly . Watch the battery though ... you do n't get as good mileage with your foot on the floor like that.Hotsyncing was also drastically different . A normal hotsync take 12 seconds . Sometimes I do it twice because I did not see the first one , even though it says it did . A full reload from the desktop computer used to take me about 55 minutes . A reload to the M505 takes 9 minutes , including backup and verification.On the downside , the battery life is not as good as the IIIc , which had a huge battery . Size does have it 's tradeoffs , and Palm would have had to give up the expansion slot or vibrating alert to get more battery in there . Most users can expect about 2 weeks of use from a single charge , if they they do n't watch too much video . But I should also mention that this is a concern only if you hotsync once every two weeks . The M505 soaks up a charge faster than any device I 've known . In testing , it went from a 10 % battery level to 53 % in two minutes . Given time to stabilize , the voltage level evened out at 48 % , so I imagine you would have to purposely avoid the cradle in order for the thing to even get low in the first place . If you do kill the battery by ignoring the many warnings which begin at 10 % , it will not turn on . This is to protect your data , which will be safe for another week ... but THAT 'S something I 'm not going to test !
 This is my third Palm , so I am obviously sold on the usefulness of the little machines ! If you are a busy person -- not necessarily a BUSINESS person , but a person who has a busy life , and has to remember lots of information , keep lots of appointments , etc. , I believe you will fall in love with these devices if you try them . I use mine for the traditional purposes of keeping track of appointments and recording phone numbers , but also to put reminders to myself in the future , such as `` rebalanace mutual funds in IRA '' twice a year . I also use this as a memory bank for odd little bits of information I may find useful , by recording the information in a note , along with several key words I will think of when I want to remember the specifics months later . I search for the keywords , and there is the note , displayed so I can see it.As to the specifics of this particular Palm , the two main advantages it has over the Palm V series are color , and the ability to use memory cards that can be inserted into the device . Bluntly , I am unimpressed with the color . You can use Palm m505 to display color photographs , but the display is not bright enough or large enough for this to be a good way to show off your pictures . I have hopes that the color will be useful when I acquire mapping software later , but I have n't done that yet.So far I have n't used the memory cards as anything but an expanded memory , but Palm and other providers are already offering memory cards with all sorts of programming included -- Huge databases of tourist information on cities , maps , game programs , and all sorts of things . It looks like this will be good , if your needs extend to that.I highly recommend this product if you are buying your first PDA , or if you have a very old one -LRB- Palm III or something -RRB- you want to upgrade . If you have a Palm V or Palm Vx , I 'd suggest waiting to upgrade unless you have a burning need for the memory cards .
 BrightI used to have a Windows CE device , the Nokia 9110 palmtop/mobile phone and still have a Palm IIIc . I read a lot of bad things about the M505 color display . After using it very often in the last couple of weeks -LRB- car travel , planes , office , etc. -RRB- I ca n't believe that people say the display is a problem . This is far better then my PIIIc . For sure the contrast on the display are less impressive -LRB- you getting used to it -RRB- but it works in all light conditions . I only use the backlight in about 10 % of the time . Sometimes you have to swivel the Palm screen towards a light source to read the display correctly without the backlight -LRB- it saves battery -RRB- . . Outside , this display is incredible clear , with my PIIIc I always had to increase the intensity of the screen to see something.It is also much faster then the PIIIc , this M505 is really fast . The software included with it is really cool , easy to use Excel and Word document reader . Ebook , Photosuite software to name a few.Because of the negative commands on this site on the M505 I almost bought a M500 . Lucky I did n't do because I heard now that the M500 is slower -LRB- It has the same processor but the screen updates slower -RRB- . Compared to the PIIIc , I would say the M505 is : - Smaller with less weight . -LRB- it fits in my wallet -RRB- . - Faster . - More software . - Integrated SD slot is really useful , I never thought it would be -LRB- 8Mbyte RAM with a few family pictures is could becoming a problem -RRB- . - Better display -LRB- better in both very dark and bright light situations -RRB- . Even in this small size , the battery get me running for longer then 10 hours , thanks to Color LCD technology Palm is using -LRB- simular to the PIIIc -RRB- . - Now I can write on my palm in complete darkness also because now my Silkscreen lights up . - This unit is ready for the bluetooth wireless technology , which will be available from Palm at the end of the year . - Faster USB hotsync transfer . -LRB- only important for Aventgo website syncing I found -RRB- .
 The palm m505 was very dissappointing when I recieved it and I even thought about taking it back , until I saw all the other handhelds that had color screens . The compaq Ipaq has a weak screen just like the palm without the backlight on , and it 's battery only lasts about 4 hours . It is also a lot bulkier and costs almost twice as much . The handspring visor prism does have a better screen , but it is huge compared to the palm m505 . I do n't think the screen is very bad considering it 's size . If you really want a good color screen handheld with the palm os format and do n't care about price , get the sony clie . It 's screen is much better then the palm m505 , the handspring e -RSB- visor prism , and the compaq ipaq
 I purchased a Handspring Visor Prism in January of 2001 and then in early July , I purchased the Palm M505 after passing the Prism to my younger sibling.There were two major drawbacks to the Prism that was `` fixed '' in the Palm M505 . First , the Prism does weigh a lot to be carried in a shirt pocket every day . The new M505 is light , thin , and is sleek compared to the overweight Prism . Secondly , I can actually see the screen in bright daylight . When I needed to check on a phone number outside on a bright day , the handspring 's screen was invisible . -LRB- similar to most laptop screens being invisible under direct sunlight . I 'm not sure why all those ads show people trading online on their laptops on beaches . -RRB- The M505 's front lit reflective display solved this problem , which I believe is a very strong reason to buy the M505 over the Prism.This reflective display is also one of the biggest problems with the M505 . It 's too dark and I ca n't change the contrast . If anyone is upgrading from a Prism or a Palm IIIc to the M505 , they will be disappointed indoors , but like I said , they will appreciate the M505 outdoors . Also , the screen on the M505 seems a tad bit smaller than the Prism screen . However , if you are used to the non-color screens , especially the pre-Palm V screens , you may not notice this darkness . In fact , when the front light is turned off , the M505 initially looks like it has a non-color display.The SD expansion slot for now is very limited . Hopefully when that SD association approves more I/O devices , more interesting things will come up . At the same time , most of the Handspring Springboard cards were useless to me . I had the MP3 module , the digital camera module , the Voice Recorder module , the Backup Module , and the 8MB expansion module . For the most part , I only used the backup and the 8MB expansion module , which are technically both available in SD versions for the M505 . If you really want to take nice pictures , get a real digital camera.If you use your palm indoors for the most part , do not care about the weight , and require mp3 and other multimedia devices , I 'd skip the M505 and go for the Prism -LRB- it is rumored that a new Handspring Visor called the Snap will be coming out this year with a color screen with something similar to the size of the Visor Edge -RRB- or the Sony Clie . However , if you want something light-weight that you will be carrying around EVERYWHERE you go , I would definitely suggest the M505 .
 I was slightly disappointed by the dim colors on my new M505 . However the screen contrast and readability are significantly improved over my old PalmIII.The screen is much easier to read in bright light , and the colors are also much better in bright light . The backlight is very bright -LRB- white -RRB- and also lights up the outline of the graffiti area and the icons surrounding the graffiti area -LRB- making it easier to use the palm in the dark -RRB- . Overall I am very please with my new M505.Some reviewers have complained that the M505 lacks a contrast adjustment . I carried mine for several days inside air-conditioned labs and outside in temps up to 90 deg F. I have n't noticed any difference in the contrast at different temperatures . My PalmIII always required a contrast adjustment when it got warm , and again when it cooled off . My M505 display is n't effected by temp changes.The sound is much louder , and the processor is noticeably faster.I have n't seen an M500 yet , but if the screen is actually paper white as advertised , then it may be easier to read than the M505 . My advice is to examine both the M505 and M500 before buying one . The color can make applications easier to ready , but not many take advantage of it yet . I 'm not sure its worth the extra money just use your Palm as a photo album , especially if the M500 is easier to read.My M505 came with several add-on applications
 I recently bought a Palm M505 after my first Palm -LRB- b & w -RRB- was stolen . I have to say , I love it . It 's lightweight , easy to read , powerful , has tons of storage , and with the latest operating system , really , really user-friendly . I love the notepad feature -- it 's great for lists or taking a quick note -LRB- by handwriting instead of typing or using graffiti -RRB- . In combination with Microsoft Outlook on my home computer , I am set up with reminder alarms , back-up data , and great organization.I read some negative reviews before I bought this product , and I really do n't understand where they came from . I find the screen very easy to view , use the backlight feature about 25 % of the time , and the buttons are well-designed for the user . I know however that not all handhelds are right for everyone .
 I 've read the other mixed reviews , but the bottom line is this is the best Palm so far . Why ? Let 's start with the size . It is smaller than all the rest save the Palm Vx . It fits nicely in the hand and pocket . Then there is the expansion slot . On top of the built in 8 mb of memory , each SD expansion card offers another 16 mb ! All told , that 's three as much as either the Palm IIIc , xe , or Vx . That means you can save tons more software and really maximize the use of the m505 . Finally , there 's the color screen . Yeah , it ai n't all that bright without the backlite on , but Palm now offers a software patch for free that allows you to have the backlite on when you turn hit the power button the first time . Sure it uses more battery , but so what ? Hello , it 's rechargable ! And if you hot sync as much as I do to get updates to all the avantgo news and information , recharging ai n't no big thing . Buy this machine .
 A good upgrade from a Palm III or V . This is the first Palm device I 've found so useful that I 've nearly filled up all 8 MB of built-in RAM.You may have heard the screen is so-so . I disagree . While it 's not the best in the handheld market , it is certainly an improvement over the Palm V -LRB- especially the backlight -RRB- . Just be realistic with your expectations . Games bring out the best in the color screen.Expandability with the SD card is very useful , although unfortunately SD cards do n't expand available program memory . They provide only secondary storage space . Therefore some programs ca n't be copied onto the SD card , and will continue to use up valuable memory.The change in the connector is a nuisance , as it makes Palm V accessories obsolete . However , the included Mobile Connectivity software , plus a GSM phone negate the need for an OmniSky or Palm Modem in many cases . I 've used SMS and connected to Web Clipping using my ISP without a hitch on my GSM phone without having to buy anything extra . Hint - Palm 's Nordic site has some Motorola and Nokia phone drivers that are n't on the USA site .
 From reading the reviews regarding the quality of the 505 's color screen , I was apprehensive about my purchase . I 'm an Engineer on a major US railway and I was worried about the readability of the screen in our locomotives . Never fear , it works great . I am very pleased with this model Palm and I highly recommend it to anyone in the business that has thoughts about buying it . Now , I leave home the heavy catalogs I once carried . My pockets are much lighter now , too . The Palm 505 has replaced my old address book and Engineer 's Time Book . It 's made my work-life much nicer . The expansion card is great add-on as well . It was bundled with my Palm when I purchased it from Amazon.com . I keep pictures of my wife and kids stored in the Palm . They do n't get torn up like they did in my wallet ! There are too many other wonderful features to be listed here . Try it for yourself .
 I recently purchased the m505 from Amazon a week ago ... along with a SanDisk 32MB SD card . Charged it up for several hours while I went to Best Buy and bought the Kensington PDA Protector.After using it for a week or so , -LRB- quickly filling up the 32MB expansion -RRB- I have come to the conclusion that it is a nice PDA -LRB- not exactly cheap though ! -RRB- if you have money to spend.I would for the most part agree with what I 've heard and read and that is you must decide what it is exactly what you want to accomplish with it - in my case I needed expanability and it was worth it for me spend a little extra for the color screen which is not awful nor great , but could had been better I think for the money that one is paying.And it is too bad that Palm DID N'T include any software to effectively use the memory expansion capabilities . In order for the Palm to be really useful with in this case you will need 3 essential programs to do this : - McFile or FileZ - PowerRun or TealMover - PiDirect or MSMountThe Palm is faster that the Vx I previously owned , but once you start moving things into Expansion RAM , etc. it goes from really fast to just fast -LRB- faster that the Vx anyhow -RRB- . And the screen appears to attract dust faster than a storm , so you will want to get a protector ASAP . I recommend the Brando protector.All in all a decent PDA . If Palm were to knock -LSB- down -RSB- the price , they would have a winner !!
 The screen looks great in almost any lighting situation - in those dim light settings backlighting works and works well . I find that I only need to use backlighting about 20 % of the time.My main gripe is that the scroll buttons are a bit recessed and hard to press -LRB- esp . compared to Palm V -RRB- . If you loved the Palm V I ca n't think of any good reasons not to love this one -LRB- besides lack of backwards compatibility with accessories -RRB- Pros : Smaller than a Palm V -LRB- slightly heavier -RRB- Color screen looks greatBacklighting on the Graffiti area finallyLots of cool bundled softwareFinally can synch to USB -LRB- I have a Mac ! -RRB- Lots of cool expansion options -LRB- SD cards -RRB- w/out the huge size a Handspring slotCons : It ai n't `` cheap '' -LRB- then again , you 're getting great valueScroll buttons
 Yes , the color screen could be better when not backlite . When backlighted the screen is brighter and easier to read than my Palm V . The real reason I purchased the 505 is the small size , I carry it everywhere in my suit jacket pocket . It is light and very easy to hold . The 505 looks great , the buttons are better looking and have a good solid feel to them . The new USB connection is an improvement , the battery charges very fast , every time I have docked the unit . And the ability to expand through the memory cards on a unit this small is an outstanding piece of engineering . I am extremely pleased with the new Palm 505 . It meets both my needs and expectations for a handheld .
 Do n't believe the reviewers that say the Palm m505 color screen is dark and washed out . Most PDA 's require a backlit screen to function . That means a massive power drain and shorter battery life . Whereas most PDA 's only last a day or so , the Palm m505 will last weeks between charges . The reason ? A reflective not backlit -LRB- unless you turn it on -RRB- screen . Obviously , the reviewers saw the color in normal office lighting . Take it out in bright sunlight -LRB- where most backlit color PDAs are usless -RRB- and the color looks great ! Take it in a room with no light , turn on the backlight and the color also looks great . The expansion card feature is great . My configuration with 40 meg of memory offers plenty of room for all my apps plus a thousand family photos ! No more packing around a wallet full of scratched up pictures . You can even zoom in on your photos for enlargment of details . I love my new 505 !
 I bought this new to replace my Palm organizer that was stolen a few years ago . I have n't had any problems with it and I 've had it for about three years now .
 I 've had a Palm since they first came out . I had pre-ordered the M505 through Palm , but cancelled after reading several negative reviews about the color display . After seeing it in the stores , I purchased it and am delighted . True , the display is n't perfect , and does require the backlight in most indoor situations . However , the backlight solves the problem indoors , and outdoors its very readable . The features are great , the subtle improvements to the applications are helpful , and it 's very well made . Above all , I can put it in my pocket now -LRB- the IIIe was clunky . -RRB- If size matters to you ... you 'll want the M505 . if you want extremely crisp , clear color , buy a 27 '' Sony Trinitron !
 Overall quite a nice little gadget . More stable and faster than my previous Visor Deluxe . Yes the colours are nice/vivid but you have to have the backlight on because it is not that bright . One of my biggest problems with it is the fact the buttons -LRB- 4 of them below the screen -RRB- are not recessed which means that when in your pocket , and when the cover is pushed , it activates the Palm . Not only does it make the iritating `` beep '' sound but also keeps it on for a while . Do it a few times and it 'll drain the batteries . A few flaws but overall not too bad !
 I received my palm 505 within 7 business days after purchase . I must admit that buying something as pricey as a handheld through the internet was stressful . I appreciate the great service that the Amazon.com folks provided . My palm 505 is used , but it looks new . The packaging looked untouched , but most important it performs without error.The palm is perfect for me as a college student . I use it primarly to take notes in class -LRB- w/M500 keyboard -RRB- . The palm gives me the word processing ability I need without the cost of a laptop .
 When the palms came out a few years ago , I was the first in line ! It seems that the company is constantly updating and improving technology . Their latest is the Palm m505 , which I purchased this summer . This is the second palm with a color screen . Although it is not as bright as I would have thought , it is still visually pleasing.Connections to Macs have been improved so you no longer need all of the extra stuff just to hook up . This alone was a major plus for me . Also appreciated the handwriting notepad which allows you to scribble notes , make lists , draw , etc. without having to use that alphabet that the others require.So many new features exist ! More memory , all sorts of tiny cards you can purchase to expand your options -LRB- I am a big fan of the games card -RRB- , etc. etc. I am still in the process of learning all of the goodies!One complaint though . Palm has yet to come out with covers , holders , and other acessories that it has for the other models . Basically , leather cases are available .
 Above and beyond what i expected when i bought this product . Excelent interface , display , and the memory card is feature is a must have ! A + + + + + + !!!!!
 Palm 505 is very good , sleek and lightweight . The color is a little on the light side.However , gettig accessories is difficult . Even Palm ran out . Poor planning for a product is supposed to be so hot .
 Most of the reviews I read seem to really detract from the overall excellence of this unit because of the screen . Well , my screen is fine . It is easy to read , and considering that 90 % of Palm apps are for gray scale , the color is a nice addition and not overly necessary . You have to decide if the additional -LRB- expense -RRB- for color is worth it . To me , it is . I mean , come on , it is only -LRB- money -RRB- , right?Now , as for the unit , it is blazingly fast . I replaced my palm V with this unit and I was in awe of the processor speed . It will make even the fastest PocketPC PDA look slow in comparison . The redesigned case -- slightly different from the V series , meaning all your accessories will not fit :-LRB- -- looks great and the card slot is wonderful . My DV CamCorder uses MMCards to store photos , so I can now include Palm aps on the same cards . This is handy.I lookforward to the expandability of this device . I am sure that a GPS and wirless modem will be available soon . This is the top of the line Palm and it looks great . Well worth the money IMHO .
 I was tired of the green glow of my old Palm III , but the IIIc was so bulky , just like the old III . Then I heard the m505 was coming out . Wow ! I read the pre-reviews . I heard that the color is not stunning , but I decided to pre-order from Amazon anyway . Free shipping & no tax!I got it last Thursday - they shipped standard but it got here in 2 days . Kudos to Amazon!The color is not stunning . There are no contrast or brightness controls . But it is a great unit . I have books , games and photos in it and my co-workers are impressed . It will also play video clips . -LRB- Oddly , the sample that comes with it only runs backwards ! -RRB- It surprises me that the programs that Palm ships with it have very few color features , and standard things like the clock & calendar do not make use of color . I will look on the web for more color programs.Transfering data from the old Palm software to the new was painless and transparent . Then a hot sync and all my stuff was in the new unit!I have only locked it up once , and I had changed a display option in the middle of a game , so it might have been my fault.I am very happy with my new companion !
 What 's the big deal about the color ? I do n't see any problems with this handheld at all . I also have a Handspring Visor Deluxe and when you look from one to the other , the Visor display is green and faded and makes me sick now . The white background and crisp coloring and contrast really work for me.I 've had my m505 for a month now and have no complaints about it . The price is kinda steep and may be a big investment for newbies that are n't sure what they want to do ... Although I love my m505 , I am still kinda kicking myself for not being patient enough for the new Sony Clie -LRB- supports mp3 playback and memory sticks -RRB- .
 I 've owned almost every Palm OS device out there beggining with the Palmpilot Pro. , and for my money the M505 is up there with the best of them.The M505 is by far the slickest looking of all the Palm Os devices . Its made very well and has a very good feel to it . The display , while not as crisp as the Sony Clie devices is perfectly readable in all kinds of lighting conditions . I do wish Palm would of made the backlight adjustable but I understand they were looking at battery life as a primary concern.The LED and vibrating alarms are also a nice touch.Palm OS 4.0 is really fast and the new addition of a clock and note pad are long overdue . The SD expansion slot is a great addition especially if you use spread sheets or play games on the device . Although I wish Palm would of included a SD card with the unit like Sony does with certain units -LRB- although Palm does have a promo going on where you get a free sd card by mail -RRB- . The cradle is nice but docking it takes a little practice . The included software is also a big plus -LRB- Docs-to-Go and mobile internet Kit -RRB- . The included screen cover is just so-so , I payed an extra $ 20.00 and got the slim leather case.The M505 is a really good device if you are concerned with functionality as well as looks . If games or graphics are your thing then you should look at the Sony Clie line .
 This pda is great . From reading the reviews about the screen I almost did n't buy this but I saw it in person at a store . It looks good there but there are brighter screens next to it like the Sony . Well I bought it and I just love it . It 's nice and small and with and without the backlight on , the palm m505 still looks great . Do n't worry about the battery life because if you compare this battery life to other color pda 's , it 's about the same . You get is a great looking pda the functions like what it 's meant to do . Organize your appointments and tasks . I had a handspring platinum before and it was almost unusable in the dark with its reverse lighting . With this pda , I read in bed with it and do my banking with pocket quicken -LRB- not included -RRB- . Hey what 's a PDA if you ca n't bring it along with you ? With the Palm M505 you can stick it in your pocket and it keep you up to date with your day to day tasks .
 I returned the Prism and bought the m505 and I 'm very satisfied . This is a fantastic device . Its very fast . So easy to use . The screen is very nice . Because its not backlit the m505 batteries last much longer than the Prism . The case is very sleek and feels really comfortable in your hand . Its much smaller than the Prism . It 's definitely worth the extra $ 50 for the color screen . The expansion slot works flawlessly . Just insert the card and the machine recognizes it immediately .
 As an avid gadgeteer and a devout Palmer I was excited to hear about a color version of the 5 . It was everyting I expected and more . It reacts faster , keeps the charge longer , and it syncs super fast - and its color ! When you first turn it on it seems to be darker than the old - and it is . The backlight makes viewing perfect . Leave it to Palm programmers to fix the problem by writing an app to automatically turn on the backlight -LRB- Carzy Diamond - a free app - can be downloaded from palgear.com -RRB- . For those of you who have an older version it is worth the upgrade.And don ; t forget the expansion slot ...
 I dont understand the reviewers complaints about the screen . I find it to be perfectly acceptable . The contrast and lighting is less intense than say the IIIC or the IPAQ , but that is a GOOD THING . THe IIIC 's colors for example have a terrible tendancy to ` drip ' , making it a very messy screen in general . The IPAQ screen is beautiful because of its higher resolution , but i found that in both cases i had a headache after about 30mins use
 I 've been using my Franklin/Covey planner for years , love it but have recently found that the book was becoming cumbersome.In an attempt to downsize my life and declutter , I asked for a Palm Handheld for my birthday . What a wonderful difference ! I 've now reduced from my purse and briefcase to a small bag and tote ! My shoulder feels better , I do n't have the juggling of purse and briefcase and my arthritic fingers are very happy ! -LRB- Guess I 'm getting old -RRB- . I can now attend meetings with just a note pad and my Palm 505 . I love the ease of use . It took minutes to learn and I have a great time with the games.I have installed the program on both my home and work systems so that I can Hot Sync from both to avoid any forgotten details that need to be addressed . What a time saver ! Would highly recommend to anyone looking at one .
 got the product promptly . works great , i used to have the Palm IIIxe -LRB- which was stolen when i was at school -RRB- . nevertheless , the m505 works great -LRB- only complain is the the screen sharpness -RRB- . i would recommend it to anyone -LRB- the m515 w / 16k -RRB- , other than that , i 'm one happy customer .
 As long as you get the 505 that is put together in the US you will fall in love w / the vivid colors on the screen . For those of you that do n't there is a utility on ... that will allow you to keep the ` frontlight ' on at all times . I would recommend this to any one that does not mind spending the cash !
 I 've used a Palm III , a IIIc , and now the M505 . I 've liked each of them ; and overall , I like the M505 the best ; but there are some drawbacks . The main one is the lack of compatibility with accessories purchased for the earlier Palm models . I do n't have a huge investment there ; but now I 'll have to get new gear to charge and sync on the road . Beyond that , if you like the Palm platform , I think this is the best yet . I 've read several criticisms of the M505 screen ; but after using it for two weeks , I have no complaints . It is very readable both indoors and out ; and the fact that the graffiti area is lit when using the sidelight is a big plus in low-light conditions .
 I was a Palm V user for almost 2 years and was getting frustrated by the lack of memory -LRB- 2 mb -RRB- . I had read reviews of the m505 and was concerned about the comments about the screen . I am really happy with the m505 . It is not the brightest color but the back light fills in very nicley indoors . If you keep the idea of a Palm -LRB- it 's a PDA -RRB- it is a great product . Its not a computer nor should it be compared to one . If you need versitile color PDA thisa is the one .
 I understand why some criticize the color display - I also thought I had bought the mononchrome version at first . If you have used a Palm IIIc with its excellent indoors display and absolutely poor outdoor display , then you will appreciate the m505 color display better . The m505 has incredible outdoor color display -LSB- even in the bright sunlight -RSB- and good enough indoor color display when working in low light conditions with the backlight on.The postage stamp expansion cards for the m500/505 are so little that it is easy to lose them in your pocket . As a developer , I see the great potential in using the memory cards . The memory card is `` preformatted '' to use your programs and data . The Palm install tool makes it easy to put programs on the card . The internal PDA program for copying and moving around files is also a plus.A minus - I had to replace my m505 for failure to `` hold down '' or `` lock-in '' expansion cards after a few times of swapping out cards ! Such a nice and expensive device to `` break '' at such a critical place as some sort of small metal or plastic lock-in tab ... I just received my replacement m505 and am nervous about using the expansion card slot . I suspect future versions will address this problem - maybe it is just a one time problem .
 I purchased my m505 to replace a Handspring Visor Deluxe.What I like : * I love the size/shape - ergonomics in general . When I first saw the m505 I was a little disappointed that Palm did n't do something to differentiate it in appearance from the V/Vx . But after only a few days with my m505 , I discovered that Palm pretty much reached perfection with the V/Vx design . If you want a small/sleek PDA -LRB- which I do -RRB- , this is the one to get . * It 's expandable with MultiMediaCards and Secure Digital cards . These cards -LRB- well , not the SD cards yet ! -RRB- are readily available and they 're fairly cheep - plus they 're very small . I considered the Handspring Edge but in my opinion , their expansion approach is terrible - you need that huge plug-in module hanging off the back before you can use the expansion cards . This destroys the ergonomics of the unit . I mainly want expansion to add memory , the approach the m505 -LRB- and m500 -RRB- takes is much better because it gives you all the memory you -LSB- probably -RSB- want while maintaining the size/shape of the unit . * The new processor seems to be pretty speedy . While I have n't performed any actual benchmark tests , I did put my Visor Deluxe and my m505 side-by-side and tapped the same application at the same time . I tried this with several applications -LRB- form Datebook , to Vindigo , to a Acrobat file -RRB- - the m505 was the clear winner . However , be advised that several PDAs use the same processor as the m505 , so choose wisely . * The battery life seems to be pretty good - even with the backlight on all the time.What I do n't like : * Like many people , I 'm disappointed with the screen - it is rather dim . The backlight improves it to acceptable . The Handspring Prism clearly has a superior screen - but you pay for it in terms of size . Since I use the backlight almost all of the time , it would be nice if the unit would default to using the light whenever it 's turned on -LRB- without having to hold the power button for a second or two or doing the swipe on the screen -RRB- . * Memory management for data stored on MultiMediaCards . Applications will not run directly from the expansion card . That is , if you run an application on the card it will first copy itself to the system memory and run from there . This clearly has limitation both in terms of size of applications and your usage of the system memory . It also seems like some applications ca n't be transferred to the card -LRB- e.g. , Vindigo -RRB- . But on the positive note , you can store read-only databases on the card -LRB- and access them directly from the card -RRB- . Of course you 'll need software to accomplish this -LRB- I use MSMount -RRB- . * The price is a little high for the improvements over the Vx.Why I bought the m505 instead of something else : Before purchasing my m505 I also considered
 It is all in the screen . If you read the other reviews , you can see that people are bitterly divided over the screen on this new Palm . Honestly , I was disappointed when I first saw it . It appeared dim and if you do n't look at it straight on , the colors are washed out . However , having used it for a week or so now , I 've adjusted to it . Now that I know the angle to hold it at , the screen looks great . It has an energy saving mode , but this is too dim for all but brightly lit environments.Compare the M505 side-by-side with the Palm IIIC and there is no comparison . The IIIC screen is much brighter and easier to see . Although the IIIC only has 256 colors and the M505 is claimed to have over 65 thousand colors , you wo n't notice it when you directly compare them . Palm claims that the M505 has a screen that is easier to use in direct sunlight . I have to take their word for it because I work indoors and ca n't imagine ever using my Palm in direct sunlight . If you a lifeguard or work at the beach , this is definitely the Palm for you!The unit is smaller than the IIIC and fits more comfortably in the pocket . The memory is expandable which is a major advantage over the IIIC . And gone are those incredibly annoying and unreliable batteries . The unit has rechargeable batteries and it charges up whenever it is in the cradle . I do n't know how long the batteries last , but it easily lasts the day . I recharge mine every night.Overall , this is a nice palm . I bought it the day it came out , based upon its tremendous prerelease press . That only goes to show that you ca n't trust the reviews and , perhaps , that you should look before you leap . Honestly , I would n't trust this review either . Although I 've adjusted to the Palm M505 and I 'm happy with it , I 'd advise anybody contemplating its purchase to compare it directly with the Palm IIIC and whatever other color handheld you may be considering . You need to compare the screens directly and decide for yourself .
 The Palm M505 is a pretty good palm . It has the memory card expansion feature and is pretty light . The color screen is not as bright as you would think . It is used best outside as palm intended it to be , and inside you need to have the back light on and it works perfectly .
 The is my third Palm . First I used the Palm Vx . I liked it because of its small size . I then went to the Palm IIIc for the color . The new Palm M505 combines the best of both . Granted , the screen could be a bit brigher , but I have found it very comfortable to view in almost every setting . Unlike the IIIc , you can actually use it in direct sunlight . That 's a big help to me because I use it in my car a lot . The expansion slot is also a big improvement . I hightly recommend this Palm .
 Yes people , its true about the screen . Ive been loyal to Palm since the first PDA they introduced when it was 3Com , have owned 4 Palms , ... . and was very excited to hear about the color m505 . I bought it sight unseen over the net , and received it a couple of days ago . But I will NOT return it for many reasons ... even though the display is ridiculously dim looking in mixed office lighting -LRB- flourescent lighting with sunlight through the windows -RRB- and the color is sometimes there , and sometimes not ... -LRB- depending on the ambient lighting -RRB- The first thing you must know is the Palm m505 publicity photo is pure propaganda , the screen in no way resembles it . The screen is not able to produce a white background even while backlit under ideal circumstances . You will be using the backlit feature alot of the time while indoors , but read on to the pros of this unit.Why am I rating the m505 with 4 stars then?The most obvious aspect to this Palm is durablity in the field , and battery life . The screen problems everyone touts as the main reason to NOT buy is actually one of the reasons Im keeping it . After all , what good is a PDA if theres no electricity to power it ? Palm knows this and gave us a color screen that can last up to two weeks of use before recharge . The battery life to me is more important than an insanely beautiful screen at this point of time with the technology available to Palm . AND , they have given us a REFLECTIVE screen , it actually is in full color and VERY bright in the sunlight or outdoors.With the Palm 4.0 OS , everything syncs perfect and FAST via the native USB cable , although not much new stuff in the OS . The software included is very valuable ... deduct that off the sales price The palm cradle feels solid -LRB- although it has a plastic case -RRB- . The m505 is a solid unit , buttons and case are incredible , feel good and the unit is FAST , moving through the interface is FAST.The bottom line here is that the color of this unit is a frill , not a great feature for anyone who is really interested in a super display . I personally dont have any problems reading the display ... yes it appears washed out , but still its more fun to look at than a monochrome display ... the unit functions perfectly , has a vibrator alarm , as well as better and louder sounds ... the unit is trick but the display is not perfect . Just remember when deciding about buying it whether battery life is important , and that the reflective display is a different type of technology that views indoors differently .
 I am writing this in hopes that it will appear where others can read it but-where are the other customer reviews ? I did n't see any for the m505 -LRB- even though there are plenty for the Ipaq 3765 -RRB- and hope Palm m505 customer reviews come back soon ! - The m505 is lighter than the Ipaq 3765 or recent Journadas.-The Palm OS is user-friendly so you do n't have to read instructions to navigate within it . The 3765 has very meager documentation and it is NOT obvious how to open a new file in Pocket Word , or do anything on the aesthetically beautiful , but unhelpful Ipaq . For user-unhelpfulness the Ipaq screen rates right up there with the C-prompt on the old DOS machines . If you do n't know what you want and how to get there , forget it.-If you need technical support to understand the Ipaq , forget it . With Palm , you can just go to palmsupport.com and you can either e-mail them and get a detailed reply in 48 hours or you can go on-line and chat with a reasonably helpful `` expert '' . I never could find how to get technical support for the Ipaq . Try going to Compaq 's or Microsoft 's website and see if you can find support for the Ipaq and it 's Microsoft operating sytem.-There is no screen cover for the Ipaq , just a limp leatherette case to slide it into . The m505 has a firm leather-like `` book cover '' , that easily flips open and which protects the screen.Yes the Ipaq display is brilliant and the m505 's is dull , but you can see it easily enough , even though it is weak in the aesthetics department . However , the Ipaq tells you to put it on the charger every time you work at your desktop , in order to get 10-14 hours of battery life . Palm 's battery charges very quickly . The m505 gives you an automatic readout of battery life remaining that you do n't have to be a rocket scientist to find or read . You get 3 weeks use -LRB- based on 40 minutes per day of use -RRB- with the Palm.-The two -LRB- 2 -RRB- Targus keyboards I tried out with the Compaq did not fold flat , so with each keystroke , there was a little clunk , as the keyboard hit the table . The Palm keyboard laid flat and was pleasant , quiet and non-distracting to type on.-The little on-screen keyboard of the Palm is a bit insensitive sometimes , so you really have to give each letter a solid tap or it might not register on-screen . The Ipaq 's keyboard is very responsive to the stylus and is a joy to type on . However , I 've heard the price one pays for this increased sensitivity is that the screen is also more vulnerable to being scratched . The Ipaq screen is also not covered by the 1 year guarantee and is very expensive to replace.So , in sum , the m505 is a little ugly-looking compared to the Ipaq but is durable , lightweight , well-constructed , does the job right , recharges quickly , and is intuitively user-friendly , with good technical support . The m505 lets me focus on getting my work done , rather than using up the extravagant amounts of time needed to figure out the correct care and feeding required by the more elegantly beautiful Ipaq .
 Hi everybody ! I spent approximately more than 20 hours in the net reading all the comments in several newsgroups and gathering all reviews and test information I could get for a palm with a colour display . Finally after some sleepless nights and in spite of all complains , I decided to buy a Palm m505.First of all
 The best Palm PDA out in the market !! I been using this palm m505 for a month now and its great , I use it to organize my busy life . Good battery life and color is great outdoors!First of all , This is a palm organizer its not a Pocket PC , The main propose is to help organize yourself not to browse internet - if I wanted to browse the internet , I would do it on a desktop ... Also since Pocket PC uses Windows the Crash rate is much higher than the Palm OS.Secondly , people are complaining about the USB having problems , I did experience this problem at first but I was able to figure out what the problem was . The problem was 1 -RRB- This depends on your Motherboard USB - Generic board usually have problems transmitting information -LRB- if you have problems you can always go to serial connection -RRB- 2 -RRB- The Version of OS - I 'm using Windows 2000 and it &#8217; s working great !!! Lastly , People are complaining about the Screen being dark compared to other PDA 's . Palm M505 used front lighting technology where else other PDA use backlighting technology . It has the ability to view the screen in a wider variety of lighting conditions -LRB- indoors as well as in bright sunlight -RRB- . Other Color PDA such as Sony and handspring uses backlight technology where the light shines from back of the screen , so it acts like a flashlight . The advantage for this technology is it looks good indoors but once you go out in the bright sun - Ouch !! Can &#8217; t see anything-turns pitch black . Whereas , the Palm M505 uses the front light technology so you can see the color magnificently in the bright sun.Palm used this technology because it offers the broadest range of readability and brightness in addition to maximizing battery life . -LRB- Since it &#8217; s uses the Sunlight to display color it doesn &#8217; t need internal light source thus it prolongs battery life -RRB- Also to mention , the battery life on M505 is really great , it last on the average of 3 weeks to 4 weeks . Try this on the Sony Clie 760-with MP3 it only last an hour SAD !!! Pocket PC also don &#8217; t last that long also . Its kind of hassle to charge your PDA every night like a Cell phone , if you &#8217; re always on the run .
 I was hesitant about upgrading from my IIIxe to the m505 because I 'd read so much about the dim display . My opinion is this
 I just upgraded from Vx to the m505 , and I 'm in awe . I 'm an avid Palm user , went from V to Vx , always wishing for a color Palm with the same form-factor . I tried the IIIc when it came out , but I just could n't get used to the size . As a ` power-user ' I consider 2 items of preeminent importance
 the M 505 is awsome !! I have one and it is fast you dont have to wait for it to to load or anything like that . i take it to school every day to write notes in and do my home work.it has lots of memory and it has no problem storing all my tons of information and games . the one problem that kept me from giving it 5 stars was that the color is not really bright like other palms pilots . the screen is colorful i mean this palm has 65,000 colors but they arent that bright . Even when you turn on the light it gets brighter but it drains the battery fast . despite the not very bright color on the screen I highly suggest buying this palm !! i love it !!
 The only thing that I dislike about the new Palm M505 is that the screen display is not bright enough . I realize that brightness takes away from battery longevity , but an adjustable brightness control would have been a great feature . Even with the backlighting enabled , the screen is tough to read . I have a Compaq Pocket PC and the brightness of that unit is great .
 I boought the M505 because of the color and the expansion capabilities . The color is not overwhelming , but the expansion capabilities are awesome . I use the M505 all day every day . The back lighting is superb . I love being able to download books from the internet.I 'm a little disappointed that the travel charger has n't shipped yet , though I 've had the M505 since it was new on the market.Unlike some other reviewers , I 've had only good service from the USB hot sync cradle.In fact , I 've had great service from the whole unit . In my opinion it 's fabulous , and I recommend the M505 to anyone who can use it 's impressibe capabilities .
 This is my first Palm , so I ca n't write intelligently about how it stacks up to all the previous models . I can say that I find it easy to use , simple to `` sync '' with my laptop , and entering data is quick and simple . I typically forget to read the instructions on how to do things , but have been able to figure it out without too much trouble . I wo n't give it 5 stars because that might indicate that I know what I 'm talking about . Also , the color is a bit overrated , but maybe with map software might be more useful than what I currently use my Palm for . All that being said , I 'm glad I bought it , and use it daily .
 After owning numerous other PDAs from Palm , Handspring and Compaq the m505 from Palm is by far the most useful PalmOS organizer . The screen is highly visible and legible in sunlight as well as office light -LRB- using the backlight indoors -RRB- . The expansion slot is fast and the expansion cards are CHEAP ! The battery life , MMC expansion slot and true PalmOS are it 's biggest assets . Even though I thought the Springboard slot was a big asset to me in my Handspring Visor , its incredibly poor screen -LRB- even the Prism is illegible in most light -RRB- , the high price of Springboard modules , low battery life with modules installed and the fact that I cracked many screens on my Visors , I would say the Palm 505 is by far the best Handheld PDA I 've used . The Compaq Ipaq is a beast , any familiar with it will know what I 'm talking about . There are over 10k apps for the Palm OS now.ps - Be aware that many of the nonPalm devices use a modified version of the PalmOS -LRB- ie Sony , TRG , & Handspring -RRB- and are usually not upgradable by the user . I had to replace my Visor deluxe because Handsprings PalmOS on the Visor deluxe could not support IPSEC and numerous applications I needed to use .
 I just received the 505 yesterday , and I am already in love with it ! I do n't understand what the fuss is about the color . No , it 's not nearly as bright as other color handhelds or pocket pc 's , but it 's still really good ! With the backlight on , I have no problems with the screen.This is the first pda I have owned , so I am very pleased with the fact that after an initial charge of the battery , -LRB- about an hour -RRB- , my palm was up and running . It runs really fast , looks slick , is super light , and feels good in your hand.I tried out several other pda 's and pocket pc 's before buying this one , -LRB- tried the handspring models , the compaq ipaq , the hp jornada -RRB- . It comes down to this
 I own m505 and its screen is surely dim . but i come to like it the more i use . Its kind of product you disappointed first but you love it later on . Not like japanese products or eye-candy-CE that catches your eye and pleases you first and you do n't like it much as you did first a few weeks
 I was also disappointed in a first time by the color screen -LRB- and I made a gift to my father of a monochrome palm 500 -RRB- . Subsequently I appreciated the possibility of saving power with monochrome application and enjoing color with games.Battery recharging takes really little time and if you synchronize data frequently you never care about battery -LRB- unless you play symcity the whole day -RRB- The number of free or shareware application I could find on the internet is huge
 Every one sayst that the color screen is to dim to see , but i can see it perfectly , or maybe they are tryng to say that it is too dim when its dark . I can see why they would say that !? Let me cut to the point . I can see the screen and its contents perfectly fine ! , it is fast , slim , like the visor edge , has 2 mb of flash mem . so it can run palm os 4.0 which it is already running , unlike the visor edge , and it is only .06 of an inch thick than the edge -LRB- which is not noticeble AT ALLL -RRB- , and its shorter making it more compact , it uses a 33mhz cpu just like the edge . There is only one bad thing about it , the memory takes a wile to load -LRB- I sue a 32meg viking comp which is a multimedia card which might be why it takes a wile to load , maybe the sd cards load faster ?? -RRB- As you can see there is just about nothing wrong with it -LRB- and if you where wondering , yes it does have 8mb of memory ! -RRB- .
 Overall I am thrilled with my Palm ! Purchased by my employer , I had mixed feelings about getting it ... the expense , what if I lose it ?! Worse yet ; after trying other traditional organizers such as Daytimer , Franklin Covey , etc. and never used them , what if I do n't use it ?! I was amazed at how quickly my skepticism melted away ; it is so convenient and easy to customize I do n't ever want to be without one ! Just think
 Hi , I just wanted to say that this is the best hand held that I have ever owned . Granted the screen is not that of a laptop , but it 's not supposed to be . And in response to the problem with the cradle , it is only a problem with the cradle , not the Palm itself . My experience with this Palm has been very positive .
 This unit does work with blackberrys -LRB- I have been using it for calls all week with great results -RRB- . I was worried about the unit because of other reviews , however I decided to bite the bullet and try it . I am glad I did , it works like a champ ! When using a Blackberry , it will not store your phone book , or allow voice dialing , or transfer music , etc , however I knew that going in . I just needed a unit to allow high quality hands free operation and be xm ready . I have been very happy with it.It took me about 2 hours to install it with xm radio adapter . I have a 2008 equinox and bought the harness and kit through Crutchfield.So if you have a blackberry , do n't get scared off of this one .
 I bought this as a Christmas present for my girlfriend . I really have no complaints so far . The two biggest features for me are iPod connectivity and blue tooth phone . Both work great , although I do not have experience with any other head unit to compare it to . The interface takes some learning , but we found using the remote makes it easier to browse through large artists lists from iPod while not being too distracted from the road.Bluetooh with a Razr phone was easy to setup and transfer contact list . We still have n't played with all of the features , but the basic functions work great.Overall , I am very happy with the decision .
 After reading other customer reviews I bought this unit for my wife and at the time she had a motorola phone . The unit worked great but I got a little nervous when she came home with a new LG AX8600 after reading about problems between this unit and LG phones . I was pleasantly surprised to learn this LG phone works great with this deck . Also the LG phone transmits the battery indicator and signal strength info to the deck but the Motorola would not . Now I just have to figure out how to `` press 1 for English '' or '' # and security code '' to check my voicemail through the Pioneer .
 I wanted a headunit that 1 -RRB- was iPod ready 2 -RRB- bluetooth enabled -LRB- or add-on available -RRB- 3 -RRB- best fm reception available . The Pioneer DEH-P7900 met all these requirements and more . Plus , when I found it on Amazon , it was almost $ 120 cheaper than any local dealers . According to one of the dealers the $ 298 price I paid was $ 4 cheaper than he can buy it wholesale . So along with the great deal I got from Amazon , I decide to just pay to have it installed . Took them about an hour to get everything setup and off I went . I immediately tried the bluetooth and was VERY impressed at clarity on my end and the person on the other end said it was completely clear even as I was driving down the road . The automatic features of being able to easily answer calls and iPod connections . VERY HAPPY !!!! Now a couple of semi-bad things . 1 -RRB- The complexity of the interface . I am going to have to read a little of the 150 page manual to figure everything out , but that is well worth the sleak elegant look and the totally cool functionality . 2 -RRB- I could not figure out which iPod cable to get , so of course I got the wrong one . The one you want is : Pioneer CD-iU50 iPod Connection Cable Connect your iPod to select Pioneer in-dash stereos . I wish they made this a little more clear .
 This headunit is the BEST !!! I wasnt sure at first if I wanted to throw down all the cash for it , but amazons price is way better than others . the stereo does everything it says , and more . i loved to get in my car while talking on the phone and it automatically switch into speakerphone through the stereo . the headunit definately has all the `` bells and whistles '' to make anyone 's jaw drop . it has everything . bluetooth , ipod , motorized faceplate , cool screen savers , awesome color , easy to use , etc.The included instructions were very easy to follow . it takes very little wiring experiance to figure it out and get it installed . I cant wait to hook up some amps so I can hear the headunit to its full potential . Great item overall , highly recommend .
 Ladies and Gentlemen of Amazon , I purchased and installed this unit just recently and have become enamored with it since ! Installation on my 98 ' Jetta was n't too bad when i purchased an car-specific harness adapter , and the sound quality is simply great . I purchased the iPod cable separately and the unit drives the iPod just wonderfully . I especially love that it pauses your song whenever you turn off your car and starts right back up where it left off when you turn it back on!The Bluetooth calling/phone feature is the best part of this unit . The sound quality on both ends is fantastic . People i talk to can hear me just fine , i can hear them great over my stereo , and there is no echo despite how loud i turn the volume up!The reason i wanted to post this review is because i finally got my Blackberry Curve -LRB- 8330 -RRB- to transfer over my entire phonebook . I did upgrade recently to OS 4.5 and apparently it works despite everyone here and every forum i read saying it could not be done ! Mostly likely the new OS 4.5 allowed it to work . It took a bit of tinkering ; once i had it set to transfer phonebook on the headunit , it disconnected my BBerry . However , i waited till it reconnected then went to bluetooth on the phone and sent my phonebook from the phone , and it received it all ! Joy ! Now i can dial straight from the stereo , and when someone calls it shows their name!Hope this helps ! I 've been struggling with the Blackberry transfer thing for quite some time ... i just ca n't let things rest . Having to manually enter phonenumber was n't something i was looking forward to . Hope this helps someone !!!!!
 I installed this in a 2006 TOY TACOMA DBL CAB.Here 's a head unit that gives you great options and performance!I purchased the P7900BT for the Bluetooth , expandablity for USB , AUX IN , IPOD , SAT RADIO ... if I want to add something later I can!Now , the Built-in-bluetooth is very sweet ! make sure after installation you hit the reset button on the front . The bluetooth picks up my Samsung U620 in about 10 seconds . It actually pleasantly surprised me when I was on the phone as I got into the car and it automatically transfered the call to the car speakers!BT MUSIC is another great option
 This is a great radio . I have had it for almost a year and it works great . easy to program . My only complain is when using the ipod with it , it is difficult to search for songs . All songs are listed alphabetically by song or artist . so you basically have to listen to the ipod song by song unless u make small playlists for yourself . Besides that , very practical .
 I bought this CD player because I really wanted an iPod compatible CD player and the Bluetooth capabilities was a nice bonus . I bought the wiring harness and iPod cable as well and had a local car audio shop install it because it was a little too advanced for me . The microphone for the Bluetooth is mounted right by my visor . I have a 2005 Honda Civic and a Palm Treo and it works great together . My main complaint however is with the iPod stuff - it works great with my 5th gen iPod video , but it does n't save your spot when you are browsing by artist . I kind of wish you could use the iPod to browse . Quick fix is to create well thought out playlists and browse quickly that way . I also can not get my phonebook over to the CD player memory but I have n't messed with it that much.Overall - very good CD player especially for the money .
 I have this unit and love it ! I work outside and am in and out of my truck -LRB- stationary -RRB- for anywhere from 12 to 18 hours a day . I have my phone connected via BT which displays the signal and phone numbers if someone calls . Also mutes Ipod , radio or XM if call comes in . When on location I am able to connect via BT Audio with my computer keeping my phone connection . Little tricky first you have to connect the computers BT and pair then the phone . -LRB- usually have to repair phone and choose forget device for this to work -RRB- Anyway I 'm looking at the new units and have sent my question as to whether there BT connect on newer models the same way with both options available . We 'll see ! If not I 'll be looking else where , although I 'd hate to give up the excellent quality of Pioneer.P.S . When I watch movies they come through as good if not better than my home surround sound playing off my computer . Same goes for any wma , mpeg , mp3 , or Itunes . I also have a wireless router with an air card that keeps my phone and my computer connected all the time . quite an awesome setup it I do say myself .
 Pioneer Car DEHP7900BT In-Dash CD/MP3/WMA / WAV/iTunes AAC Receiver with Bluetooth Wireless TechnologyThis head unit is all the product description says it is and more!I 've been able to connect 2 phones at one time -LRB- Sony Ericsson W902 Volcanic Black -LRB- unlocked -RRB- and Blackberry 8100 Pearl GSM Cell Phone Brand New in Box UNLOCKED + Free Car Charger -RRB- You can connect up to 3 phones at a time actually.I 've also been able to play the mp3 's stored on my phone via Bluetooth!The only negative for me is the fact that the USB port is located on the back of the unit -LRB- that 's why I took off 1 star -RRB- . All in all this is a great buy and the price offered on Amazon is unbeatable .
 I was probably one of the first people to buy this unit -LRB- as soon as Best Buy had it a couple of years ago -RRB- and I still love it . The main reason I wanted it was because I had the Insignia bluetooth MP3 player and this was one of the first decks that supported bluetooth audio right out of the box . I worked at Best Buy at the time so I had them install it , but I added the GEX-P920XM XM tuner about a year ago and I just added the GEX-P10HD HD tuner without a problem.I bought this deck right before HD radio hit the scene and even though it does n't advertise that it 's HD compatible , it is . If you 're worried about buying a deck that may become obsolete right after getting it , you wo n't have to worry about that with this unit .
 Product was exactly as described . Works great and it has really enhanced my music in my car coming from stock ! Highly suggested radio . Pioneer is GREAT with electronics , and Amazon is GREAT with helping to buy them !!
 Had Best Buy install my stereo a couple days after I received it . It took them about 30 minutes and I 've been loving it ever since . As for the hands-free ... I surly like not having to search for my cell phone when it rings . With the remote , with one push of a button you are connected . And talk about crystal clear , it is . I was worried about how good the reception would be because everyone claims their product is the best , but I truly was not disappointed . As for the stereo ... Pioneer speaks for itself . Great product , Great Price .
 It works great ! It automatically links to my BlackBerry 8330 when I turn my car on and goes back to the handset when I turn it off . I also use it with my Samsung Trace . It will only let you connect one at a time , but it works great with both . I still ca n't get the phone book transfer to work quite right , but it could be error on my part.My main reason for purchasing the deck was to connect my iPod . It works great and sounds amazing ! The only thing pioneer could have done different is let you scroll by Alphabet letters to get through artists , or songs , because if you have a lot on you iPod it takes a while to scroll to anything in the middle . And the other thing they could have done is put the wheel on the right side of the screen so you can see what you are scrolling through . It 's the best deck of its kind I 've seen and heard .
 Plug in to your laptop or video player and read your CF from any PCMCIA
 The product operates exactly as advertised . I can now add up to 4 additional drives to my system as a result of getting this product -- note that I already had 4 drives , and I needed to add an additional one . I have only added one so far , but because it has it 's own BIOS , you can add a master and slave IDE drive on each channel , and it has 2 channels -- primary and secondary -- just like the PC mother board . So ... if you have enough power supply connections , you can have upto 8 drives after you have installed this 4-drive add-on board.NOTE
 While not a RAID controller and not designed for SATA or Optical drives , this controller is ideal for adding hard drives of any size to any system . -LRB- especially adding drives larger than 120gb to pre-XP systems -RRB- I own four for different systems and they 've always been the highest quality . For what it 's designed for , it 's ideal .
 I just wanted to agree with another reviewer - my optical cable firmly snapped into place and it would not fall out unless physically removed . It feels very sturdy and was actually a little bigger than I thought it was going to be , which was a good thing.I 'm happy to have discovered this adapter , as I am now able to use my laptop as my home media pc with my projector and use this for my audio ! W00t .
 I have a Xfi with a different optical connector than the one found on TVs , consoles , etc. . I ordered this not only as an adapter but also to serve as a right angle adapter . I coulda bought a toslink to regular optical cable but it wouldnt have been right angle and this was cheaper anyway .
 This is so cool and such a great value . I 'm using it to send digital audio from my MAC to my amp for Netflix online movies . Works great !
 Item arrived well packaged , on time and as described in the item description . Great quality and can easily recommend to others .
 It does just what it 's supposed to
 Item was quality and arrived in perfect condition . No problem with shipping . Optical adapter works perfect on my E17 FiiO . Better than going straight in . Happy with my order .
 These work . However , you need to break in a brand new one . I find , when I get these new , I need to wipe the tip of the male end to clear it up a little bit before it will make a working optical connection . There seems to be some cloudiness on the tip of the male end that keeps the connection from working at first . Sometimes there will even be some excess plastic on the tip of the male end that you need to break off with a knife or razor.But hey , at $ 2 and free shipping , the price is right . Once I get it clean and going , they work no problem . I have n't had one wear out yet , I 've used them every day for over a year .
 This is the first time I 've ever reviewed anything because I normally do n't bother , but I felt I should go out of my way to do it because the reviewer who said it does n't fit tight is incorrect . When I first plugged it in I worried because I thought it was loose and I had that negative review in the back of my head ... then I pushed it tight and it snapped into place ... real tight . There is no issue at all and the right angle is great . I use my laptop for music all the time and it 's fantastic . The only complaint I have has nothing to do with the product ... my complaint is that the product was inexpensive but the shipping was marked up 500 % more than the actual product . Really ? It 's still inexpensive in the end -LRB- compared to big box stores -RRB- and I 'm not complaining about the total price , but it 's an annoying marketing practice that bugs me . Seller might want to re-think that . Peace - Andrew in NYC
 I think the seller should have made it clear that its an Optical female to 3.5 mm mini `` Optical '' adaptor . I thought it adpted the Digital optical cable to 3.5 mm analog plug . Since I cant use it in that capacity - I cant vouch for how efficient it works . I am giving it 4 stars because - well - Im assuming it will work fine for what its intended for . The adaptor was sent out promptly and arrived in great condition .
 This system is an unbeliveable upgrade to your crappy home theatre system . Each of those little speakers can go up to 100 watts of power handling . Although small , they are probably louder than your bookshelf speaker , although these would not be nearly anything without the sub . The sub can handle very very high amounts of bass , this is the best sub you will see . This is the best speaker system of all time , this is half off right now , the price is normally double , do n't miss your chance , I know I did n't .
 I had an extra 10gb hard drive sitting on my self and didnt want to throw it away . So with a little research i came across this enclosure from Macally . Installation was very quick , roughly 5 minutes , -LRB- depending on your skills with a screwdriver -RRB- plug in the two cables onto the back of the hard-drive , screw the HD onto the frame of case , screw the metal cover , and you are good to go.The enclosure come with a small fan , which is very quiet . I also have a LaCie brand of external firwire HD and the Macally casing is much quieter than that.I did testing on transfering 2-3gb of data , as I had just returned a cheaper enclosure . And the Macally enclosure did not freeze up as the other CompUSA brand of case did -LRB- with the same HD in it -RRB- So if you have an extra HD u recently took out of your comp , have firewire , and dont know what to do with it , this case is definately a good puchase . I needed a small quiet reliable case and this has worked for me flawlessly for me . Maybe later when i upgrade my comps 's HD again i 'll replace the HD i currently have on this Macally case . good luck -- that was my review in OCT 2002 , it is now August 2003 and this little case has not failed me since . I have done some major transfering in that time . more than 8 gig 's at a time and the case has not failed yet .
 FAST is the word ! This is precisely what I wanted . I needed to secure data on a ` server ' that was also being used as a main computer system . I did not want it slowed down AND I wanted to secure my data.After reading extensively on the internet , I decided on this card and using acceleration as well as disk mirroring . RAID 0 +1 It works!However , beware
 I was looking for a way to protect my PC 's data when the inevitable hard drive crash comes . And this was the perfect solution for me . I did n't know anything about mirroring a week ago , so I asked a question about it in a newsgroup . Someone suggested getting a RAID card . A little reserach turned up this one . It was easy to install , and relatively easy for a non-techie like myself to configure with my particular PC . I called Promise Technology 's telephone support twice during installation and their response was outstanding . Very helpful and right on target . Highly recommend !
 This was excatly what I needed for my wife 's system which uses the older PATA HDD 's . Easly installed and configured . Be aware though that the best way to go will be the 0 +1 configuration . Also , when first powered up the computer will wake up slower . In spite of this NOW is the time to get one , and perhaps a spare as well .
 Works well with 2 160G Western Digital Drives in FreeBSD 5.4 in RAID1 .
 Have you got a FireWire device - a FireWire Video Camera , a musical instument , a FireWire DVD/CD Burner , any FireWire device - but it 's not close enough to the FireWire port on your Mac or PC ? This Macally FireWire Extender provides a 60 inch extension FireWire cable and a power supply to provide adaquate power the the device you are plugging into.I 've used it with a Canon DV Camcorder , an iSight and an external DVD Burner . It work great !
 The product was received on time and works great . i would recommend this product and seller and would use in the future . i thought it was going to difficult to find this producte , but not a problem .
 Replacement mouse for older Macintosh computer are getting hard to find . This particular mouse is no longer listed on Macally 's site . The Macally mouse is very durable and operates smoothly .
 I like this Macally ADB mouse better than any of the original Apple ADB mice I 've used - primarily because the Macally mouse `` click '' seems a little bit quieter than the Apple-brand ADB mice , which is good , although it 's still not as quiet as my other computer 's mouse -LRB- old Dell -RRB- . As far as replacement Mac ADB mice , I very much like the fact that this Macally mouse does NOT have any annoying and distracting red lights underneath , unlike a different brand of non-Apple ADB replacement mouse that I 'd tried previously - the Macally mouse just has the regular ol' roller-ball thingie , and although it 's an old technology , it 's also a tried-and-true technology which works fine as long as you remember to clean it once in a while.Also , the Macally cord is flexible enough to allow for easy mouse movement without having to fight with it , again UNlike that other non-Apple replacement brand I 'd tried.You do n't need any special software to use this mouse . Just turn the Mac off , plug in the mouse , turn the Mac on , and you 're good to go . -LRB- Despite some manufacturers ' advice to the contrary , I personally do * not * hot-swap ADB devices on old Macs - I always shut things off first - maybe I 'm just overly cautious -RRB- To sum up
 an excellent product.i will be glad to buy another one that fit my old G3 mac.Isaac
 This mouse works just as well -LRB- or better -RRB- as the Apple Mouse that I had , that came with this older iMac computer . It connected and was in use in seconds . This one is for the kids games and they have no problems with using it . The cord is nice and long and I do n't worry that they will be pulling it out at the mouse . I was thrilled to find a new product that would work with this older computer . I was n't sure I would find something that could connect as easy without buying some special adapter cord or something . We are very happy with it .
 This mouse has such an amazing design that it fits perfectly to my hand . Clicking and dragging motion is very smooth without any tention in my hand and arm because of its cleaver design . I love it .
 I have an older Mac and its very hard to find anything -LCB- resonablypriced -RCB- that has adb until i found Office Depot -LCB- price was great -RCB- thru Amazon and i love this mouse it works great . some day i wish Apple or some one would invet a cordless with adb connection
 I was going in circles for about 2 weeks comparing MP3 Players because I run and am so tired of burning CD 's and holding the CD Player so it wo n't skip while running . This baby has an equalizer with presets -LRB- `` Rock '' is the best and most vivid setting . -RRB- It 's a little tricky at first `` if you do n't like to read directions '' , but after fooling with it I decided to pick up the manual and read it . So now operation is very simple and I am happy.This also has voice recording and file storage as well . You will be pleased.If you use Napster , keep in mind that Napster will not recognize this as a device . You can try using the Real Player software that comes with it , but I 'll save you a lot of time and tell you to just open your Windows Media Player . It 's very easy to scan your My Music folder and Copy your tracks this way.Rock on ! -- Mom of 3 --
 Forget the analog headset that comes with your VR software . Voice recognition is best achieved with a digital microphone . The Telex H-841 USB digital headset is the best one I found in its price category . Compared to analog Microphone headsets I could say there was at least a 90 % improvement.Please note this is not a stereo headset -LRB- not for CD music -RRB- , and also it does not work well with gaming . But for speech recognition applications it is a wonderful tool .
 I purchased this headset about a year ago . Anyone who uses a headset on a regular basis knows that most reasonably priced headsets are not so reasonably durable . This headset , however , is well-made and has stood the test of time for me.The headpiece is rubbery soft and adjustable . The earpieces are extremely comfortable , do not cause uncomfortable pressure on the ears , and provide clear-as-a-bell sound quality . The mic allows 2-way adjustment . It can be moved horizontally and vertically to allow the best position for speech reception and comfortability.I have used this headset to communicate with friends and family over the internet through voice-enabled -LRB- VOIP -RRB- messenger services such as MSN Messenger . Those individuals reported they could hear me just as clear as if we were talking to one another on the telephone.The manufacturer provides added convenience to this headset by including a USB adapter . This eliminates the need to unplug your computer speakers in order to plug in the headset.Also , the headset cord is lengthy enough for those who need the ability to stand up and move around their desk space.I am please to say that out of the many headsets I 've used , this one is the best performing , most comfortable , & most durable.I 'd even go so far as to say that it is of higher overall quality than other name-brand headsets that cost much more . The Telex H-841 USB Digital Computer Headset is a true bargain at this price .
 I support and install internet telephony solutions for a broad range of business customers . I have tried many headphone solutions . This is by far the best headset I have ever used . My customers all report 5 star feedback as well.The sound is crisp and clean ... Suprisingly rich audio.The microphone is crystal clear to those listening on the other end . I would recommend this headset to anyone that needs professional quality . And the price is great too!Thanks Amazon !
 This is a great little headset ! It is light and comfortable , which are two very important factors if you plan to use it for long stretches of time . More importantly , the microphone delivers excellent sound quality for both voice recognition and for voice recording , such as for narrating presentations or movies . The microphone is quite directional ; you can have music going at a reasonable level in the room , and the microphone will pick up your voice with no problem . This headset is a great value.If you are looking for a good headset at a good price , this is the one !
 I purchased this headset about a year ago . Anyone who uses a headset on a regular basis knows that most reasonably priced headsets are not so reasonably durable . This headset , however , is well-made and has stood the test of time for me.The headpiece is rubbery soft and adjustable . The earpieces are extremely comfortable , do not cause uncomfortable pressure on the ears , and provide clear-as-a-bell sound quality . The mic allows 2-way adjustment . It can be moved horizontally and vertically to allow the best position for speech reception and comfortability.I have used this headset to communicate with friends and family over the internet through voice-enabled -LRB- VOIP -RRB- messenger services such as MSN Messenger . Those individuals reported they could hear me just as clear as if we were talking to one another on the telephone.The manufacturer provides added convenience to this headset by including a USB adapter . This eliminates the need to unplug your computer speakers in order to plug in the headset.Also , the headset cord is lengthy enough for those who need the ability to stand up and move around their desk space.I am please to say that out of the many headsets I 've used , this one is the best performing , most comfortable , & most durable.I 'd even go so far as to say that it is of higher overall quality than other name-brand headsets that cost much more . The Telex H-841 USB Digital Computer Headset is a true bargain at this price .
 As the other reviews indicate , this is a high quality headset . It 's lightweight , durable and has excellent sound - been using it with Skype . It also worked instantly with my Macintosh -LRB- OSX -RRB- without installing any drivers .
 After using a variety of PC headsets , finally I was extremely pleased with the qaulity of this product . TELEX is the best in its price category and qaulity . Certainly this piece of equipment does not CD quality speakers . But then again when you buy a high performance sports car , you sacrafice comfort for speed . If you want great stero headsets then use another product . These headsets are designed for high performance voice recognition . In addition , if you are planning to use Voice Over Internet Protocol -LRB- VoIP -RRB- communications then your associates in the VoIP conference will be very impressed with the sound qaulity transmitted accross the net .
 I bought this Mouse a few years ago and it worked very well , this optical version is much lighter than the wheel version , has the same functions at the same price and it works smoothly . Both versions were good for something like 3 years , then the buttons started to have problems.I think the product is worth the price , but now you can find many other options out there .
 I do n't have much to add to the previous two reviews.What else is notable ? I 've been using this mouse for 3 years now . I swap it between my Mac at home and HP laptop on the road , so I put it through a lot . Only now has one of the pads on the mouse 's belly worn off , so it doesn ' slide around quite as easily . Everything else has exceeded what I 'd expect from an optical scroll mouse for under 20 $ . Highly recommended .
 I had one of this and I bought other because this is one of the best mouse on market , I liked very much and also at good price , worth a try .
 Macally USB Optical Scroll Mouse for Desktop/portable MacI am using it NOW ! I bought these to replace one I had for years . It 's very smooth and as an artist drawing on a computer that is very important .
 This is I believe the fourth MacAlly product I have owned , and this is by far my favorite . I absolutely hated the Apple mouse that came with my iMac , finding it to be too large and heavy , even with my relatively big hands . So , based upon experience with previous MacAlly mouses , I bought the Optical Scroll Jr. . Mouse , and fell in love with it the moment I plugged it in and began to use it.This mouse is tiny and lightweight , making it easy to maneuver this mouse even in a small confined area . The two `` main '' buttons are programmable , providing an advantage over the Apple mouse that came with the iMacs shipping in Fall 2000 . There is also a front-center scrolling wheel , which can be useful depending upon one 's working habits.Since the iMacs of the time came available in one of five `` flavors , '' a colored shield can be affixed to the top of this mouse to match , creating a color-coordinated system.Overall , this is an excellent mouse . Small children could easily use this mouse without much hassle due to its size and -LRB- lack of -RRB- weight . The cord is also extremely long , allowing it to be directly connected to a computer several feet away with still enough cord remaining to provide great maneuverability .
 I 've tried out many mice and trackballs , and this is the best , both in terms of quality and price . Perfectly contoured , you need only wiggle your fingers to operate it , so your hand always remains in a natural , relaxed position . And it 's a real speed demon
 I took a gamble on the QBall at a third the price of a Kensington Expert Mouse and it 's paid off well . I have no doubt that the Expert Mouse is better , but this is a well-designed and well-built optical trackball which I intend to use for quite some time . Please note that while the company 's named MacAlly , this is a nice standard USB interface . I 'm using it in Windows and GNU/Linux . The most noticeable difference between the QBall and other optical trackballs is in its ball . Optical trackers get confused when they see patterns , and most trackballs have a carefully designed chaotic print on the ball . Macally takes the less labor-intensive route of embedding glitter specks in the slightly translucent ball . They also , for some reason , made the ball ... pastel fuchsia . Along with the glitter , the color 's going to be a sticking point for appearance-conscious users , especially when the ball moves and half of it 's lit up magenta by a cosmetic LED.Appearances aside , the ball works well . It 's decent sized , operated by the fingertips -LRB- not the thumb or the lower finger joints -RRB- , and rotates smoothly on three steel wheels . Without the drag of an optomechanical pickup the pointer is `` throwable '' , though not to the same extent as the heavier ball in the Expert Mouse . Users elsewhere have reported that the sensor polls too slowly and `` slips '' at high speeds . I 've found this to be true , but only at very high speeds indeed . If you find you ca n't throw the pointer as far as you like , you should really turn your sensitivity up first ; this ball has sufficient low-end precision and ergonomics to accommodate a high sensitivity setting . I consider myself a gamer and a power user , and I 've found plenty of room for the response band I need to get around quickly.Onwards to the buttons . The QBall has five buttons , counting the clickable scrollwheel . The scrollwheel and two buttons are operated by the thumb , with the other two picked up -LRB- in my hand , at least -RRB- by the ring finger and/or pinky . Working the scrollwheel with the thumb is definitely disorienting at first - especially since the wheel 's wisely placed away from the thumb 's rest position - but once learned it does work . The roller is very large and rubberized with very authoritative clicks and notches to accommodate the lesser precision and sensitivity available to the thumb . I might worry about the tendon ergonomics of long-range scrolling with it , but then long-range scrolling is rough on a finger wheel too . With any trackball , I recommend learning to wheel-click and use most programs ' built-in analog autoscroll function for prolonged scrolling . If I were changing the product , I 'd actually change this to a clickable rocker switch , but that 's my preference on mice in general.The buttons are very large , with curved raised surfaces to help locate them by their edges . The button travel is rather high and the resistance low compared to most mice , but the click comes early in the stroke and is very detectable so the rest of the travel is just follow-through . Odd , but hey , maybe it 's good for you or something . It works well , does n't slow down subsequent clicks , and the resistance is high enough that I have never made an accidental click , which is the important thing.The button layout is slightly more of a mixed bag . Instead of the normal side-by-side arrangement , the two pairs of main buttons are arranged fore-and-aft . The left-click is assigned to the thumb tip , the fourth button to the thumb pad . Again , this introduces a fairly easy learning process , but I do n't see as much necessity behind it as the wheel positioning . The right-click takes the tip of the ring finger , with the fifth button sitting behind and slightly beside it . The fifth button is activated by either a sideways reach with the lower joints of the ring , or by the tip of a rather curled pinky . Make no mistake
 I 've had this trackball for over 5 years now and it is really quite nice . Still going strong . When you put your hand around this , you can just tell it is `` right '' . The tracking of the trackball is very smooth . I might clean out the ball area once a year if that . The scroll wheel is in the most perfect place imaginable . Once you get used to a product like this , it 's really tough to ` enjoy ' using a conventional mouse again . I use this mouse under Mac OS X as well as linux . It 's never been a problem . The USB cord is super long too . I wish they 'd bring this product back . There really is nothing on the market today like it . Fits on my keyboard tray with room to spare .
 After trying many trackballs except those costing more than a kidney , I found the Qball and after 5 years use , it is still going strong . I have to confess I mostly use just the ball and the single button like I would an Apple mouse -- that is just out of habit , though , not because the others do n't work . This trackball fits my hand like a glove and tracks well for my uses with some illustration and photoshop work and a lot of writing . I liked it so much that a bought a few more for other computers in my workplace and then purchased 2 more when they were being closed out . If I were a poet or a bard , I 'd write an ode to the Qball . Itstead , I 'll just continue to enjoy using it until it no longer functions , then take one of my reserves out of its packaging and use it the same way . I 've only got 25 years to retirement and I 'm hoping I can make 'em last that long . So far so good .
 I do n't think they make this trackball anymore . It 's a shame as i love the way it fits in my hand . Very comfortable .
 Got exactly what I ordered came 4 days after I ordered them so far the disc I have used work fine both on data and lightscribe side ... Will order again once I run out using lightscribe is fun and they make nice and simple gifts ...
 So far I 've burned and labeled most of a 25 cd pack . They all work in both cars -LRB- Pioneer in one & a 6-cd indash changer * very finicky * in the other -RRB- , in the computer -LRB- HP -RRB- , on the house stereo -LRB- Denon -RRB- ... no problems with playback ... even with up to 16 songs . I did find an upgrade for the Lightscribe technology that darkens the images on the label , which looks better . I 've even used it with imported pictures , and they look very slick . I 'd like to see a multi-pack tho with a mix of colors & larger quantities .
 I recently bought these discs to put my picures on for my children . I put a picture on the disc of the person that the disc represents . I had no problem whatsoever with the pictures on the discs . I am really enjoying them and have purchased two more packages to use . I highly recommend these . I have seen reviews that were n't as possitive but they were using them as music cds . For pictures they are great
 These discs are great ! Just got a new computer at home and experimented with the disks . You can create some awesome CD 's with this product . When I showed my friends they could n't believe you could make something like that .
 The lightscribe discs work fine . You have to turn them over in the cd/dvd burner in order to burn the correct side . If you burn the disc data side with the lightscribe info , then it aint gon na work .
 Much more fun than printing labels , and cheaper too ! Impress all your friends with LightScribe .
 Love these CD-Rs ! They work well and do everything I need . Do n't hesitate to buy these for your own needs .
 Great product , works perfectly . I particularly like the LightScribe so I can prin directly on the CDs . I recoommend to anyone who is considering buying a LightScribe CD .
 Luckily I have n't had the problems some reviewers here have had . I bought several of these and after burning over 100 I have n't had any problems . I usually get at least one or two per 50 . I suspect the bad cds are in the same batches.I 'm really very happy with these Sony CD-Rs . They were on sale at an extremely low price at Office Max and have held up very well indeed . After reading some of these reviews I 'd buy one 50 pack to test . If you have a good pack the rest are probably from the same batch .
 based on my own experience , I used all the 50 CD-R , no single problem at all . Sometime problem maybe related to your CD-R burner or software .
 I just wanted to state that individual burning software varies and you can mess up the recording through no fault of the cd 's . I just wanted to jump in here in to just say that I too have had issues recording say music and then it not playing on my cd player.If you set it to `` mastered '' -LRB- I 'm on Windows here -RRB- instead of `` live recording '' it will be readable on all computers , players etc whereas if you set it to the other one , it will only be readable on certain formats and only from a specific year or OSI seem to run into issues with playback - I do n't know why but apparently there are like 3 or 4 different ways/programs on my computer where I can burn a disc , which came with it as I have n't downloaded any of them . It 's bizarre . Not only that but the `` easy '' one is the one I have the most issues with . Depending on which one I use sets whether or not it works.I realize it 's not ALL user related and everyone is not technologically retarded , but in my case it has been sometimes so I just thought I would share in case it helps someone .
 I 'm only writing this review for a couple reasons ... One is to balance the negative reviews and shed some light on CD-Rs , but first to clarify an issue that had me concerned.I have used Sony CD-Rs for years with no issues . Pretty close to 100 % success , so I was concerned when I saw these RED & BLACK packages when I was used to the YELLOW wrappers . I checked on the reviews on Amazon and read all the negative points , I thought maybe Sony had changed their CD-Rs . Well , I 'm happy to say , they just changed their packaging . The CD-Rs inside appear exactly the same and perform just as well . So if your questioning if these are the same Sony CD-Rs you 've been using all along , they are ... I just burned music on 5 discs in a row without a single reject.Now , I have a thought as to why there are so many negative reviews . When I bought a DVD recorder to add to my TV and VCR , I remember reading that they recommended certain DVD-R manufacturer 's for recording . Not all manufacturer 's worked for all DVD recorders . I 've been using Sony CD-Rs for several years now in MY burner with darn near 100 % success . The music I burned back in 2004 sounds as good as the discs I 've burned yesterday . And yet , I tried a couple other CD-R manufacturers in the past with about a 60 % success rate . I 've tried Maxell , Staples , Maxwell and some others . None worked as well as Sony . Many of these manufacturers have been rated very high by the same reviewers that are hating on the Sonys . Could it be Maxell works better in THEIR brand of CD burner ? I think so . My suggestion , stick with the name brands . When you try a name brand for the first time , buy in small quantity . Once you learn of a brand or two that works , STICK WITH them . I love to bargain hunt as much as the next guy , but I ca n't afford the $ $ and time to mess with reject CD-Rs . Now I only buy Sony , not because I 'm a Sony homer , but just because they are the only brand that works consistently FOR ME , IN MY BURNER . It may not work as well for you , but they are worth a try .
 I use these all the time to burn music from my itunes library.I 've had about 1 bad CD in the last 500 . I do n't trust anything else.These CD 's are bomb proof .
 I 've used about 50 cd 's out of my spindle . No problems , very smooth and clear . I use my CD-R to make back-up music CD 's to play in my car and so far everything is perfect . I 've used other brands this one is the best so far . I occasionally sell this product online ; I would n't sell something that would cause more work , trying to sell , than the worth .
 I bought this 50 pack of Sony CD-Rs a few months back . I 'm new to CD-R burning and am making my own audio discs now . -LRB- Using a high-end turntable to get my old vinyl albums transferred to CDs . -RRB- These Sony CDs are great ! No problems at all .
 I have used this product to record record/cassette songs . I have also burned MPEG1 videos -LRB- one hour episodes of various shows -RRB- . I have never had any problems burning either music or videos -LRB- using DVD + / - burner -RRB- . The videos can be played on any computer -LRB- I have a Sony Vaio from 1997 running under Windows 98 , with Media Player 6.0 that plays the videos OK -RRB- . This is a great way to build a digital video library - the MPEG1 can later be converted to DVDs.I now have a digital video library containing various TV series and episodes . Now , when -LRB- and if -RRB- these TV series go to DVD , I 'll purchases ; but until then , I have these.So , you do n't have to wait for the shows to come out on DVD - create your own MPEG1 videos !!! NOTE
 I use Nero 5.5 and 6 Ultra to burn VCD 's with these disks and they have worked great for me . I have not had a single disk-related error and the picture quality is excellent .
 I have never had any problems with my Sony CD-Rs . In fact years ago I switched to Sony after having so many problems with other brands -- and I have tried most of them . I got tired of burning a CD only to discover it was unreadable and had to trash it . I used to have about a 50-75 % success rate burning CDs until I switched to Sony . There was one brand -LRB- in-house computer store brand -RRB- that was so bad I finally just threw out the remaining spindle full of blank CD-Rs because they were so full of defects.Obviously , I can not discount what others are saying about their experience but my experience with Sony has been exemplary . It does makes me nervous to read about data becoming unreadable over time but so far so good with mine . I have Sony CDs I burned years ago that play just as good as the day I burned them -- and I do n't always take the best of care with them either.Based on my experience , I 'll probably stick with Sony because Sony is truly the only brand I have not had any problems with . Although , I do seem to remember that Memorex performed fairly well also.I will definitely take the negative reviews to heart . Now that I have read about the possibility of data loss over time with Sony CD-Rs , I will invest in that 500 GB external drive I 've had my eye on . I can then store a back-up all of my data and it will be available in the event I need to burn another copy of a CD down the road.UPDATE : With the negative reviews for Sony CD-Rs in the back of my mind , when I saw Memorex CD-Rs were on sale I decided to give them a try again . Boy , I should have listened to myself when I said I was going to stick with Sony . Not one of the Memorex CD-Rs would burn . I went through about 5 in a row . Not one ! The minute I pop a Sony disk in , it burned as smooth as butter . Immediately thereafter , I dumped the brand new Memorex spindle with the remaining 45 blank CDs in the trash -LRB- Deja Vu , all over again -RRB- . That 's it for me . I will never deviate from what I know to be true again . For all I know Memorex reps could be writing those bad reviews of Sony . LOL ! Sony has been infallible for me and with Sony I shall always remain .
 i just finished my sony 50 CD-R spindle.NO ANY KIND OF PROBLEM with any single piece of SONY CD-R . excellent performance . i highly recomended this product.thanks SONY .
 I have three computers
 CD-Rs are a much needed thing for me . Even if I still have my music on an iPod , I still have a lot of documents in my computer . I definitely have a big enough hard drive to store all of my weird documents and online-schooling and such . But sometimes I have to go to the library or use a different computer or so on . I prefer using CD-Rs rather than a jumpdrive because they are easy to forget and do n't store a very large amount -- which I believe it should for the price you are paying for those things . CD-Rs are less costly and I do n't need many , just a few that basically `` just work '' . And these Sony CD-Rs do just that!Whenever I 'm shopping for CD-Rs I look to see what is most inexpensive from a reliable brand . I have had most luck from CD-Rs from Sony , Maxell , and Philips -- all three which are decent manufacturers . TDK 's never seem to burn at the speed they advertise . Imation 's just seem to be coasters . And on Memorex CD-Rs the paint always seem to chip off just months after use . So I try searching for those three brands . And almost everytime Sony 's are always on sale way below the list price . I do n't really need jewel cases either since I have no desire to keep my old documents -- at least those that date back months ago . And jewel cases seem to be much more inexpensive when I do n't buy them with the CD-Rs . I suppose companies add them to your CD-Rs so you find them a `` value '' . Using Sony CD-Rs are easy . I just do like I do with any CD-R , burn my files through Nero . I wo n't say these are completely burn free , but even the great Maxell has a couple mess-ups every once in awhile . But whether I 'm burning music -LRB- for whatever reason since I now have an iPod -RRB- or burning important documents , these CD-Rs are very trusty with very little burn errors . Maxell is slightly more reliable than these , but for the price I ca n't see how you can go wrong.These CD-Rs also seem to last fairly long for me . I have a couple discs dating back to early 2004 that are seeing some minor scratch on the top of the disc , but it 's certainly nothing unusable . Some discs dating back then are actually in pretty good condition compared to my TDK and Imaton discs . Some reviewers complain about data-loss after a year or so after burning , but I have yet to notice this . All of my CD-Rs from Sony seem to play fine in any CD player I use and my computer whatever the age of the disc . The bottom of the disc does n't scratch as easily as other brands but collects fingerprints fairly well , which is again why I like using jewel cases . Also , the CD-Rs are very clean-cut , meaning they have lots of room to write on.Overall , these Sony CD-Rs work just fine for me . They do n't show many burn errors and last a good long time , plus have the Sony name . They are n't quite as good as Maxell CD-Rs , but get the job done at a cheaper price . In general , a good `` gets the job done without spending tons '' CD-R . 4 stars .
 I have boycotted all Sony products in my home since the release of the PS3 . These are the only exception . I have been using Sony 700MB CD-R 's since I started burning and I am on my second 50 disc spindle . I buy them from Target . I have 2 failures . They burn as I would expect them to . Flawless .
 i just finished my sony 50 CD-R spindle.NO ANY KIND OF PROBLEM with any single piece of SONY CD-R . excellent performance . i highly recomended this product.thanks SONY .
 Ca n't understand what all the whining is about . I bought a spindle of Memorex Blanks and have had two bad burns so far and I was barley into the Rack . I use WINAMP PRO to burn in MP3 Format at a Bitrate of 256 kbps . These Sony Blanks have been perfect so far . I set the spindle of Memorex Blanks and the spindle of Sony Blanks next to each other , if you look at the color of the Discs from the side , the Sony Blanks just look like they are of better quality -LRB- Deeper Color -RRB- I highly recommend these . There are better Blanks out there of course . Let 's face it , you get what you pay for . High-end single Blanks can cost you over a dollar each !!!!
 Lets face it , you want discs and you need them quickly for a low cost . Well I came across these sony cd-r 's and they have shown 100 % success so far . The main reason why i bought these was because i like to use them for my Sega Dreamcast . So far , every burn has been successful and high quality . Also , i did n't know that discs were different colors , as in the labels are colored rather than white -LRB- which does n't really matter to me , but it was a nice touch -RRB- The thing you have to make sure is that you are burning your discs at the lowest speeds , because high speed burning will cause failures and bad burns which equals more coasters :-LRB- . So 1 -RRB- Make sure your burner is compatible2 -RRB- Make sure you are burning at low speeds3 -RRB- Make sure you are using good software like Nero or Alcohol 120 % All in all if you are looking for cheap CD-Rs , these are the perfect choice .
 Great product , great price , as good as the OEM bulb . Got here quick , what else could you ask for ? I 'll recommend Electrified to anyone !
 The bulb on our tv burnt out on Father 's Day morning ! Bad timing ... but we ordered on a sunday and received it on Wednedsay ! Very happy with the FAST shipping and excellent product we recieved ... good service with great instructions . Very happy with this purchace and seller and will definitely use them again !
 After much research into the Epson R2400 & R1800 , I got the 2400 . I am absolutely impressed with the quality of pictures ! It does a phenominal job . I have two other epson printers , one is the much older 800 which I took to work & am still using . The other is the R200 that I use for general printing & printing on my cd 's & dvd 's . I had a canon 9900 & I90 before . The epson is far superior to the canon . I liked the tech support at canon but I love the epson printers & have never had to use tech support . Yes , the ink is hard to find . It is a high end printer & your ordinary big box stores does n't want to mess with it . I order online & save money that way . When I run out of one cartridge , I order 2 to replace it . The printer gives you plenty of warning so you do n't run out . I am an amateur photographer & do lots of scrapbooking . I print all my own pictures with the Epson . It 's not your ordinary printer but I do n't want ordinary pictures . I have n't been disappointed yet . You just have to make sure you set the print settings for the media you are using .
 First if you actually own this printer you will know that it can use 9 types of ink , BUT it can only use 8 at a time . So to Mr. / Miss one star rating down there ... . it only uses 8 inks at a time and you have to switch back and forth from matte/photo ink if you want to print on those two types of paper.Next Continuous ink systems are just as expensive because in the end the hassle the can and will cause will ultimately cost you the consumer MONEY.FINALLY choose a `` compatible ink '' if you want to . You will find that the quality is what you pay for.If you want QUALITY archival prints , the stick with epson until someone makes something that is not only compatible but BETTER .
 I only use these inks with my Epson r2400 and have never had any issues . Buying the set makes $ $ $ $ sense .
 These are good quality cartridges as always . They produce very good prints on any type of paper . Will always use them .
 Full retail is grossly overpriced . This set is still expensive , but at least it saves a few bucks . It arrived quickly and is real Epson ink . Replacements , in my experience , end up being a lot more costly when they clog the printer and make a mess.You think oil companies gouge us ? Calculate the cost of a gallon of Epson ink . The comparison makes the oil companies look like overly generous philanthropists .
 I use only Epson printers and only Epson inkThis was a good price and fast shippingif you need it buy it
 Been using official Epson inks for many years in my professional photo printer . I like the vacuum packaging since they have a tendency to age and are unusable over an extended period in the machine . Never had a problem with them and they are extremely easy to install .
 Make sure you compare the price of the set with buying each ink individually . I discovered today that it is actually 18 dollars cheaper to buy the inks separately than to buy this set . The prices may change later , so this wo n't necessarily always be true . Just take a moment to compare before you assume you are saving money by buying a set .
 I have an Epson 2400 . Even though it 's not the latest model , it 's a fine printer that has served me well for many years . Finding ink locally can be a problem . I find buying Epson ink getting via the Internet is a practical answer .
 The advertised shipping charge of $ 7.95 became $ 32.00 when I ordered from Alaska . 8 puny cartriges that fit in an envelope ship for $ 32.00 ? I am better off ordering the individual cartriges directly from Amazon . According to Amazon , the shipping charge is about $ 9.50 -- and it is deleted since the order is over $ 25.00 .
 I use to use a hp photosmart then I bough an Espon and the quality blows hp away .
 After reading the reviews about the Epson R2400 I decided to purchase one of these printers . I should have known it was going to be a huge mistake when I went to more than 5 major store chains and could not locate one . Despite what should have been an obvious warning I proceeded to buy one online . Well things did not get any better . The so called Premium ICC profile did n't work and I had to spend a hour with tech support getting this resolved . Alas all the headaches aside it makes a very nice photo printer . But it all ends there . Dont even try to print a document on plain paper using K3 Inks . What Epson wo n't tell you is the ink in this printer is not compatible with plain paper . And believe me is it evident . You would be better off using crayons . The next biggest nightmare is the inability to locate ink cartridges . I searched for 2 days and drove 150 miles and nada . Calls to Epson only resulted in my blood pressure hitting the theoretical maximum . Spare yourself from this kind of stupidity at all cost ! So if you must own one of these nightmares at least have the common sense to buy your ink from Amazon . Amazon can find you the ink through one of their camera suppliers and the 8 cartridge set is a good buy compared to buying the inks individually . If it were not for Amazon this printer would be long gone from my digital dark room .
 The product description proves to be reliable and accurate . The Innopocket case snugly and precisely fits my 2 GB first-generation Nano.I did choose to modify the included lanyard in a manner which now makes it more secure and , in my opinion , better looking . My Nano is white , and I think that the white click wheel showing through the case opening looks acceptable . Of course , a black Nano -LRB- and black click wheel -RRB- will look the best with this case.My only long-term reservation about this case is with the ability of the two metal detents to reliably hold shut the two case halves . At some point in the future I may supplement the detent-effected closure with artfully-applied black electrical tape . My modifications and tinkering should not be interpreted as product faults , however . It is my nature to never `` leave well enough alone . `` I recommend this case for any variant of the first-generation iPod Nano .
 Both reviews I 've read on this product seem scattered and incoherent , so let me see if I can clear-up some of the misconceptions about Sony 's DVD camcorder 101 . I 've had mine for 6 months now and am getting used to it . Despite what you might hear about the DVD format , this is n't an easy piece of equipment to use . You will have to put some time -LRB- translate
 I just borrowed my friend 's Sony 101 to covert my analog footage to DVD and I thought that it worked great . After converting all my old analog home movies to DVD I thought I would take it out for a spin and see how well it records overall.It takes great pictures and allows you to save them directly to your DVD vs forcing you to download the images to your computer . I was also able to preview the video footage before I finalized the DVD . You also just hook the Camcorder up to the TV to view your films instead of downloading them to your computer . If you are more interested in watching your home movies vs editing them , then this could be a good camcorder for you .
 We have had one a few years now , our first video camera dvd . It was easy to setup , try out and plug into the tv or pop in the dvd and see what we took . We love the features it comes with and the editing part we did n't really have much trouble once we read the instructions . I 'm sure if you mess around with it without reading the instructions it would be confusing . But once you know what your doing , your fine . We have used this at home as well as on numerous trips over the years . We had no problems or flaws with sony or the camcorder . Original batteries are still working fine and recharging . We have two batteries we carry with us as well as extra dvd 's as they do fill up fast ; but what a better way to store your memories !
 product received faster than expected ... product received in good condition as advertised . . however , the blank discs that were included are memorex and they do n't work with the sony cam . . sony recommends using sony media products ... overall i am satisfied with the purchase .
 This camera has been great . Camera records around 30 minutes on premium video quality and longer at medium to low quality . Easy to use and nice to have ready to watch DVDs
 Even though it does n't say it , this product is 100 % compatible with Windows XP . XP will detect it and install the driver . No need to install the driver from the floppy . It 's as fast as an onboard IDE .
 I ordered this product because I did nto want to upgrade my desktop with all new mobo and stuff . Bought a 200GB HD during Thanksgiving for only 40 bucks and was not able to be detected by my Win ME/Trigent Cognac mobo -LRB- HP XG838 machine . -RRB- Added this card and now motherboard recognizes the HD with proper size.When I got this card its firmware was already latest . Installed WinXP Pro and now my 800MHz celeron/256MB Machine boots in less than 1 minute . It was a good buy for just 30 dolllars and also got my points with Amzon visa card . I certainly recommend this product who are still using old machines and want to put high capacity drives .
 This product is outstanding when used properly . It 's not a `` Raid '' card , so do n't fault it for that . And it 's not a SATA controller , so do n't slam it for not being what it is n't . The card is a `` PCI IDE Controller '' card . It is intended to boost the IDE PATA controller transfer rates of older systems from 33mbs to 100mbs , thus allowing the full use of newer ATA-100mbs hard drives in older slower computers . For that intended use , it works superbly . -LRB- It also increases the performance of ATA-66 hard drives in ATA-33 computers . -RRB- I did not buy the one product listed here for sale `` used '' because the shipping costs made the price non-competitive , but the product itself is great . It made a new hard drive in my old P-II 233 computer blazing fast compared to the original ATA-33 hard drive .
 The package arrived before I thought it would and it works the way it is supposed to . I was pleased with how the card was packaged . Over all a good experience .
 I used this to add larger drives to my old system that would not support them . Installed the card , attached the drives , and then installed the O/S . Worked fine and allowed me to get a few more years of life out of an old system .
 While not a RAID controller and not designed for SATA or Optical drives , this controller is ideal for adding hard drives of any size to any system . -LRB- especially adding drives larger than 120gb to pre-XP systems -RRB- I own four for different systems and they 've always been the highest quality . For what it 's designed for , it 's ideal .
 This card needs to be used with an ATA-100 hard drive . buy a drive with 7200 RPM . This will outperform SCSI drives for single user systems -LRB- like the ones people have at home -RRB- .
 We have one of these mounted in the residential elevator we had installed for hubby and his wheelchair to move between floors . We use it to open the landing doors that automatically unlock when the cab reaches the floor you called it to or you traveled to . One button is programmed to open the main floor , the other operates the basement door . If you have a Skylink door opener , this is a nice accessory . While we have one mounted on the elevator wall , we have a second that hubby can carry with him to open the doors himself right from his chair . Handy !
 I 've used about 10 of these with my NEC1100A DVD+R / W and have n't had any problems yet .
 I am very happy with this battery . Does n't take too long to charge and retains the charge for long . I would recommend this item .
 I ca n't believe how cheap the Sony batteries are compared to JVC and they last way longer . This one lasts me over 200 min every time . With battery life this good I do n't bother plugging in to AC power any more . I thought about getting an anton bauer rig but I think I 'll get a couple more of these instead .
 Great addition to the battery that I have , know can shot in the field for an extended period of time . Purchased two of this item .
 Just picked one of these up and I get great record time on my professional HD camcorder .
 I purchased two of these over the past couple of years to go with the two Sony DCR-VX2100 's that I used as a wedding videographer . No matter what wedding or event I shot at , this battery did great - and I never once had to change batteries , even when shooting the long 8 + hour daylong events . I would also take one of these with us for our vacations , and would not need to recharge the battery for the whole 5 + day trips , of course just using the camera an hour or so each day.Great purchase and `` investment '' in these long lasting batteries .
 Now I do n't have to worry about running out of battery life when going to family outings !
 This is the holy grail of add-ons . Battery life becomes a ` non-issue ' . . and it is not ` uncomfortably large ' for the camera either .
 Best battery for your Sony Camcorder . 3rd party batteries are less expensive but the quality and reliability is just not up to par . Do n't gamble on a less expensive battery for your camera .
 This is n't a Sony-brand battery , but it works fine . The remaining time shows on the camcorder display , just like it does with the Sony brand . I 'm pleased , and the price was great !
 Has any one tried the compatible battery from power101 ? I ca n't believe the price . I am struggling btwn buying the sony brandbattery and the compatible ones .
 I like it . It 's really good but It 's cheap more than I expect . I will present it to my friends and my family
 I 've had good luck with these large Sony batteries and the lesser capacity ones as well . These things are used with our external recording devices , LED lights , and even an old Sony camera . They last and last . No complaints here . So far I have decided to pay more for the genuine Sony batteries than paying considerably less for the clones . I 'm about to buy some clones for much less to see how they work and then review them , but for now , I can attest the Sony units work well and last long . For important events , I 'll stick with the Sony 's .
 This bad boy is worth every penny . You can film ALL DAY without even looking at the battery life indicator . The best upgrade I 've purchased for my FX1 so far !
 I got one of these exactly 7 years ago . I do n't know how many shoots I took it on , or how many recharges it had -LRB- hundreds ? -RRB- , but it just kept going on . It was the only battery I used for that particular camera . Last week it finally refused to hold a charge . Not bad . If I were n't going retire the my only camera that still uses the L series battery , I 'd buy another one today . The stock battery that came with the camera -LRB- an F330 -RRB- has only been used a few times over the last 8 years , and it still holds a charge just fine .
 I have had several after-market L series batteries from at least two different brands . One of which has a pretty good reputation overall in the battery market . Never again will I use anything other than the OEM Sony Batteries . Two critical shoots were ruined when non Sony batteries shut the camera down , in spite of the fact that the time guage showed almost two hours remaining . The whole point of the `` Info Lithium '' batteries is to be able to accurately gauge power usage . I think this might also be why the clone batteries often show more available time than Sony batteries do after a full charge . Sometimes it 's just best to go with the brand name product .
 I am relied and I can continue recording by the time my battery backup . It 's nice to know I can trust my camcorder while it have energy .
 This is a very good battery . When it is fully charged I get any where from 11 to 12 hours of usage out of it . I would differently recommend this battery if you are doing a lot of recording for long periods of time .
 I bought this battery to replace the original battery which would power my HVR-V1U for about an hour . This battery indicates 600 + minutes of power . More than enough for any of my projects .
 I use this battery for my sony video lamp -LRB- 20w -RRB- and it lasts all night long . Of course i 'd buy another like this . Thanks
 I shoot photography and video for weddings and i go thru tons of batteries . Ive had this one for two years and i never need to bring another battery along . ive never come close to running out . Highly recommend it .
 Features 30 % more stamina than the NP-F960 rechargeable battery pack.I bought this AFTER spending half a day shooting with a Sony FX1 in very cold weather with my NP-F960 battery . Between the pausing and occasional power down , the battery survived this bitter cold day with LOTS of juice left over . So imagine what this NP-F970 can do for you.I have the NP-F960 clone battery , and it is n't holding a charge as good in storage.My only beef is waiting for it to fully charge . If you are a serious videographer , or use the Sony HVL20DW2 20 watt video light , this is a definite `` must have '' .
 For a large camcorder like my Sony FX7 this adds nice rear `` ballast '' for balance and EIGHT HOURS taping time ! I use it for long shoots and the small one that comes with the cam for short home stuff .
 300 plus minutes of recording time -LRB- without LCD -RRB- . I still got several hours with the LCD , backlight on.For when you are out all day , this is a good long lasting battery.On the HDR-FX1 I found it preferable to the smaller and lighter battery as it helped provide a touch extra rear weighting . That helped balance when using the camcorder at hip height for me . I ca n't say I noticed the extra weight as an issue when using at shoulder height , though I did n't have it on my shoulder for long periods at a time .
 Very reliable for use in the field where good battery life is a must . I will buy another if I have extended shoots .
 All the advertising talks are trueI am one of the oldest users of digital cameras . The advent of 800 thousand pixels -LRB- not 8MP ! -RRB- digital camera was a great milestone in my digital camera life . I 'm always totally enchanted by the ever-growing intelligent features of newly announced digital cameras so far . My most favorite digital camera was NIKON Coolpix 5000 which was an 8 megapixel machine with superb image quality.However , the limitations by its compactness are as follows : - Long startup time -LRB- many lost shots -RRB- - Frequent off the marks shots - Frequent battery changes required -LRB- 3 changes per half a day -RRB- - Night shots unsatisfactory - Many , many blurred imagesLast year , magnificent advertising talks of EOS 20D attracted my attention : - A top shutter speed of 1/8 ,000 seconds - 5 fps performance for up to 23 consecutive frames - Long battery life -LRB- 700-1000 shots per one charge -RRB- My EOS 20D completely shattered my strong belief that digital cameras were not suitable for long range shots . To my great surprise , the shots taken by the EOS 20D proved otherwise ! This is the moment I really felt the happiness of having purchased the EOS 20D . The EOS 20D features high-resolution of 8.2 MP which is the only unsatisfactory point in the long range viewpoint because the race for high-resolution continues on and on . More amazing fact is that it can record 4-5MB data in JPEG and nearly 9MB data in RAW mode in 5 fps performance!It is possible to take 400-500 shots in one charge even if you check every shot on the rear display . You will be marveled at the battery life continuing for 100-200 shots after the warning of insufficient charge indicated . It is very convenient.I 'm enjoying EF-S17-85mm f4-5 .6 IS USM lens which is admirably free of blurred images by its stabilizer feature . It is worth buying for all dim environments holding off the use of flashes .
 I purchased the Canon EOS 20D in order to continue using the lenses I already owned for my 35 mm Canon EOS . All of my original EF lenses work properly on the 20D although due to the smaller image sensor they act as if they are 1.6 X longer . -LRB- For example , a 50mm lens on a 35mm acts like an 80mm lens on the 20D . Image quality is fantastic ! Very similar to 35mm quality if not better than some films.The 20D has a fully automatic setting so a new photographer can confidently use it from day one without the fear of outgrowing the camera 's capabilities as his/her skills increase . In fact very few people will ever outgrow the capabilities of this camera . The 20D is well into the range of what would have been considered a professional camera only a couple of years ago.The only slight disappointment is the 18-55 EF-S lens included as part of the kit . At roughly $ 100 you can bet that it is n't representative of Canon 's better lenses . It looks and feels cheap and does n't have the resolution one expects from Canon . However it will suffice for the needs of many people and , since it is an inexpensive lens , it can be easily supplimented with better lenses as the photographer learns what his/her needs are . The camera wo n't be outgrown , the 18-55 EF-S lens probably will be .
 Not Perfect but Probably the best camera out there for the money . I would actually rate it a 4.5 out of 5 . Image quality is excellent , speed is excellent , good focusing . Image quality is limited mostly by the lens quality , the better the lens , the better , more sharp the image.A few gripes are :1 -RRB- comes with sensor dust on the sensor so will need a professional cleaning right out of the box , you wouldnt expect this at this price level .2 -RRB- no spot metering , which is almost unacceptable and can be very annoying and cause you to miss the shot , must use manual exposure or adjust other modes with exposure adjustment3 -RRB- Mirror slap much too loud , doesnt matter in many situations but during a wedding is disruptive and can get you removed from a church , or during wildlife or candid photography , can scare away or shy the subject4 -RRB- misses perfect focus too often , i think a infrared light would help , because when i use my 580 speedlite that has one , it is perfect focus every time . in good light focus is usually dead on , especially if i tell it where to focus .5 -RRB- One occassion so far where camera locked up and wouldnt work at all ... removed battery and put back in , then it worked again .6 -RRB- kit lens is no good , so have to spend an additional $ 500 on a good lens . I have found the 17-85 4-5 .6 IS lens to be great other than its price and the lack of lens hood . No other lens has IS in that focal length and it allows me to take photos in low light handheld to 1/4 second , its pretty sharp , and has a great focal range . I just wish it were `` faster '' -LRB- i.e. , f 2.8 throughout the range -RRB- .8 -RRB- I miss 50 iso from my previous camera , the Olympus C-750 UZ . Its good for waterfall shots .7 -RRB- Viewer is only 95 % , which wouldnt be so bad if it were centered but its is not so cropping is often necessary , wasting at least 0.5 megapixels.These are the major issues i have encountered so far , but I still like this camera very much . I would have a hard time choosing between the 20d and the nikon d200 if i were to do it all over but the 20d was the best camera out there at the $ 1300 price range when i bought it and still is one of the best out there in this price range .
 I have spent a long time considering the purchase of a SLR digital camera to upgrade from my old EOS 35mm . I was set to purchase the 10D for christmas this year but my oh my was I glad the 20D came out , it is faster , quieter , and has 8.2 mp insted of the 6.x mp in the 10D . The 10D is a great camera and the 20D is only better , the start up takes about 1/200 of a second so you probably wo n't even notice it , you can shoot repeating photos as fast as the flash will allow -LRB- depending on the media card of course -RRB- but the system is quick and takes great photos.The lens that comes with the set is , well , not the greatest , but for costing basicly nothing over the body alone it is a good add on and will shoot some good pictures for you . If your looking to do professional work I 'd get a better lens -LRB- or purchase the professional EOS digital and professional lens -RRB- . For the rest of us Sigma has always made great EOS lens.If you are looking to buy a high quality digital camera this is the one for you , if you want a cheaper camera that is still excelent check out the rebel .
 Excellent camera , but STAY AWAY from Adorama . Terrible customer service , rude , and completely disorganized . Use another vendor and you 'll be very happy with this camera !
 I own this camera , my second digital camera , and I am exceptionally happy with it ! I will not go into all the technical details about this camera , as this information is available in the product description and in other reviews . I will say that this is not a camera for one just getting into digital photography . This is a -LRB- near -RRB- professional quality instrument and has so many options that one not grounded in digital photography would be quickly overwhelmed . It is also higher priced than the typical consumer-grade digital camera , with an asking price of right arund $ 1400 dollars at the time of this writing . Once you add a couple of filters , a telephoto zoom lens , and some other accessories , you quickly have an investment of over $ 2,000 dollars . Thus , this is not a camera for the masses.If you are looking for a camera that provides you with all the versitility of a SLR quality film camera , you have come to the right place . Canon 's 20D will absolutely overwhelm you with its extensive options ! This is truly a versitile instrument that will allow you to do virtually anything in photography ! I do n't think it is an exaggeration to say that the Canon 20D is the best camera for its price in its class . It blows the competition away.The camera body has a firm heavy feel to it . It is not a miniature digital camera at all . It fills and fits the hand nicely , much like a SLR should feel . The buttons , wheels , and controls are all within finger reach , but there are so many options that one has a pretty good learning curve to be proficient with the camera . By the way , the instruction manual is well over 150 pages , and it does a mostly adequate job of introducing the camera controls to the operator . Still , it has taken me several weeks of use and review to learn the camera 's many features and then remember them so that the operations are automatic.The pictures I have taken are very pleasing . One can shoot in low light , bright light and all conditions in-between . A flash is available and pops up automatically if desired for additional light . This camera takes excellent pics in low-light conditions.The lens that comes with the camera is acceptable and I am pleasd with the sharpness of the images produced . Other reviewers have stated that compared to fixed focal length lenses , such as the 50 mm , the variable zoom lens is not as sharp . My view is that the lens provided is very adequate for virtually all applications , however , if the operator wants the very sharpest images possible , especially for portrait work , then perhaps a fixed focal length lens is beneficial . I purchased a EF-S 28-135 IS lens for a telephoto zoom , and am happy with it . Again , the quality of the zoom does not approach that of the Canon `` L '' series lenses , but then how many consumers can afford a single lens that is over $ 4,000 dollars ? From my perspective as an amateur that shoots a lot of images , I think the 20D is more than adequate for my needs.I highly recommend this camera to any amateur photographer that seeks a highly versitile top-quality camera that is a definite cut above the rest . If you can afford this camera , buy it . It will give you the creative options a photographer desires in a camera , and will give years of pleasure.Jim `` Konedog '' Koenig
 I 'm not going to repeat all the accolades others have bestowed on this great interchangeable-lens digital SLR . I just want to add a few real-user observations :1 -RRB- The 20D is a very solid camera in your hands . From the hefty weight to the sizable size and the solid grip , it makes you feel you are holding a real SLR , unlike with the Digital Rebel -LRB- EOS 300D -RRB- . BTW this is assembled in Japan instead of Taiwan -LRB- 300D -RRB- .2 -RRB- The camera is very fast . It 's not `` instant on '' like the Nikon 70D but it 's still damned fast with very littel shutter lag . When you use a high-speed CF card , the shot-to-shot performance is satisfying for most fast-action scenarios .3 -RRB- Great auto focus , great exposure , and great picture quality . Canon 's expertise in combining optics and electronics once again shines through . The prints made from this baby , and in part thanks to the 8MP resolution , is just total pro-quality .4 -RRB- The kit lens is not really that good , unlike what Nikon bundles in their kits . It 's still a high-quality lends but the max aperture is slow and the lens itself looks and feels cheap .5 -RRB- The old photography wisdom about how an expensive camera does not turn an amateur into a pro overnight still applies . At least you can impress your girlfriend with cr * p that looks like gold for a second there . :-RRB- -LRB- sorry did n't mean to sound sexist ... -RRB- The EOS 20D is one AWESOME digital SLR . If you are real serious about getting a high-quality SLR , consider the 20D or its Nikon competitor , not a low-priced model .
 This camera has many benefits that just blow the competition away and makes it a great `` prosumer '' digital camera.The 8 megapixel resolution allows for pictures to be printed up to 11 x 14 at 300 dpi -LRB- larger if you use 72 dpi -RRB- . And the boot up time is almost instanteous!Unfortunately it does pain me to mention that the camera does lack true spot metering and also it has a rather loud mirror slap -LRB- not something I would like to use in quiet settings -RRB- . The lens bundled with it is quite adaquate , but I would seriously urge you to consider the 17-85mm EFS IS lens for a larger degree of flexibility .
 I received my 20D last week and have been finding excuses to take out the camera to take great pictures . Start up on the camera is indeed almost instantaneous - as quickly as you can get the viewfinder to your eye , it 's ready for you . Being able to use my existing EF lenses was the primary consideration for me and because it costed $ 5K less than its big brother . One minor quibble that I have with this camera is its lack of spot metering . In some circumstances this would come in very handy but 99 % of the time , center weighted would be fine.I would strongly recommend the extension grip for this camera . Partly because it has the dedicated portrait shutter button and the shutter speed dial but more importantly it extends the grip in landscape mode just a tad bit more . The added height and other features that the extension grip adds more than justifies for the added weight . The grip can also accomodate a second battery .
 My wife and I were sick and tired of the `` shutter lag '' that point and shoots are plagued with . We missed a lot of good pictures due to this . That lead me to look at digital SLRs , which do not suffer this malady . Also , most P&S ; cameras have plastic bodies . While this may keep costs down , and it certainly makes a camera lighter , nothing compares to a good old metal body - like on the 20D . In fact , the metal body was a big reason we opted for this camera over the more affordable Digital Rebel -LRB- plus the 8.2 MP vs 6 MP -RRB- . Canon recently introduced an 8.0 MP version of the Digital Rebel . If a metal body is not a big deal to you , you may wish to look into that.One thing to keep in mind when using this camera indoors - lighting is important . Indoor pictures turn out darker than anticipated . This can be overcome by proper lighting and camera angle . Outdoors , you will get outstanding results every time.I have been experimenting with the `` creative zone '' settings of this camera with mixed results . I have used a slow shutter release to take some good pictures of the moon and stars reflecting off of the Gulf of Mexico . Conversly , I have tried some action shots that were quite blurry - switching back to auto mode corrected this . Any problems I 've had with this camera have been user related , not a problem with the equipment.I love the idea of interchangable lenses . If you 're not happy with the zoom capabilities of the camera , get a stronger zoom lens and you 're all set . Want to do some macro photos ? There 's a lens for you out there as well . Keep in mind , the camera itself will not fit in your pocket , and a couple of extra lenses will not either ; you will need a good bag to haul the stuff around in . When equiped with the 18-55mm lens that comes in the kit , it is no problem to strap it around your neck and take it with you wherever you roam.Also , the battery can outlast the Energizer Bunny ! We turned off the auto review feature , which extends the battery life furter . If you wish to review a picture , all it takes is a push of the button , and you are in review mode . Want to take another picure ? Just `` point and shoot '' , when you press the shutter release to take a picture , you will automatically exit any of the menu items you may be in at the time . If the camera goes into power save mode , just `` point and shoot '' , the camera wakes up as soon as the shutter release is pressed . When turning on the camera , it is ready to take a picture faster than you are . The bottom line , you will never miss a picture opportunity because you are waiting on the camera!I expect to have this camera for a very long time . I have heard some experts say that any digital camera over 5 MP is a waste for home use , since most people will only print out 4 x 6 pictures , with the occasional 8 x 10 , but it is comforting to know that I can use this camera to make much larger prints with no loss of detail . In the long run , I think the initial cost of the camera will be worth it - it should outlast even the best P & S cameras seveal times over.After having owned this camera for a little over a year now , I can find no faults with it . I recommend this camera to anyone who wishes to make `` shutter lag '' a thing of the past .
 I have read both positive a negative reviews about the 20D and there seems to be a theme among bad reviews that the user complains about poor picture quality , that their standard point and shoot produces better images and how they could n't just pick the 20D up and create professional pictures . Quit frankly I agree with these reviews to a certain extent but it is not the fault of the camera ... it is the unrealistic expectations of the user that they are going to buy a high performance tool and suddenly become a professional photography without learning how to use it . They want to simply push the shutter button and produce pictures they can sell . Come on people ... let 's be realistic . Expecting professional level photos just because you buy a high end camera is about as unrealistic as thinking you can play professional baseball because you purchase a Rawlings Gold Glove.I am by no means a professional , but I do like to take nice pictures . I was the same as many people that were frustrated when I bought the 20D , broke it out of the box and hit the shutter to find out that my point and shoot appeared to take better pictures . But rather than figuring I wasted my money on useless camera I did something many people refuse to do ... I read the owners manual . After taking a Saturday to read the manual from cover to cover , playing with the settings and learning a little bit about lenses , I tried the 20D again . Understanding the settings , lightning requirements for various lenses and the functions of the camera I was able to make vast improvements with the pictures taken . This time the pictures were clear and crisp , colors were strong and I was able to plug them into Photoshop and work with them to create some fun additions . As I used my camera more , I learned how to use the various modes in different light settings , which allowed me to take pictures in virtually any environment . Since one of the main complaints of many 20D reviews is its limitation in low light environments , I expected this to be a weakness of the camera . This was not the case . What I found to be a bigger issue in regards to dark pictures is the lens . If you are using cheap entry level lenses then yes , you are going to have more difficulty adjusting to lighting . But if you use a good solid lens -LRB- it does n't have to be an L Series -RRB- like a 50mm 1.8 or 1.4 , then you can effectively shoot in just about any lighting . From the reviews I read it seemed the reviewers were dinging the camera when really they were just too cheap to purchase to buy decent quality lens that would have provided them then balanced lighting , crisp images and clear colors they were seeking . The proper lenses make a world of difference . For those that do n't believe me , go to your local photography rental company and rent an L Series lens for the weekend -LRB- should cost you about $ 25 -RRB- . You 'll be amazed by the results you get in your pictures . Think of your camera like a car . If you purchased a Porche , is it going to preform better with standard tires from Walmart or with racing tires ? Yes , you can put cheap tires on your car and it will roll around ... but you will notice the true abilities of the car if you equip it properly . Same thing with the 20D . If you go cheap ... you will get cheap pictures . If you equip it properly then you will see a huge difference . If you have the money to purchase a $ 1000 camera , do n't expect professional results by putting a $ 50 lens on it . Make sense?The biggest strength of the 20D is the sports photography that you can do with it . The pictures are beautiful . With a 5 frame per second shutter burst you can freeze a baseball as it hits the batter 's bat . I use a telephoto Canon lens that I got off Ebay for $ 300 to take sports pictures and the results are fantastic . I have taken pictures at all levels of sports , from youth up to professional , with beautiful results.I have been using my 20D for about 6 months and the bottom line is practice , practice , practice . Like any other tool , the more you use it , the better you will get with it . Although I only take pictures as a hobby , after just 6 months of owning my camera I would be willing to put my pictures taken with my 20D up against some professional photographers that use more high end and more current models of cameras . The pictures come out that clear and crisp . If you are looking at being able to pick up the camera and use it like a `` point-n-shoot '' then the 20D may not be for you . I like to tell people , `` if you want to ` take ' pictures then get a point and shoot . If you want to ` make ' pictures then the 20D will serve you well . ''
 I previously owned the Digital Rebel and decided it was time for an upgrade so I bought the 20d . All I have to say is WOW !! Everything about this camera is lightning fast . One of the most noticable features is the VERY fast shutter speed . There is no time for camera shake with this baby !! The speed to the CF card is also a very quick , especially when you combine it with a fast CF. People seem to have problems with lockup issues , but as long as you download firmware 1.0.5 , you 'll be fine . Some 20d 's already come with the upgraded firmware.For those of you looking for a very fast professional camera at a reasonal price , this is it !! Very crisp and sharp images .
 This review is targeted mainly at amateurs looking for their first digital SLR - someone like myself , that is.My main purpose for getting this camera is to take picture of my kids . Sure , it 's big and heavy , but it 's really fast -LRB- shutter release as well as focusing -RRB- and the low light performance is fantastic - all critical for taking pictures of kids at play . My main issue with my Nikon 5700 is slow focusing -LRB- esp . in low light -RRB- and dismal flash performance -LRB- with built in flash -RRB- . This camera has no such issue . In low light it uses the flash for AF assist.Compared to the 300D -LRB- which is a great camera too -RRB- , the 300D feels like a toy . The plastic body of the 300D just does n't feel as good as the metal body of the 20D . But the main reason I got this is for the low noise photos at high ISO settings.You can not use the LCD as a viewfinder . This is probably the case with all digital SLRs -LRB- I 've only tried a few - the reviews usually assume you already know about such things and do n't mention it -RRB- . This means you 'll not be able to take well framed shots from strange angles.Finally , be prepared to spend a lot more . The 18-55 EF-S is an okay lens , but you 'll soon start wishing for more . A kit with the EF-S 18-85 IS USM will be a better value - but I ca n't seem to find it anywhere.Anyway , be prepared to spend a lot more . An extra battery or two -LRB- few things worse than a digital camera with no power -RRB- , lenses -LRB- unless you already have a good collection of Canon lenses -RRB- , filters , flash . The good thing is , other than the battery , you do n't need to rush out and buy all the rest of it now . This is a camera to grow into as you learn , and you can pick up a piece or two as you go on . And the major investment - the lenses - will continue to serve you as you upgrade the camera body 3 to 5 years down the road.Don ' t throw -LRB- or eBay -RRB- that compact digital camera away . You 'll still need it for the times when a bulky camera is not convenient . But this camera will give you lots of fun if you enjoy photography .
 For anyone considering getting back into photography after spending a few years ` just taking snapshots ' with a point and shot digital camera , this one is your camera.Shooting with a digital SLR is an absolute pleasure after the last few years of pointing a camera -LRB- held at arm 's length -RRB- and guessing when the the camera would decide to take the picture.The D20 is incredibly responsive . It 's on as soon as you flip the switch and can fire off a rapid fire salvo of pictures that will allow you to capture any scene or event.The preset functions work beautifully to optimize your photos and the final product is truly impressive.A skeptical friend who owns the digital rebel and I took photos of the same subjects one day and printed the pictures professionally . We found that we were able to identify the pics taken by the D20 when we were both blinded . I 'm not sure if it was the 2 additional megapixels , better metering or better lenses , but at the end of the day I felt that for the extra $ 800 or so that I spent , I was getting better results .
 I have been using this camera for several years now . I bought it when the 20D was the newest offering in the Canon line . I paid big bucks for the camera plus the lens , about $ 1400 at the time . It is a shock to find out that this expensive machine is now only worth about maybe $ 300 , used.I have gotten a lot of good use out of it , however . My photography skills have improved with the availability of the custom features that this camera offers . While it has a good selection of point-and-shoot options , I have not been using them . They work quite well , but so do the selections for manual settings , and when used correctly , these manual settings make for creative photography . I recently bought a large format printer , and I have been blowing up photos shot from this camera to 11 '' x 17 '' images . I had shot the photos from a tripod , and the details even at that extreme size are sharp and vivid.The 17 to 85 mm IS lens that I bought with the camera has turned out to be versatile and useful . It is able to take moderate macro photos , and its wide angle feature is something that a lot of camera buyers would not specifically look for , but when you have it , it is wonderful to take wide pictures outdoors.If I could change the camera , there are two things that bug me
 I have been shooting for many years and have purchased many cameras from 35mm to digital . This Canon 20d is the Best yet . I have played around with it and still have yet to experience all of the features and capabilities . I shot a wedding and was truly surprised at the outcome of those photos . I have way too many great shots to pick from , for my clients . I shot a self portrait with it and it was so much detail you can see the hairs coming out of the pores on my face . This is a great camera and I recommend it to anyone who wants true professional looking photos .
 High-end cameras and other similar machines often suffer from a common fault . The 'll have loads of features , but their too damn complicated . I 'm pleased to say that this is not the case with the 20D . If you spend some time at the beginning and read the instruction manual -LRB- fairly well written -RRB- you 'll find that the camera is pretty easy to use . My other digital camera , a far less feature-laden compact point-and-shoot , is a lot more difficult . So even if you 're new to photography in general or to DSLRs in particular , do n't be intimidated by this camera . It 's really user-friendly . Everything they say is true . Great operational times -LRB- very important in a camera -RRB- , incredible battery life -LRB- at first I thought something was wrong with the battery icon -- it kept showing a full charge after hundreds of snaps -RRB- , and excellent performance with high ISOs . Coupled with the 17-85 IS lens I can take indoor and other low-light shots that I 've never been able to do before , and photography has been my hobby for decades.Early reviews of this camera mentioned a louder-than-normal shutter release . I do n't notice it . In fact , the sound of the release , like everything else on this camera , says `` quality.Having said this , I do have one complaint . The AWB -LRB- auto white balance -RRB- is terrible in incandescent lighting . You absolutely must set the WB to tungsten if you 're going to shoot indoors without flash . Even then your images will be orange . This is OK for me , since I do my own editing and can correct the color balance , but this could be a problem if you do n't do your own printing .
 Well there is so much written about the 20D who could add to that ? I will say that the battery life is truely amazing!The only real big drawback I have found to the camera is the Battery compartment door ... . The catch is to flimsy for my taste . I somehow managed to break the tiny -LRB- and I mean tiny -RRB- catch on the compartment door . I still dont know how it broke since I have babied this thing since I bought it three months ago but alas it broke . Anyway Cannon would not replace the derned thing under warranty so there goes $ 15 for a new door with catch.Besides that this is a awesome camera .
 I recently bought this camera used , for about 1/3 of the price mentioned above . I have been very pleased with this camera body , the lens if a different story.If you are switching from a rebel series body and want to switch to the xxd line , without having to spend the $ 1500 needed for the newest xxd , then this is a great place to start . I really did n't want the video capabilities of the newer bodies.This body is easy to use if you have ever used a Canon film camera , which is the background I have , then you will have no problem switching to this camera . Most functions can be found where you would expect them , you can set the camera to use the half push on the shutter , or the back focus button . Handy if you are shooting subjects where you can freeze the focus , and you just want to meter the light.If you want a camera for low light , or as it is also called high iso , buy a newer model . The high iso performance of this camera is very noisy and requires a lot of post.The lens : The lens I am less satisfied with . I find it has problems focusing , especially in low light . When I take it of AF these issues are gone , but the you have to deal with the focus ring . With this lens it is way on the front of the lens , there is about 4mm of plastic . I am a tall guy with big hands , and find myself grabbing the wrong part of the lens to focus often . This is an a minor setback , especially when you get sharper pictures using MF.I am currently looking into which lenses to buy , I will retire the kit lens after I buy different lenses . I do n't even want to sell it because of the issues mentioned above . I will just hang on with it and give it to my daughter when she gets her DSLR body.References
 If you have the cash to spare and love taking photos there is only one thing to know . Buy a 20D . As soon as possible . You will be thrilled . There is no doubt that it is among the best cameras the world has ever seen . I did my research before deciding to buy a 20D . I looked seriously at the Nikon D70 , another excellent digital SLR camera and a fair bit cheaper than the 20D , but I chose the 20D for its ruggedness , slightly larger 8mp sensor , and outstanding autofocus.What is amazing about this camera ? Put it on automatic and squeeze the shutter release . In a second you have taken 5 shots . You can take 20 in four seconds , each 8 megapixels in size while the autofocus tracks your running toddler . It feels GREAT in your hand , very sturdy and not overly heavy . Perhaps a tad bulky compared to the digital camera you may be used to . But I find it a joy to hold and use.It can speed up to ISO 3200 without introducing excessive noise into the image and at 1600 and 800 , noise is almost unnoticeable . That means you can take handheld photos without flash indoors in the evening under ambient room light conditions -LRB- the 50mm mentioned below , with its large maximum aperture helps too in this regard -RRB- . You could spend days researching lenses and accessories . If you are just wading in to high-end amateur photography , let me make some quick and dirty suggestions : The kit lens -LRB- EF-S 18-55mm -RRB- is a very good lens for the insanely cheap price of $ 100 . The EFS 17-85 which pros rave about is pricey at $ 600 and you do n't need the 55-85 range much I find -- you will probably consider a decent telephoto -LRB- like a 70-300mm -RRB- to be a better use of your cash . You may well grow tired of the 18-55 eventually , but it does give you access to wide angle shots at a cheap price.You absolutely MUST buy the -LRB- $ 75 -RRB- 50mm f1 .8 . It is a truly outstanding lens for headshots and portraits . It has fantastic depth of field control allowing you to achieve a nice background blur , and is very very sharp within the depth of field . You will use this lens a lot . Some say it 's cheaply made . Probably , but it works wonders and the price is definitely right . 50mm was standard on analog SLRs supposedly due to its rough equivalence to how the human eye observed a scene . On the 20D it becomes an 80mm lens due to the 1.6 x crop factor , and at that length becomes the perfect portrait lens in my view.If you want to photograph ships , houses and palaces , the EF-S 10-22mm f3 .5 is a treasure that 'll set you back $ 800 . It 's definitely not a good general purpose lens , but how cool is it to have a wide angle zoom?You do NOT need a high speed compact flash card , but you DO need a big one . If you have a 4x 512MB CF , keep it and it will work well with the 20D . A 256MB card will fill up pretty fast as you will become addicted to firing off several shots at once . Sure the 1GB cards are down in price considerably , but do n't throw out your old 256 or 512s . The buffer on the 20D is very large , and will transfer the images from the camera to the card during idle time quite happily . Of course if you want to run off 30 images in 6 seconds , go for the ultra or 80x cards . You do n't need my advice either.Buy it and love it . You 'll never go back .
 This is my 4th digital camera , the previous 3 being point and shoot and I still have my latest point and shoot for the movie capability -LRB- S1 IS -RRB- . The 20D is also my second SLR , my first SLR I still have after 23 years , but more for sentimental reasons , these days.I did a lot of research before deciding on this camera . Original research started about a year before the purchase , but , at that time did not have a need for DSLR until now . My primary reason for going to DSLR is for the low-noise as it is very important for astrophotography.Similar to another reviewer , I also considered the 350D and the Nikon D70 . I had some advantage regarding the D70 as my brother owns one . The heated decision came between the 350D and the 20D . Size/weight were only a minor consideration for me , but I really did like the metal body of the 20D . I found sites with samples of astrophotos from the 350D as well as the D70 . The D70 has an inherent heat problem for long exposures and develops a `` hot area '' in the upper left portion of the images . The noise reduction it has is effective for reducing this , but I just did n't like the fact that it existed . Comparing 350D results to 20D , well , one would be pressed to notice the differences . However , in looking closely at review sites -LRB- such as dpreview -RRB- , even they admitted the clarity on the 20D edged out the 350D -LRB- what is nice , you can see for yourself in their images -RRB- . No , not a big difference at all , but I am wanting the best of the 2 at this point.In the end , my decision was for the 20D mostly because this is the very camera Canon themselves used to create a camera purely for astrophotography - the 20Da . My thought is , if Canon chose this , there is a reason . I did not want the 20Da , however , as I plan to use the 20D for `` normal '' shooting , as well ... but I was sold on the 20D . Having used it for more than a week , I put it through some gruesome tests ... including , of course , long exposures . I wanted to check for hot pixels at 30 sec exposures . The short version is
 I 've owned most all the previous versions of the Canon dSLRs and have many Canon lenses . Lately , however , I been trying to decide between the 20D and the Nikon D70 -LRB- which has a better lens with the kit version -RRB- , especially since I 've heard of numerous issues with the 20d . Well , I 've now tried both and here 's my assessment of the 20d . What I like about this camera : - Very fast all the way around - Nice look and size to the camera - 8MP CMOS sensor is great - I generally like the Canon lenses better than Nikon ` sWhat needs improvement : - Flash pictures are very often underexposed and not consistent - Mirror click is louder than on previous models , making unobtrusive shots difficult - 18-55mm lens in kit looks and feels cheap - Camera seems to lock up often -LRB- probably an early firmware bug that will be fixed -RRB- Overall a camera with great potential , but I 'm going to go with the D70 until Canon fixes the flash and lockup issues . The flash is probably the deal-killer for me - it takes worse flash pictures than my Canon S400 , especially for quick , casual shots -LRB- a $ 1500 camera should do better ! -RRB- . The D70 is a mature camera and has no such problems -LRB- even though it 's not quite as fast -RRB- . I 'm going to hold on to my Canon lenses and hope for a fix or wait for the next version .
 I love the D20 !! The lens that comes with the kit is not as bad as posted . Look above at pics I posted last night in the photo share area above . It is really what you do with it . It is small , light weight , which is a plus . It is n't an L lens , but it is worth having fun finding it 's plus 's . It is a fun lens to start out with if you have just started your Canon lens collection and have no other lens to work until you get better . Someone just starting with an SLR camera could do fine with this set , or with the Rebel XT and this lens . I just purchased the Canon 70-300 IS USM DO Zoom Lens and have n't had time to really put it to the test yet , but so far I really like the size and am looking forward to investigating its abilities and possibilities for the Motocross track . So if you are wondering if you should purchase just the body or the kit , I would say if you are starting with Canon and do n't have a wide zoom lens as yet , do n't be swayed by the pros to not buy the kit . For an extra $ 70 , the kit is great and you will always have a pretty good little , light weight , backup . I have used it for a week while waiting for my new lenses to arrive and have had a great time . The camera of course has been alot of the fun too . I started with the Rebel XT . At first , I thought I wanted a smaller camera , but then found that the bigger lenses made holding the XT too hard for a long time . My hands are not big , I am a lady , but it still did n't feel right , so I exchanged it for the D20 . I am glad I did . I love the ease of use and changing settings as I think it is easier than the Rebel . Also the D20 is faster and I have really noticed that . As for the kit lens , if you are going to walk around for a long time and do n't want to have the weight of a richer lens sometimes , this will work quite well as it is an 18-55 , which is a nice range for just fun stuff . As for the camera
 I 've been shooting with a Digital Rebel for about a year , that camera is great but it just plain does n't have big enough onboard memory buffers for the kind of fast action I tend to shoot . This camera , when coupled with a high speed Compact Flash card will rarely bog down and quit shooting when using continuous mode -LRB- 5 fps -RRB- -LRB- even more so if you are n't shooting in full quality mode since more frames fit in the buffers -RRB- . The difference between this baby and the Rebel is like the difference between a Yugo and a Cadillac , just no comparison ! The Rebel is a starter camera , this is a real camera . There are three different metering modes , three different types of AF and single and continuous shooting modes available in all `` creative modes '' -LRB- i.e. other than the stock modes they give you for common situations and of course in auto mode -RRB- . I have n't had a chance to shoot a whole lot with the 20D yet but so far I 'd say it 's much faster -LRB- both on startup and between shots -RRB- than the Rebel and much more capable in `` mixed-lighting '' situations than the Rebel is . With the rebel , the combination of mercury vapor gymnasium lighting and flash would give my shots these awful yellow backgrounds , so far the 20D is handling this situation in a superior manner -- i.e. no annoyingly colored backgrounds -LRB- Auto White Balance control is much better here -RRB- . If you use IS lenses I suggest you buy the battery grip . The 20D is made of metal and much more ergonomic than the Rebel but someone with big hands will probably still like the battery grip to make the camera easier to hold onto . The built in flash on the 20D is capable but for real shooting you 'll want a professional flash . Canon speedlights -LRB- 550/580EX -RRB- are the most integrated but there are other cheaper choices that are just as good -LRB- but may not be as integrated -RRB- . The 20D has a flash sync port on the side for a `` potato masher '' handle style flash unit such as made by Metz , Sunpak , etc. . This is a pricey camera for most of us but worth the money , I am going to have a lot of fun with this . One last comment
 I have this camera about 4 months now , and I 'm still in awe . It is just brilliant . The body is very robust . It is n't light , but feels solid in your hands . It 's well balanced and easy to grip.The battery life is just great . I 've taken about 1200 photos on a single battery charge . I have not yet even considered the need to buy the extension battery grip with an extra battery.All the functions are within easy finger reach . It is so easy to adjust the settings as you go . I am still learning how to use things . I guess so far I 've taken in excess of 20,000 photos.One little gripe would be sensor dust . I 've a small speck of dust somewhere -LRB- on the sensor I assume -RRB- , and I ca n't seem to get rid of it . Nothing to ruin my photos though . It 's not an uncommon thing with any dSLR . A cleaning kit is essential with this camera.I already have a small collection of Canon lenses . The combination gives me excellent quality photos.Bottom line - if you 're thinking of buying a Digital SLR , this one should come very high on your list of options . I would recommend it to everyone .
 I was upgrading from point-and-shoot digital . The choice was between the Canon Rebel XT , Nikon D70 , and the Canon 20D . I am glad that I footed the extra cash for the 20D and even the IS 17-85 lens . It 's well worth the investment for budding enthusiasts/amateurs like myself . Like playing a violin , you ca n't really be inspired to do better and do more if you do n't have the right instrument.PRO
 My first Digital SLR , and I love it . I 've had it for about 3 months , quickly switching from my Elan 7E film body to this . I have numerous `` nice '' Canon lenses , all of which have worked wonderfully with this camera . My Top Points :1 . Autofocus - incredibly fast . Very accurate . I 've read some people have had issues with back focusing , but I must be lucky , as mine is perfect .2 . Start up speed - .2 seconds claims Canon - instantaneous for all intents . I have n't missed a shot yet , althought I leave it turned on , and allow it to auto-sleep after a minute - wakes up quickly with a half-press of the shutter3 . Construction - Body is extremely strong - feels solid and well manufactured .4 . Shutter Speed - no other Digital SLR rivals the 20D 's speed for the money.I have shot about 8,000 pictures since getting mine - weekends quickly accumulate 500-1000 photos . The controls are well laid out , easy to learn and quick to navigate , even in the dark.No complaints here - only praises .
 Excellent Camera !!! Pros : shutter lag is about the same as a film SLR5 frames per second !!! The Sigma lens for my Canon EOS film camera work well with the digital.Battery life is good -LRB- even with that I strongly recommend at least one back up battery -RRB- Picture quality is amazingCons : If you are not used to the size of SLR cameras this may seem rather big ; however with a good neoprene neck strap the weight is not as noticeableSet at maximum resolution it fills up memory cards quickly - Hitachi makes a good 2 and 4 gig micro drive that is fairly inexpensive compared to other compact flash memoryI have had this camera for about 4 months now and am very happy with it . I do a lot of bird photography . The lack of noticeable shutter lag and the ability to shoot 5 fps have helped me capture some amazing shots of the birds in my back yard .
 If you 're reading this review , chances are , you wan na make the hop to digital SLR from regular digital . I just did and it is amazing . I must say , for about five years a use regular digital cameras . I wish I had gone digital SLR years ago . I think of all the shots that I 've missed because of shutter lag once you go digital SLR you will not go back.One thing about purchasing a digital SLR that you need to keep in mind is . It 's all about the lenses ! If you 're buying this camera do yourself a favor get a good piece of glass . I will have links to sites that have reviews of lenses.This thing will take 24 shots in a row . That is just so great ! With the 8.2 megapixel , you can print 36 x 24 perfectly . The images are just huge . One thing I do like also with his camera , as opposed to the digital rebel . Is that you can capture a JPEG high Quality and raw image simultaneously . Now I do n't use raw images very much yet , but I will of the future I 'm sure . the rebel is raw and normal quality pictureOne other thing I would recommend in relation to this camera is drop a couple dollars on a good flash . I 've just started recently using an external flash the 580 EX and I must say lighting is where it is at!Now , should you get the Canon 20 D. with the included lens it depends , the lens package is only $ 100 more . And it 's an okay lens , but the other ones in the Canon family are way better.Info on crop factor ------------------------------- What happens , if I understand things correctly , is that a full size sensor capture the same amount of data as a 35mm film would . A sensor with a 1.3 factor means that the 35mm film area is 1.3 times as large as the sensor , and the same with a 1.6 sensor.Think of it as simply chopping off some of the data that a 35mm full-frame sensor would capture . Imagine a ruler , where the 35mm camera would capture the full 12 '' stretching across the frame . If you then put a 1.3 sensor camera in the same location and took the same picture -LRB- assuming the same lens , camera mounted on the same tripod in the same location relative to the ruler -RRB- the camera 's picture would only show the middle 9 inches -LRB- approximately -RRB- . Now if both cameras produce the same size files , e.g. 8MB pictures , you have one picture at 8MB showing a full 12 inches and one picture at 8MB showing only the middle 9 inches . If you print them both at the same size , the picture taken with the 1.3 sensor will appear to be larger.However , full-frame sensor cameras usually shoot larger MB pictures , so you lose the 1-to-1 relationship between the two pictures . The full-frame cameras shoot at 12MB or larger , so if you then crop THAT image to be 8MB in size by chopping the outer 1/3 -LRB- 1/6 from each edge -RRB- and you will see the same thing as you see with the 1.3 sensor.So it 's not really that the 1.3 sensor magnifies the image , it just APPEARS to magnifiy the image . And since in photography it really is all about appearances , in one sense it does magnify things . But not actually , when everything is put on a 1-to-1 basis , the image is n't actually larger.What that crop factor DOES do , though , is to reduce the size of the image you can get with the same lens . That means that you either have to move back if using the same lens to get the same field of view , or you have to use a shorter lens to get the same field of view from the same location.That is where the 1.3 factor or 1.6 factor becomes important in deciding how to shoot a scene , especially for people who are coming to digital from the film world . So when you put your 50mm lens on a 20D , it becomes effectively a 80mm lens -LRB- 50mmx1 .6 = 80 -RRB- , with the reduced field of view that an 80mm lens would give . So to get the same field of view that you would get with a 50mm lens on a 35mm film body , you need to put a 32mm lens on a 20D body if you are standing in the same spot as with the film camera.Again , since what we see is of utmost importance in photography , you are actually seeing a magnified image , when both images are printed straight to paper . But if the images are made to be the same size by cropping the larger file to equal the smaller file , there is n't really magnification . ----------------------------------- just fyiOkay , hope this helps have some fun-and-get-it-done !
 Two years ago when I bought the 20D body , Nikon could n't come close to its specs . It truly is an excellent camera
 I have owned canon SLR 's -LRB- Rebel back in 90 's -RRB- and digital -LRB- G2 since 2000 -RRB- . This -LRB- D20 -RRB- is not a toy . For simple point and click , you are better off with a cybershot , or whatever little gadget takes pictures , makes phone calls and fits in your purse.This is a camera that is used by the most serious amateur photographers -LRB- and several pros when on `` leave '' :--RRB- ... -RRB- . . It offers unbelievable control and you will end up spending some serious money on lenses and filters before you get done . But , its all about whether you are into it to take pictures of the family , or whether you are into it to take pictures.The digital workflow it allows is remarkably easy . The amount of `` diving saves '' you can do to a picture that was not exactly well-taken is incredible . But prepare to learn new skills and spend some time . Like I mentioned , this is a weapon not a toy .
 purchased the 20D as an upgrade from my Digital Rebel . The cost was certainly worth it.This camera has many , many advantages to the Rebel -LRB- as I 'm sure other reviewers will point out -RRB- , but I thought three were worthy of mention : ISO 1600 and 3200 have very , very low noise . This means that I am now able to get low-light shots that I never could before . For example , I often take pictures of crowded streets at night . Before , I needed to use a flash or else my shots would be blurred by camera shake and the motion of people walking . Now -LRB- with the help of a f1 .8 lens -RRB- I can set the camera at ISO3200 and have the shutter speed be fast enough that I can get clear images . In fact , when I use the Black & White mode , the picture is virtually noise-free . Rapid-Fire burst mode . When the `` multi-shot '' function is on , this camera fires like a machine gun . It also writes the images to the memory card much faster than the Rebel ever did . I shot a series of 25 shots in 5 seconds , and it still had them all on the card 6 seconds after I stopped shooting.Black and White mode . Not just some toy feature , when you are saving as a JPG file -LRB- not RAW -RRB- , the image is actully encoded as a B&W ; image -- meaning a smaller file size . This means more shots per card , and also more shots being able to be held in the buffer . I was actully able to record 90 frames of B&W ; images -LRB- JPG-Large-Fine -RRB- at full speed -LRB- 5 per second -RRB- without stopping -LRB- onto a 40x CF card -RRB- .
 Only being an amateur photographer of sorts I wanted to ease into the field with a solid easy to use camera that did n't skimp on the features . I purchased mine on ebay used for an extremely good price so I may be a bit biased here . However , prior to that I did do a lot of research and found this along with one other from Nikon to be the best for my needs . In the end I focused more on Canon due to the lens selection and the numerous other canon products such as printers and papers that 'd make compatibility less of a hassle.Works great with Windows XP . And recently found it just as easy to work with Windows 7 -LRB- 32-Bit -RRB- by simply setting it to P2P in the menu section.It is an older camera in terms of how technology ages and with that its a bit bulkier . However its insides have easily stood up against its age .
 Hi ... I want to tell the world about my romance with my Canon 20D digital camera.I bought it about 6 years ago and paid $ 1500 . I fell in love with it the first shots I took!Beautiful pictures the best I had ever taken.finally I could take a decent picture and have no worries if it would turn out or not.all of my pictures were turning out perfect ! they just did and it was amazing!I became a new person I woke up thinking of my new camera till I went to bedthinking what I would do tomorrow with it . I took pictures of my 7 grandchildren growing up , every event , street photographyand even started my own photography business in my town.that 's when it all came to a end . I was doing a wedding , my first wedding at the coast.after the wedding was over and we were doing the pictures and a sneaker wave got me andtook me under and my camera was destroyed.I will buy another one the same 20D camera it 's that great.Buy a good canon lens to go with it , at the great price they are chargeing now you can afford both!Gail
 I bought this camera my tool for learning about digital photography . It has been very easy to use and a great learning tool . As with any camera , the lens makes a big difference in the photographs you take . The lens this comes with is okay for a generic starter , but you will quickly want to invest in a more high-end one based upon the type of photography you want to do . It is compatiable with the older Canon lenses , so that has been a plus .
 Even with all the new cameras out there in the market , I still love my Canon EOS 20D . Unless I accidentally drop it and break it , it is still the camera of choice for me . But if you are buying one for the first time , shop around , there are some nicer cameras , for less than what I paid for this one , that work just a good if not better .
 Love everything about this camera . Have had it for a few years and its durability and reliability stands the test . Newer models such as the 40D feel great and have larger viewing screens . My next upgrade will be to a 5D .
 I 've had this camera for a few years now and love it . Hawaii , Thailand , Alaska , and all over the US - this camera has done a great job.I am not careful with my equipment -LRB- no lens caps , no camera bags , etc -RRB- and it still does a great job.Enjoy , Chriswww.spikeball.com
 It 's my buddy . Great piece of equipment . If you do n't have the money to get a 5D , go for this one .
 This is real a great thing and also it is good to capture the momments of your life .
 Too good
 Excellent Camera with high end capabilities . Easy to use and intuitive system controls .
 The camera arrived witin the time period estimated by the shipper and unpacked for inspection . The canon EOS 20D is a great camera with only one flaw . The switch the turns the camera on is in a awkward place . All the other controls are placed very well and operate all the camera functions easily .
 As I mentioned in my prior review after I had used this camera for a while I would try and do an update well here we go . I have just finished filling a 4GB micro-drive with the E-300 , and must say that I am still in awe of this camera.I had the chance to shoot it along with a 20D as well as an XT -LRB- Canon -RRB- not my cameras but ones that belonged to friends . I still have to put the Olympus at the top . Here 's why - first off I take pictures for quality not for speed , if you are the type of photographer that shoots say sporting events , or horses , etc. then no doubt the Canons are your weapon of choice , Because lets face it Canon 's `` DIGIC 2 '' processor is truly amazing . But speed aside picture to picture I found the E-300 to be the best as far as over all picture quality and accuracy , and with the exception of the 20D far less noise at higher ISO 's . Now I shoot a wide variety of pictures from sky scenes , to low light pix , as well as something I call `` lightpainting '' wich involves turing down the shutter speed -LRB- way Down -RRB- and cranking the ISO -LRB- as high as you can stand it ! -RRB- So I guess the type of pictures I take covers the gamut of situations . Again , in each situation the EVOLT blew away the 2 Canons . the most amazing thing is that out of almost 550 shots I had only about 20 where the camera -LRB- or myself -RRB- had mis-read the shot , the 20D had twice as many -LRB- due to the camera -RRB- the Xt nearly three times!By mis reading I refer to under or over exsposure , and/or blurred images . All three cameras were set to the auto or `` P '' mode . The E-300 has also made me want to try flash photography again ! Flash photography is an art unto itself and the E-300 made it possible for even myself to get decent results ! The flash on the 20D is completely useless as far as I could tell either it was too hot , or too weak , the Xt did n't fair much better . Now before Canon fans call me a lunatic let me explain something the 2 Canon SLR 's I used are in thier own right top of the line photographic weapons , more than worthy of the high praise and reviews they have recieved from pro and novice alike . Heck - I had an Xt in my hand ready to buy , until I saw the E-300 further down the counter and decided to check it out , In fact if I was ready to buy another SLR it more than likely would be the Xt -LRB- The 20D is just too damn high priced for what you REALLY get -RRB- The reason I love the Olympus over the others is the fact that the camera takes great pictures by nature not by settings , it relys on the ability to take amazing pictures at a varitey of situations on a extremely consistant basis . The Canons alas , do not , due to the fact that they are complicated to operate -LRB- especially the 20D -RRB- and the biggest being that they are not consistant in the quality of pictures they take . This is just my opinion if you love the Canons by all means buy one , but me ... I 'm staying with the EVOLT . You may take pictures faster , but I 'll be taking em better ! Happy Shooting !
 One day , I finally decided to upgrade from my wonderful little Olympus camera I bought several years ago . I chose the Canon EOS 20D 8.2 MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3 .5 -5.6 Lens ; Wow ! Let me give some of you a bit of advice
 Excellent Camera although a little dated now . If you are in the market for a Digital SLR Camera . Consider upgrading to the Canon EOS 40D .
 For what ever reason Canon does n't have a way to change the file prefix - and worse it is the same as some of their other cameras - so it is quite possible to overwrite pictures with the same name!A sane file name would allow the user to put a prefix - like ones initials and then add date and GMT time when the file is moved off of the FAT files system ie -LRB- kps20060201-175317 for Feb 1st 5:53 Pm + 17seconds -RRB-
 The camera is everything I expected it to be and more . Give me a year or so and I may be up to speed on all of it . Everything has been splendid .
 This is the best camera I 've tested . Of course this is NOT the cheapest camera , but if you really love photography this is the product for you !
 Anyone buying this camera to use in basic/automatic mode is not getting their money 's worth . This camera was made to be shot in the creative mode - P , Tv , Av , M mode . In these modes you can set the camera up in any way that you choose . The internal flash works great !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! The camera is unbelievably fast !!!!!!!!!!! The focus is unbelievably fast and accurate !!!!! Buy this camera to shoot in the creative modes and you will be totally satisfied . If you intend on using the fully automatic modes you might as well buy a digicam . If your images are a little dark with the flash all you have to do is add a little flash exposure compensation and solve the problem . Do n't buy this camera if you are looking for something light , small and simple to use . PS the flash works great in creative mode !!!!!!!
 And that includes all the offerings from Nikon , Olympus , and Minolta/Konica . I LOVE this camera . The 10D was felt by many to have focusing issues and though I did not have any significant problem with my 10D in that regard the 20D represents a substantial improvement in this area . Canon still is not offering -LRB- in this price range -RRB- a camera with eye control or 45 focusing points , BUT the nine focusing points that ARE offered are well placed and the camera focuses quickly and surely resulting in tack sharp photos.The pictures this camera takes are simply beyond belief . Beautifully saturated , tack sharp , NO , and I mean NO noise at 400 or below and barely discernible noise all the way up to 1600 ISO . For all practical purposes 1600 ISO is an entirely usable speed resulting in fantastic pictures . What Canon has accomplished in reducing noise and increasing pixel density proves that they are , for now , the technology leader.Another big advantage over the 10D is the instant on feature which does not leave you sitting there helplessly until the camera turns on . That happens instantly ! A new flash system , ETTL II is a vast improvement over the 10D . And , to my eye , there is an improved dynamic range with slightly less blown highlights.The in camera processing results in far more pleasing pictures than the previous 10D or Digital Rebel . This camera has a greater burst -LRB- more pictures quicker -RRB- that the previous 10D . Now there is currently an issue with mirror lockups reported by probably 10 % - 20 % of all owners . If you encounter this problem before you update the firmware then simply take the battery out of the camera , reinsert it , and you 're good to go . Canon has issued a fix and it is available on their web site . It completely remedies the problem so , not to worry!One of the greatest things about digital photography is the ability to build a digital dark room for next to nothing . With the included Photoshop Elements you are well on your way to producing pictures that you could only have imagined in the pre-digital days . I am able to recoup pictures that I never would have considered salvageable before this camera.The other thing I like about Canon is the lens system which IMO is second to none . Also , Canon continues to innovate at a furious pace driving the price of these digital cameras relentlessly downward.I sold my 10D to purchase this camera and for me it represented a significant improvement more than justifying the cost of the upgrade.So , I LOVE the camera . LOVE Canon . And LOVE digital . All in all I 'd say I 'm a pretty happy camper !
 This is my second digital camera . Previously I had used the Fuji Finepix s5000 , but wanted to move up to an SLR system so that I could eventually use a variety of lenses.I was very concerned at the beginning of my DSLR buying process - it seems to me that once a person buys a body and a few lenses , they are committed to that camera maker 's `` system '' pretty much for life , so I wanted to be very certain that this was the right choice . If you purchase a 20d , you are not just buying a 20d , you are making -LRB- often -RRB- a pretty serious financial commitment to Canon technology.I chose a canon 20d for a few reasons ; I had decided early on in the process to stick to Nikon or Canon , as they are the clear leaders not only of Digital SLRs , but of Camera technology in general . Thus , though certain other SLRs like the Olympus E-Volt or the Pentax * istD are attractive , they simply do not have the range of accessories or the support community of either Canon or Nikon.I ended up seriously considering three cameras ; the Canon 350d -LRB- Digital Rebel -RRB- , The Canon 20d , and the Nikon D70 . From talking to other folks who were in the same situation as me , This seems to be a common range of choices people faceI ended up choosing Canon because it seems to me that they have a slightly better line of lenses than Nikon , particularly those available on the used market . This is important , because the more you use your DSLR , the more you will want that lens that is just a slightly wider angle , or just a slightly faster aperture , etc.Once I decided to go for Canon , I chose the 20d over the 350d primarily due to size and toughness . The 350d is a great Camera , and its sensor is very similar to the 20d . However , the 20d 's magnesium alloy chassis is much heavier than the 350d . It can certainly take a lot more abuse than the plastic 350d body - and I tend to take my camera on a lot of long trips . The 350d is a lot lighter , which is nice - but I frankly found its body too small to grip easily . As I have very large hands , this was a serious disadvantage to me . For someone with smaller hands the 350d probably feels fine . You will have to pick one up and judge this for yourself.The layout of the camera itself is a lot easier to use than the 350d as well . The camera requires far less attention when shifting settings than the 350d , and thus frees up your `` focus '' for the subject you are shooting . I can not stress how ergonomic and intuitive I find this camera to be.Since I have purchased the 20d , I have not regretted it for a minute . This camera is a real joy to work with . The viewfinder is nice and bright -LRB- looking through glass again instead of an EVF is a pleasure , believe me -RRB- . The range of ISO settings from 100-1600 is wonderful , particularly nice are long twilight/night shots at ISO 100 that give you some lovely colors . Shooting night and low light with the 20d will blow your mind . The CMOS sensor of the 20d produces almost noiseless images at high ISO settings.The best feature of the camera is the quick start up time . It can go from dormant to actively autofocusing in 0.2 seconds . My previous camera took 2 seconds to `` turn on . '' That may not sound like a great deal , but I lost countless shots due to that fact , and it is what pushed me most to upgrade my camera.I tend to shoot on aperture priority or A-DEP -LRB- like auto , but with no flash -RRB- , but there are a variety of `` pre-set '' modes for portraiture , sports , night shooting , and so on that are easy to use.The megapixel count is nice , but not really that important . Comparing images made from the 6 megapixel Nikon D70 and 8 megapixel Canon 20d , one ca n't really notice any difference until you blow them up to ridiculous sizes . At this level of the MP game , the quality of the lens you use is far more important to final resolution than the sensors pixel count . If you compare the kit lens -LRB- 18-55mm f3.5-5 .6 -RRB- at its wide focal lengths and lower apertures with the canon 50mm f1 .8 prime lens at f8 , It looks like you are shooting with 2 different cameras . The same holds for Nikon as well , so do n't decide for the 20d simply because it has more megapixels than the D70 . Of course , even the worst canon lens beats the hell out of my old digicam on its best day.I have had a few problems with some older third party manufacturer lenses made for the Canon mount , Like Sigma and Tamron , not working with the new 20d body ; but I have been told that if you ship off the lens to the manufacturer they will rechip it for free . All currently manufactured 3rd party lenses ought to work with this body . Keep in mind that the Canon digital sensor is smaller than 35mm film , so there is a `` focal length multiplier '' that makes your lenses `` longer '' than they would be on a regular film SLR . The focal length multiplier for the 20d is 1.6 . That means a 100mm lens on a film camera acts like a 160mm lens on a 20d . For those who like to focus close up with telephoto , that 's great , because you can buy a relatively inexpensive 300mm lens , and it will shoot almost like a 500mm telephoto . I , however , usually shoot wide -LRB- more `` peripheral vision '' -RRB- and prefer shorter lenses , so this is a pain . Of course , I would love to have a `` full frame '' camera like the Canon 5d , but the price is simply to much.It has a number of strengths and weaknesses , which I will detail below : Strengths : The variety of lenses is excellent.Lenses on second hand market are reasonably pricedIntroductory high speed lens -LRB- less than f2 -RRB- is inexpensive -LRB- canon 50mm f1 .8 -RRB- Autofocus aquires targets quicklyContinuous shooting mode is quick - autofocus recalibrates for each shot.Extremely high ISO capability -LRB- 1600 -RRB- for low light situationsBody is physically tough.Very fast top shutter speed -LRB- 1/8000 -RRB- allows open apertures in well lit situations.Manual focus easy to usePop up flash is very high above camera , and thus avoids casting shadowsFlash recycles quicklyCF card memory system is versatile and inexpensiveUser interface is the best I have ever seenCan be used as a blunt weapon if you are muggedWeaknesses : It ai n't cheapVery heavy , particularly with long lensesYou may end up spending money on glass that rivals a serious crack addictionLonger focal length multiplier -LRB- 1.6 -RRB- than film , or than Nikon -LRB- 1.5 -RRB- . Does n't work well with older 3rd party lenses without rechipping.Mirror is very loud , particularly if you are used to a point and shoot.Comparison with Nikon :20 d is better at telephoto -LRB- lenses have internal motors -RRB- D70 is better at wide angle shots -LRB- focal length multiplier is lower -RRB- 20d is better at low light -LRB- lower noise , lower ISO setting -RRB- . Nikon fans believe that all Canon users are heretics , and vice versa , so why compare them you dirty heathen .
 Update : I just spent three weeks in Africa in a very desolate and harsh environment with this camera . I have to add - Do n't overlook the construction on your dSLR . I had heavy long telephoto lenses on it and the performance of the magnesium case , metal mounts , weather proofing , battery grip all is just amazing . I hate to imagine how a lesser plastic frame might have performed . After traveling by rattling/vibration ridden truck for days , dugout canoes in the middle of swamps , airplanes , hiking -- I came to appreciate Canon 's commitment to construction . This camera and and the entire EOS system held up superbly under extremely abusive circumstances and can understand why professional photographers prefer this brand . And the pictures ? Oh My , the pictures are just simply the best pictures I have ever taken in my life . Not just because of the locations but because of this terriffic equipment . My friend who had another major brand of camera complained about a muddy ant inside his lens , imagine a muddy ant inside his other major brand lens while he was shooting -- not with my Canon equipment -LRB- the sealing held up great -RRB- . Albeit - he 's a better photographer so he probably got amazing shots I did n't -- I did n't worry about the equipment . A + + + to Canon for the camera , the lenses , the battery grip - everything.On other news , I just read that canon is releasing the 5D so I guess my info from the original review was correct . Its definitely a bigger higher end camera and at $ 3,200 definitely in a different class . I think I 'll keep my 20D for telephoto work and but with its full frame sensor , I might get a 5D for wide angle photography . Again , amazing equipment from Canon.Original Review : I 'm a first time dSLR buyer -LRB- bought the 20D from Amazon -- great service -RRB- . This was a big jump for me and I read and I read before I decided on this purchase and whether I should jump into the dSLR world . I 'd outgrown point and shoot a while back.On the 20D . I agonized over the 10D and the 6megapix Digital Rebel until the 20D came out and I quickly decided on the 20D . I picked the 20D because of solid magnesium case , 9point autofocus , 8.2 megapix sensor and DIGIC II , and Instant On . So even after the Rebel XT came out -- the 20D is in a different class altogether . The 20D is a professional chassis and you can use it as a pro camera -- the Rebel is for world travelers -LRB- In my opinion -RRB- . My agony now is over what type of photography I want to do . I only have the kit lens and a $ 79 dollar 50mm f/1 .8 II ... lenses are expensive especially the good ones as I 'm learning : Here is what I 've learned -LRB- intended for the new people who are wondering if they want dSLR or not -RRB- . dSLR is really about the lenses and the options that you can use on the camera . You need great lenses for great pictures . This is my gradeschool version on dSLRs and lenses and I hope it helps : The setup -- Lets suppose you are standing next to your car and on your car 's hood sits your girlfriend and on the hood unbeknownst to her sits a litle grasshopper . Behind your car is a lake and in the distance there 's a huge snow capped mountain . This is the difference lenses make : Prime Lenses
 I purchased the Canon 20D package with the stock 18-55mm zoom lens about three weeks ago . Since then , I have taken several hundred pictures and am very happy with the camera - highly recommended if you can justify the price . I 've broken this review up into sections due to its length .1 . Lensa . 18-55 mm stock lensThe lens is n't great , but on the other hand , it 's not bad . On the pro side , it 's lightweight , cheap , small , and seems to focus fairly quickly . The only bad thing about the lens is that it produces slightly soft pictures , but if you wo n't be blowing the pictures up too large , you probably wo n't notice.b . 17-85 mm USM IS lensBeing obsessed with quality , after having the camera for about a week , I purchased -LRB- also on Amazon -RRB- the Canon 17-85 mm USM IS -LRB- Image Stabilized -RRB- zoom lens . I 've been very happy with this lens and would recommend it if you can afford it . The IS is quite impressive - it really works . This lens is n't perfect either , but it seems noticeably better than the 18-55 -LRB- and only six times as expensive !! -RRB- .2 . Compact FlashI 'd recommend that you purchase a SanDisk Ultra II 1 GB compact flash card with it - these are sold here on Amazon . This card provides about 5 MB per second write speed which is significantly better than many of the cheaper cards - there are some websites on the net which review cards -LRB- and even one which has tested them all in a Canon 20D -RRB- - it 's worth looking into .3 . BatteryThe battery life has been very good for me so far - the specs say that you can take about 1000 pictures with flash on half of them , and I do n't doubt that -LRB- although I have n't pushed it that far yet -RRB- . The charger is also nice and compact -LRB- easy to travel with -RRB- and charges the batteries in about an hour and a half -LRB- fast ! -RRB- .4 . DesignThis camera is fun to take pictures with ! Through the lens composing allows precise control of depth of field , focus , and cropping - it 's also much easier to use in full sunlight as compared to a point and shoot digicam . It operates much like a film SLR in that you set most of the settings on the top LCD panel , compose through the viewfinder , etc. , but it also adds the color LCD screen to view the pictures you 've just taken . The other thing I really like about this over a film SLR is the ability to set the ISO and white balance on the fly . With film , you 'd have to load a different roll of film for different lighting conditions or ISO - now it 's the simple twist of a dial . While these features are available on most consumer point and shoot digital cameras , they 're generally much harder to get to through the menu system . One great advantage of this camera is that it has so * many * buttons and dials - it 's very easy to get to most frequently used functions without wading through extensive menus . They 're also very ergonomically placed so I can switch most settings I care about while looking through the viewfinder just by feel.Another nice pro is the backlit top LCD panel which makes night shooting easy .5 . Bad PointsHmm . . Not much I can think of that I do n't like about it . My camera came with a ` starter quantity of dust ' -LRB- quoted from some other website -RRB- on the imaging chip - but I was able to blast it off with a rubber bulb . Be aware that digital SLR 's tend to gather dust on the chip - especially if you change lenses a lot - but this is nothing against Canon - it happens on them all.It 's a shame that it does n't show you the current ISO setting in the viewfinder -LRB- or on the top panel unless you hit a button -RRB- . Several times I 've left it at ISO 1600 by accident when I did n't really need that speed.It 's a little heavy , but I find that I actually like the weight - makes it feel more solid.I wish it had an IR receiver so you could use an infra-red remote with it - but alas - it does n't -LRB- even though the Digital Rebel does ! -RRB- . I had to buy the Canon RS-80N3 wired remote -LRB- which works well -RRB- .7 . ConclusionAn awesome camera overall - definitely go for it if you can afford it ! I still kept my old compact digicam as a backup for cases when I do n't want to carry an SLR , but in general , I 'll use it 95 % of the time . Much more enjoyable to take pictures with than a standard digicam - try it - you 'll like it .
 A year ago I sold my Digital Rebel on eBay and purchased the 20D . I have since not looked back . This camera has brought nothing but joy to myself and others . The sharpness and colors from the famed Canon sensor are true to their reputation . Friends and family all love the pictures that come out of this camera . I take it with me almost everywhere I go.After selling my Rebel , I debated upgrading to the new Rebel XT or the 20D , which I 'm sure many of you might be having right now before pulling the trigger . I held both in my hand and played with them at the PMA tradeshow where the XT was introduced . It was very light and felt very small in my hands . I do n't have exceptionally large hands , but the XT felt like it was designed for smaller hands . That being said , it is a great travel partner to have being so compact and light-weight . The other drawback , however , is that the user interface is quite different from the 20D . Although it may seem like a trivial feature , the dial navigation on the 20D has been immensely more convenient and practical when shooting compared to pressing the buttons on the Rebel or the XT . I did n't like having to navigate through the ISO or other changes to white balance via the LCD screen . I definitely think there 's a reason why the 20D is more expensive beyond the fact that it has the solid magnesium alloy body . The user interface for me was worth the extra money as well . The more you take photos , the more you will realize the freedom that comes with controlling your aperture , shutter speed , white balance and more with the 20D interface versus the XT . That being said , it is still several hundred dollars more expensive and the XT has pretty much the same sensor -LRB- just 0.2 fewer megapixels -RRB- with the same results in a different body . So do n't be concerned about getting inferior photos with the XT , because the differences are mostly all external.I highly recommend getting the kit lens with either camera . For an additional $ 70-100 it is well worth it just for the range and it has pretty decent quality results . Bang for your buck it ca n't be beat . Make sure you pick up a EF 50mm f/1 .8 II USM lens for another $ 70-80 . This is a powerful little lens at a great price . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 I 've owned the 20D since November 2004 , and I must have shot around 10,000 pictures with it . Before that , I had a Canon Powershot A80 , which delivered consistently good pictures , but was slooooow to start up and had a big shutter lag . The 20D solves these problems with flying colors -LRB- no pun intended -RRB- . Start up is instantaneous -LRB- you will spend much longer removing the lens cap ! -RRB- and there 's no shutter lag.The other expectation that I had was to get shallow depth of field in my pictures -LRB- almost impossible with the A80 -RRB- . The problem was that I ordered the camera with the basic 18-55mm lens that comes with it . I shot with nothing but this lens during 6 months -LRB- I could n't afford anything else -RRB- , and was not very satisfied with the sharpness -LRB- even by changing the parameter in the custom functions -RRB- , the vibrance of the colors , and the poor bokeh . I tried a demo version of DXO optics pro , which made me realize how soft my basic lens was . It 's OK , I knew I should n't expect too much from that basic lens.When I was able to afford a second lens , I realized how good the 20D could be . I got a Canon 70-200mm f4L telephoto lens , and man ! does this make a difference ! The pictures I get with that lens are awesome
 I just got this 20D from Amazon last week . I ordered the body only and the EF-S 17-85 IS lens with it . Shipping was on-time . Regarding the camera - it takes great pictures but man is it heavy ! With the EF-S 17-85 lens , it feels like it weighs 5 pounds when it is hanging from my neck or when I 'm holding it . The build quality is excellent , though . However , I ca n't help but think I should have compromised for the new Digital Rebel XT . The XT and 20D have nearly the same image quality -LRB- 8.2 MP for the 20D and 8.0 MP for the XT -RRB- and have the exact same processor -LRB- Digic II -RRB- . However , the build quality of the XT is noticeably cheaper and flimsier than the 20D . But , at a savings of $ 500 dollars , I 'd highly recommend taking a serious look at the XT . Its significantly lighter and will probably be around longer than the 20D -LRB- Web rumors suggest that Canon will replace the 20D around Christmas with a newer prosumer DSLR that will be rougly analogous to the Mark 1D -LRB- 11.1 MP , etc. -RRB- . As it stands , Canon has released a new prosumer model almost annualy since 1999 . And $ 500 dollars is still $ 500 dollars . I would suggest going to a local retailer -LRB- like Best Buy -RRB- to play with both models before you make a purchase . Either way , I would recommend buying from Amazon . I have used Amazon.com for 2 years now and have had no complaints with them thus far . Also , I would highly recommend checking out www.dpreview.com and www.bobatkins.com to read other reviews of these and other cameras . I found these sites to be helpful when I was preparing for my purchase.The bottom line is that I am pleased with the 20D , the 17-85 lens , and the ordering/shipping process as well . I hope you find this review helpful .
 If you want the full hard core review of this camera you need to be looking somewhere like -LSB- ... -RSB- because there 's far more to this camera than a normal user will ever meet.Having said that we are left with just the little bits and pieces a normal user would use.The camera is actually a little smaller than optimal for a person with average sized hands , the little finger of the right hand has nowhere to sit and the EOS10D actually feels better . But in normal use you wo n't notice this . The viewfinder is small , in many cases you just have to trust that it really has done a good job of focus because there is n't enough image for you to see for yourself . I find it quite difficult to be certain that I even have the camera level . It 's also not the brightest viewfinder you ever saw.Battery life is very good , even powering an image stabilized lens , I just filled a 1Gb card on a single battery , that 's a few hundred images and the battery still is n't showing low.Dust has been a small issue , there are cameras now that will clean their own sensor but this is n't one . I eventually found a good hand air blower . You can not use canned air or a brush to clean the sensor , either can damage the camera badly . Once I got the dust off , it was there from new , it has remained clean . So maybe it 's not that much of an issue . I use Tokina 24-200 , Canon 50mm and Sigma 80-400 OS EX lenses , so I do change the lens fairly often , so perhaps dust is n't that big an issue.Switch on is unbelievably fast , slow switch on times have cost me numerous shots with other cameras , with the 20D the camera is on by the time you realize the switch has clicked into place . Speaking of which , on a camera with excellent ergonomics the on-off switch is about the only thing that does n't come to hand well , but it 's not a factor in normal use . Just not perfect.Low light performance has been excellent , the camera will shoot at 800 or even 1600 ASA with no apparent noise . You can even configure it to use 3200ASA , but you get significant noise effects with some faint horizontal lines and grain like effects , though I was shooting under sodium light . Even at 3200ASA the pictures are better than with fast print film under similar conditions.You do need to be mindful that the exposure controls on this camera really do do what they say , you need to keep your eye on the shutter speed and aperture to get the shot you think you want , this is n't an instant camera that will just make the most of it . Most of the time the idiot modes , sport or scenic or whatever , will actually do a good job of picking the right settings . If you are in a hurry then use the built in functions . For example , in sports mode it switches to predictive autofocus , shutter priority and continuous shooting , which are all good choices.The autofocus is excellent , however in programmed modes you need to pay attention to which of the focus zones it has actually selected . If there is something closer to you than the subject you may need to select the correct focus point , fortunately this is very easy to do , you can hit the control and then select the focus point using the joystick , both with your right thumb.Another minor irritation to me is that if you are using the fully auto mode , which does a very good job of most things , it will sometimes select the flash even though the autofocus should tell it that the subject is way out of range . Perhaps I expect too much?Picture quality ? Well , unless you have an absolutely perfect lens and need to make 36 '' wide posters you are unlikely to find that the camera is a limiting factor . I 'm actually waiting to see an Epson R1800 because the current generation of printers ca n't reproduce the quality I have available with this camera and my lenses.The built in flash is inadequate and the flash metering is soometimes poor , I was taking pictures near a road recently and whenever a reflective sign was in shot the picture was under exposed . Recharge times are pretty poor too , but I think the built in flash should be regarded as an emergency or backup method only , if you are serious then you need a serious flash . I 'll be adding either the Speedlite 580EX or a Metz 54 flash in the near future.I 'll also be adding an L-series lens in place of the Tokina , the Tokina is OK , but not good enough for my brothers wedding.Would I buy it again ? Sure . Will I trade for the next great EOS digital to come on the scene ? Unlikely . Maybe if it has a larger viewfinder and a 35mm sensor , but this camera already does way more than I need .
 I do n't think there is a camera out there that can compete with the Canon EOS 20d for the money . I am a semi professional photographer and I take images from high speed action to high def . macro . The range of features on this camera is amazing . The custom settings , the auto settings and the scenery settings are all perfect . The camera adjusts the white balance perfectly AND it lets you customize it if you want . It takes 8.2 mega pixels which will let you enlarge phots to as big as you can print them without losing quality . It has speed like no other digital camera . It says in its advertsing that it can take up to 23 shots at a time at 5 frames per second . The advertising is wrong . It can take well OVER 23 shots at a time at 5 frames a second . I have personaly take over 7 seconds of continuos shooting . 36 frames to be exact . And that is at 8.2 megapixels . It takes a high end memory card to do it , but it does it none the less . Image quality ? Amazing . Ease of use ? Phenominal . Those who say it is complicated probably ca n't set up their alarm clock either . Do n't get me wrong , this camera is so feature rich that you will need to read the manual to get it all figured out . But out of the box without reading a thing I was taking advanced shots , setting my own shutter and or f-stop , changing ISO speeds , taking single and multi burts shots and more without reading the manaul . Now I 've worked with digitals before but never a canon . The construction is top rate . It feels solid in your hand . It doesnt feel plasticky , or hollow . The controls are easy to reach , and it 's comfortable to hold . Ive heard of people complain that it 's to small . Well , I 've got fairly large hands and I dont have any trouble holding it . One of the best features on this camera though is thenearly instant on . .2 seconds from flipping the switch to taking a picture . This has saved me a number of times . It also turns off after a minute of sitting idle to save battery life . Then you simply press the shutter button down and it 's back on instantly . Oh ya . . one of the best things about it for me ... it records the photo settings along with the image . When I go back and review my images the camera can also tell me what the exact settings were for each shot so I know what to set them to for the best picture . The battery life is simply amazing as well . I have a 2 gig flash card in my camera . I took over 500 pictures at a mountain bike race last weekend , and I wasnt even close to the end of the power life . Canon says it will take over 700 pics per charge . I believe it ! I honestly ca n't think of anything negative about this camera . Oh wait ... the viewing screen is a bit small , and a bit hard to see in the sun . If they could make the viewing screen bigger , and more direct light viewing friendly , this camera would be perfect in my opinion . Do n't get me wrong , its not TO small . Just smaller than I prefer . All in all though , I have looked at a LOT of cameras , and I have not found one that even comes close to this one . It has more features , and nicer features . More memory and a faster shooting speed . Easier operation , and better build than any of the cameras that compare in price . So unless you want to spend 3-4000 dollars ... the 20d is the way to go .
 Just a little over a year ago , I became fascinated with digital photography , but not for the reasons most amateur photographers cite . I was in the market for a new home and , as I was looking at one with my realtor one day , I ran across a home filled with pictures . These were all pictures taken by the owners with SLR and D-SLR cameras . The pictures were diverse , but they simply made the home quite warm and interesting -LRB- disclosure
 After several years of gradually adjusting to the `` digital revolution '' I decided that it was time to take the plunge and move up to a digital SLR . As a long time Canon emulsion-camera enthusiast it seemed logical to stay with the people I knew , and I have to say I am simply delighted . The 20D is tough enough to deal with field conditions -LRB- I am an ecologist who needs must spend extended periods on foggy off shore islands -RRB- and , while less portable than the `` pocket '' digital I have used previously , the results are simply superb . Things of particular note for wildlife photographers include the enormous range of exposure and auto-focus options , the rapid cycle time and `` burst-mode '' filming that has allowed me to capture guillemots on the wing , the intelligently placed and organized controls , a nice , bright LCD display that allows you to review what you have taken while you are still out of doors , and then of course the ability to use REAL telephoto lenses ! I got a Canon 100-300 right away and could n't be happier with the results . This is a serious camera for serious users but it also has enough `` auto '' features that novices will get great results out of the box . Oh yeah , did I mention battery life ? I find that I can shoot and shoot and shoot until the crows come home ...
 This is how an SLR should feel -- solid and sturdy without being overbearingly heavy and clumsy . It fits naturually into your hands and feels balanced with a range of lenses attached . The autofocus on this camera is unbelievably fast and accurate . It has become a favorite of photojournalists , and it 's easy to see why .
 Fast , accurate , and produces amazing results . I take lots of indoor shots in low light , even indoor sports shots -LRB- I use two fast Canon zoom lenses -RRB- and they come out unimaginably beautiful with the 20D 's amazingly clean ISO 1600 performance . The camera reposnds instantly , and focuses so fast I almost never perceive any lag at all . The camera is built like a tank with a very solid feel , and the 5 fps shutter has earned me an unbelieveble collection of sports action shots I could not have gained otherwise.Cons ? I wish the current ISO setting was displayed in the viewfinder , and the shutter is a little louder than my old Minolta 7000i -LRB- film SLR -RRB- . However , this camera feels like an extension of my hand when I am holding it , and I have no plans to replace it for several years .
 I upgraded from a digital rebel to the 20D . I am an aviation photographer and need the speed that this camera provides with a 5fps shutter and 26 image buffer -LRB- large jpg -RRB- . I was very satisfied with the battery life of my digital rebel , but the 20D does even better with up to 700 images per charge with the BP-511A battery . For a backup , I can still use the BP-511s from my rebel.I have not experienced any lockups or Err99 messages , just outstsanding photographs using Canon L lenses . The camera also works well with my Canon 550EX flash . I 'm the type of guy who only reads a manual as a last resort . I have n't needed it with the 20D . Eveything is intuitive and easy to find.If you are looking for a professional grade camera that will produce photographs that you can be proud of , buy the 20D .
 This is my 5th digital camera . Previously had used my trust EOS-1N and just accepted that my pictures were going to be a lot worse and -LRB- because of &#62; 1 second latencies -RRB- never in the thick of the action . The 20D is my first digital camera experience that brings me back to the EOS-1N experience . Wonderful . Latency is subsecond and enough to catch my kids in full unposed action and the photographs are looking good again . As this is an SLR I had to give up my habit of using the LCD to frame the shot . Also realized that this camera does not take video -LRB- another newer habit from the other digital cameras -RRB- .
 My first 20d had a problem with flash exposure in auto mode . I returned camera and the replacement worked fine in auto mode . -LRB- with flash -RRB- Good for that quick picture , and helps out greatly while I 'm learning all the many features . The lens for me was great for that extra $ 100 . Later I can get the 17 to 85 . Also I must add , after learning how to use the built in flash , it does everything I want it to . Very happy with my purchase .
 This camera is so rock solid it 's amazing . Nearly everything about it is perfect . It 's solidly constructed , works fantastically out of the box with almost no studying . With some work and experience it 's obvious that this body is one that professionals would use if they are n't going to a larger format . The lens that comes with it is of middling quality , but it 's plenty good to get started in the SLR field.It comes on almost instantly , has a powerful built flash , excellent battery life , and it 's user interface is very easy to get used to . The automation is just amazing and for the most part turns out great shots . Custom modes are great too . The autofocus is excellent , especially when paired with a good lens.Really the only thing I 've ever felt this camera could have used was a larger sensor -LRB- it 's not a full 35mm -RRB- . This is part and parcel with the difficulty of getting a good wide shot . You have to go with the EF-S lenses to get a 10 -LRB- which is a 16 after conversion -RRB- and that lens is n't an L . But the Digic processing is truly second to none , and that makes up for a lot here.Even so , the convenience and utility of a digital , the warmth and feel of film , and Canon 's well-known quality and decent customer service makes this bad-boy a 5 . Accept no substitute !
 I bought this back in March from Amazon , specifically for a trip we were taking to Washington DC . I only had a couple of days to get used to the controls before we departed . I have owned mostly Canon cameras in my time and the 20D felt comfortable and familiar from the start . It has an intuitive design and pressing a button and/or turning one of the wheels provides access to the most important and basic functions . I was immediately impressed by the sharpness of the photos , the speed of the autofocus and near instantaneous turn on , as well as the light , yet solid , feel of the body . The ISO range is fantastic and easy to change , great when you do n't have a tripod and flash is out of the question - think an orchestra performing Bach 's St. John in the National Cathedral . I 've also used the camera to photograph rally cars speeding by in a dwindling light and was impressed.The 20D provides control over all of the functions that you would want , and if not , it will do everything for you . For an advanced amateur , or someone who wants to take their photography to the next level , I think you will find this a camera worth buying . I compared it to other brands within it 's price range and found that the 20D is more comfortable , easier to use , and more sophisticated than the others . The price is coming down from what I paid and I 'm now considering getting a second one .
 Both my kids play volleyball and soccer . Soccer is easier to shoot from an available light perspective , harder from a large field to cover with a lens perspective . Volleyball -LRB- like basketball -RRB- is diabolical from an available light perspective . Indoor gymnasium lights are horrible at best . Setting a `` custom white balance '' is optimal , although the 20D AWB does pretty well in many gyms . You need to use high ISO settings -LRB- typically 1600 , sometimes 3200 in a dim gym -RRB- , and large apertures -LRB- f 2.8 -RRB- to get shutter speeds that begin to freeze the on-court action . It was the shooting demands of indoor volleyball that led me to the Canon 20D . Even at high ISO settings the 20D has acceptably low image noise.Its second winning attribute is its speed . It has very little shutter lag -LRB- ~ 65ms with preset exposure and focus -RRB- . I briefly owned a Digital Rebel 300D . It 's shutter lag was considerably longer . Especially given the 300D lack of a custom function to allow focusing on demand -LRB- CF-4 set so ' * ' button locks focus -RRB- . This custom function is the secret to shooting action sports . The 20D focuses quickly and on demand . -LRB- It focuses much faster than the 300D and orders of magnitude faster than a point 'n shoot digital camera I started with -RRB- . It has a very fast burst rate of 5 frames/second . -LRB- But , do n't count on fast bursts to catch the action ! Even at 5 fps I have shot sequences in which the ball never appears in any of the frames of a hard driven `` spike '' in volleyball ! The ball enters and exits the frame in < 1/5 of a second ! You still have to learn to time your shots for that kind of action . -RRB- I probably should have bought the `` body only '' . The kit lens is useless for indoor sports . I occasionally use it for a large group shot in tight quarters . But for action sports the `` kit lens '' is virtually useless . It is too slow , and the shrinking aperture as you zoom in , makes it difficult to set a fixed exposure . For volleyball I shoot with two alternate lens , both of which I can highly recommend -RRB- . I use a Tamaron 28-75 F2 .8 when I can get close to the sidelines and a Canon 70-200 F2 .8 for when I 'm on the end lines or up in the bleachers . Both lens have a constant aperture when zooming . Both lens are relatively `` fast lens '' that work well under gymnasium lighting conditions.When I go outdoors the 70-200 with a 1.4 x tele-extender becomes my primary shooting setup for soccer.With the 20D I have taken thousands of sports pictures . I 've become the semi-official team photographer for 5 different sports teams . The other parents order prints from my website . `` Point and shoot '' digital cameras work fine for the `` medal ceremonies '' and the side-line shots of the fans , and candid shots between matches . But for capturing the action you ca n't touch a DSLR . I shot one season with a Canon G-3 -LRB- a very good point
 I 've had 4 digital cameras , after 15 years of amateur film photography . This is my first DSLR -LRB- 4th digicam , 2 SLR -RRB- . I bought this camera about 4 months from amazon . It is a certainly remarkable camera . Be warned though
 First of all I did n't buy the camera on Amazon because they would n't ship it overseas while I was on military deployment . It cost about the same on B&H ; from which I had no problems as a previous reviewer commented on . Another reviewer was dissapointed becuase of the Fully Auto settings ?! Come on ... if you pay this much for a camera why would you want to only use it for the auto settings ? That person must have really had money to burn and thought that the more expensive the camera , the better pictures they 'll get . I had to laugh . This camera gives really great pictures at the auto settings , but I bought it to get into the seriousness of photography , and because I owned a Canon Rebel II about ten years ago that was stolen . Since the beginning of digital photography I could n't wait until D-SLRs with interchangeable lenses were available and I knew that they would n't be cheap either considering ! I 've taken some really good pictures with my point/shoot Sony cybershot camera , but I finally extended the possibilities of shots I was able to achieve with it , like throwing a background out of focus without getting extremly close to my subject , or lack of aperture settings or telephoto zooms . I loved my Canon Rebel II at the time , but was really a beginner when I had it and did n't understand photography as much until after it was stolen , this was the main factor for me choosing Canon instead of Nikon . The settings felt the same and remember I have n't used that camera in years and it just felt natural . Needless to say I 'm getting better at photography and this camera gives me great pictures without me wasting a roll of film to see how my photos came out . Got ta love digital technology right ?! If you have the dough get the camera with the 17-85mm package . Unless you 're looking for super telephoto or superwide this lense will sastify you for a while on all types of photos.One other thing I hear about is the 1.6 x crop factor ? Maybe it 's just me but the 50mm looks like 50mms to me . I do n't have a 35mm film camera to compare it with , but oh well . I gave it four stars only because of my history with Amazon and I could n't buy it from them .
 I received this camera a few weeks ago . Since then , I have taken a hundreds of shots and it 's by far the best camera I have ever owned.The shots are crisp and clean and the flash works great even though I have not purchased an external flash yet . The speed of the shutter amazes me along with a beautiful captured shot . There are many accessories available , though not inexpensive , well worth the price.Price-wise
 I was thinking between the Rebel XT and 20d . I did n't like the plastic body of the Rebel XT . Also the XT size is like miniature SLR or a crossbred between point-n-shoot and SLR , it just did n't right in my hand . But , the 20D fits like the gloves in my hands . The 20d is a litle bigger than XT . It 's metal is rock solid.I like to travel and take a lot of pictures of people . I thought if I have to take pictures , people will notice me of my shootings , I might as well carry the best camera that I could afford which is the 20d . I just bought mine about 3 weeks ago and I 've been taking more than 3000 pictures . I use Canon EF 28-135mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS USM len -LRB- Made in Japan len -RRB- . The IS -LRB- Image Stabilization -RRB- feature of the len is a must . Most of the my pics are very sharp . I 'm still playing around with this camera . Some of my pics are blurred because I used third party flash Metz Mecablitz 45 CL-4 , and it did not synch correctly for right amount of flash needed . I shot mostly in automatic -LRB- P mode -RRB- TTL flash.Since I 've spent a good amount of money on the camera already , I thought I might as well invest in a good flash . I just ordered through Amazon -LRB- which prices are very competitive to Beach or Adorama , B&H ;-RRB- the Canon 580EX flash . I hope this flash will do the trick.To sum up , so far so good . Very happy with my Canon 20d . The battery that comes with is amazing ! I took more than 1000 pictures before I realized I need to recharged , just in case . Also the full recharge of the battery takes less than 2 hours . I plan to get the Canon BGE2 Battery Grip and extra battery set . It 's not that I really need it , but I just like the beefed-up look of this camera and made me look like a pro . I 'm glad I picked this one over the Rebel XT -- I do n't think the XT would have the extension of the battery Grip like the 20D . One more thing . Amazon.com reviews influenced me to buy this camera . I 'm very happy with prices and services which makes Amazon my one stop shopping and reading reviews on books and all electronic gadgets .
 This is a great and easy camera , I take many action photos , like surfing and the results are amazing .
 My kids are in competitive Tae Kwon Do . I have now used the camera my wife gave me one year ago at several tournaments . It is able to stop action and take great shots even in low lighting . Now , we tried it when we went skiing and it also worked great in the glare conditions of the snow . I bought a monopod that worked real well to stabalize and I use software called PhotoFinale to crop and share the photos.One year into the usage I am still looking forward to each chance I get to play with this `` toy '' . Next options
 Another good camera by Canon , has so many features it would be hard to give all the details here . Recommended to all .
 I purchased this camera after using the EOS 10D and was very pleased with the price and value for money , it was shipped promptly as advised by Amazon . I have used the camera professionaly and it has met or exceeded my needs and expectations on all occassions . -LSB- ... -RSB- It can be very easy to use in the fully automatic mode , and my son uses same to take pictures also , with great results.I would recommend this camera without reservation , well done Canon .
 This is great . I was surprised no lens caps or that I needed software to download pics . This would have been more helpful .
 I have looked for a long time and owned manye digital cameras . but none I have had compare to this . Most good digitals in low light have a delay from the time you press the button until it takes pic . but this thing even with flash is instant . We went out side just after the sun set . and used the camera on P setting with iso of 100 . -LRB- Very easy to figure out and use this stuff too -RRB- . I got my wife to jump off the ground . I took 4 pics of her before she landed . No way you would even get a pick of her in air with a reg . digital . We did not time it I just focused then tried to get her jumping . this camera has blew me away . you will not no the differance from this to a real 35mm unless you are a true pro . Useing real lens I think helps as well insteady of built in digital . But the big thing is the DSLR if you want to capture objects moving then please get this camera or at least a dSLR .
 I received this for Christmas , 2005 . It takes excellent pictures . It is pricey , but well worth it . I am very impressed , with the quality of the photos and the quality of the camera . You do not have to wait between pictures , it can take multiply picture at a time.I have several Sony digital cameras and 2 Minolta film cameras and this is the best of the lot .
 Very nice camera , after a few days of shooting and reading the manual a couple times you 'll feel comfortable with the layout and use of the buttons . This is my first digital SLR I have a couple 35mm SLR 's . I am very pleased with quality of the camera and photos
 This camera has an extremely good quality , and it 's so easy to use , that it 's so much fun to `` play '' with .
 This is the greatest camera . The pictures are unbelievably awesome . The flexibility is unparalleled . Words escape me.I used to shoot with a Powershot G2 , and had a lot of fun , took a lot of great pictures . However , with this new camera , I simply ca n't put it down . I look for excuses to use it.I 'm totally addicted .
 I wish no one knew about this camera because it is too cheap and too good . Now pro and joker r playing with the same toys . the game is up . I use the film SL$ Eos 3 and 1 so it was hard for me to buy this `` cheap '' camera . But when i looked at it next to the 1D the difference didnt justify spending 3 * as much . The only thing i wish it had was the eye control tingie and a better shutter mechanism -LRB- it is too loud man -RRB- . Also i hate the point and shoot selection thing . Actually i dont like dials i like buttons -LRB- but that is being picky -RRB- . It is just to cheap for what it does , any and everyone can now be a pro . But i guess u still need to know how to use the camera to get the shots . the best 800 i spent this year , within 2 months of having it it has paid for itself in the i have saved on film .
 There seems to be plenty of hyperbole over the specs of this camera vs. the nikon d70 . very few of the specifications are so far apart that it makes a huge difference . I guarantee that a professional photographer could figure out how to get the most out both cameras.Most people i 've spoken with that have this camera are upgrading from point and shoots or SLR style cameras from sony , nikon , olympus , canon , etc. . This is not a point 'n' shoot inspite of the novice settings on the dial.Just because you pay $ 1400 for a camera does n't mean it will convert your snapshots into artwork . If you 're into taking candid shots of your kids goofing off or your wife snoring with her mouth open , or granny 's dentures falling out , Stick with a point 'n' shoot . But if you want to develop the art and craft of photography , that takes patient work and time.Nikon , Canon , Fuji , Pentax , etc. . It does n't matter . Camera 's do n't make pictures .
 I ordered the camera from Beach Camera . My package was sent no signature required . They set my new 20d on the porch and left . What would have happened if my neighbor had not been the one to pick it up !!!!!!
 Best deal about the camera , go and buy Canon EOS 20D 8.2 MP Digital SLR Camera with EF-S 18-55mm f/3 .5 -5.6 Lens . You can add flash memory to increase its memory and can record a good amount of video clips as well .
 Having owned and loved my 10D but for not very long my very honest and not to over-sale camera sales person suggested I not upgrade . He shoots wide angle a lot and I am a rapid fire person , forever and qucikly changing focal length who loves to take kids without them knowing and rarely miss or use a wide angle per se . So his counter part disagreed owning both the 10 and 20 D and I followed suit and have been very impressed but at the same time also upgraded myself to the 20D lens series with the 17-85 lens and the `` L glass and Image stabiliazation '' as my guy says . The lens that comes with the camera is pretty musch garbage and should be bought with body only or with the upgrade to this fine L lens series unless wanting to go into the thousands for each lens . The pictures have been fabulous so I am not sure how much due to the upgrade to the 20 or the upgrade of the lens . I am dissappointed in the focal length however as previously with an off brand but good 28-200 and I loved the fact I could be taking the whole pool at a party or the nose of a kid and they did not know . This new lens does not provide the length I like so will now purchase the 70 to 200 but consider this a crucial point in terms of focal lentgh to be switching lenses and with the time to switch out a lens and I have numb hands . I am concerned it will slow down my style . Other canon lenses are either in the thousands or lack the image stabilization or the wonderful glass quality of this new 20D series . I will keep a new Tamaron 28 - 200 for the cases in which I feel this is the best alternative as when not needing the same quality and not wanting to change . Also as a red eye hater and I do not care how manty photo editing programs you have , I would only have this or any camera with the flash attachment and find my 550 from the 10d just fine . Be careful as their are items now for just the 20D and not interchangeable with the 10D and I have seen people dissappointed receiving the wrong information . This is a fabulous camera and the sports function is a blast for making of slide shows with photos . Set the time of each photo at one second and the sliide show resembles a video and yet you have the beauty of the pictures . Buy a basic book on how to shoot what you shoot and you can not go wrong . The only way to go wrong is to not take pictures at the highest level even if you still are so excited about how wonderful it is you get more pictures at shooting at a lower level . You must buy a good and I mean a good gig compact flash disk . -LRB- at least one -RRB- Why brag about the price of your costco cheap gig disk with slow processing when spending the money for a camera with quick ? Also then should of bought the lower level mega pixel any way . Let your email program condense but do not loose the ability to crop ! Take , take , take and remember that the best pros used to say of a roll of 36 you were lucky if one picture turns out good maybe two . Do not analyse your roll in playback while shooting or you will miss the next great shot but have discovered the hard to take child can easily be brought into the process by taking their picture , checking for focus and then in playback showing them how you can magnify to their eye lashes . This gets them all the time . Then they are fun and relaxed and no more mug shots as they now want to see how you can do that . Also the joy of the garbage can . I took 450 pictures of my kids school during the halloween festivities and submit to the yearbook but my passion . Why not take so many . You should see my collectiuon of shots . 450 no way . 475 with the cropping out of individuals and garbage canning the not good . No editing , usually just the cropping and done . Then back up and remember the pictures you print today will be gone in 30 to 40 years so the back up on disk mandatory as that wonderful scrapbook that will not have pictures most likely by the time little Johnny now 3 months has kids at 35 can be redone or the pictures still here . Keep that film camera and bring it out no matter how it hurts or feels good and take some black and white four times a year on film for archival records . Set four holidays or special days you will remember and shoot 100 of your family and items of the era . Then you will have the ones here in 300 years for your decendents . Also if you have the disk space save those photos not quite yet saveable by your current abilities or editing software as in the future the technology may be here to get the horribly out of focus one you took of Julie at her first day of kindergarten as she moved too fast focused and looking good or you may learn more . Problems in future include use of compact flash cards instead of smaller disks for memory and the fact of the pins wearing down so try and use a memory card reader vs the camera when downloading . In two years the pins on my 10 d need replacing based on there being prone to damage and bending even when careful , so the camera with extended warranty is needing to go back to Cannon for fixing and now OK but hard to give up camera for 6 to 8 weeeks . Also when push comes to shove if you know your cannon product , no matter the level of customer the support will stand behind you , Technically if you buy from them or another rep whether online or real store and the product deficient from the start the rule of Cannon is you send it back to Cannon and even if it never worked , you are to take for repair or send in for a refurbrished replacement . After buying a i1990 printer for $ 500 with a rebate of $ 100 and it never even printed a picture I thought I deserved a new replacement . There is no such thing with Cannon as a `` lemon '' with a new replacement . They eventually agreed and were very quick about sticking behind their product but then I own the eos elan II e , the 10 d , the 20 d , bought the printer , was talking about a new video so who knows . At least they knew not to make mad a loyal customer but had to go to supervisor and believe nice carries more weight . The use of pictbridge color vs. Print image matching is also a concern as Canon is one of the few to stick with their own system making it a necessity to buy their printers in many cases . Make sure to have a pict bridge printer or you will be disappointed and editing everything as with my set up the 20 d talks to my mac , the mac to my epson with print image matching but since it does not have the pict bridge functioning as well the compact flash can not `` speak '' to the printer carrt with it the inportant color or exposure information . Without a pict bridge printer to read the quality poor unless editing constantly and with this camera this is not necessary unless you want to change in some graphical sense and not help . This makes it impossible to easily acheive the same colors you see on your screen of your computre and also the matchiung LCD on the camera when printing . For fun and speed the epson 4 x 6 priinter with the LCD display even though more than some counter parts is great for those occassions as it is pictbridge and my kids love for me to take pictures at playdates or sleep overs and then i get them going on a non messy project of a scrapbook with a three hole punch into 12 by 12 paper and markers with a yarn tie or the decorating of foam frames . This keeps the kids busy and they love going home with a framed picture or a few pages of a scrapbook and then I put my kids in a book and the kids are busy and happy for two hours . Worth the 29 cents per print . Make sure you have a pict bridge printer as my new i1990 great and my my brother the 800 something he loves despite using a non cannon camera of lower quality and he needs to edit too much . Looks fake but not due to printer . Good luck . Not a good customer of the 5d for me as not wide angle , you should be sold a camera for how you shoot , not just the camera . My girlfriend bought an olympus , a fine camera , SLR , for $ 3000 , but portrait with slow processor and no sports mode and yet 3 sons out there stealing first all the time . Good camera , wrong fit . Tell the person who you are and how you shoot , go to a good store and then buy here if you want . Anyone ever try to use the amazon extra warranty ? I have not had the occasion to use it and now knowing Cannons policy would wonder about exchanges as I know if I buy from the toys r us link the store easily takes something back whether they carry it or not . amazon you are great in every way . i come to you instead of consumer reports or the magazines to get product information thru customer reviews . All is well . Do not go anywhere . Why is my sons math book $ 70 however . Not you I am sure . Horrible . I know so much about the printers as had to trouble shoot on my own . No cannon , apple or epson person knew about it but the reviews on amazon had others commenting so I knew not just me . So then i get it and then the release of the info in the trades . Any one can recomend a high quality and a midrange Cannon Video ?
 This camera is excellent ... bottom line . Even though the 30D is out I do not need to bother only due to the fact that Canon makes such dependable SLRs . I have impressed myself and my friends with the pictures the Canon 20D has allowed me to take .
 Love using this camera . Ease of use allows photographer to spend more time actually creating the photo than fiddling with menus and buttons . Low noise performance is above average for my usage ISO1600 is useable . Things I would have liked to see are permanent ISO display in viewfinder , Antireflective LCD , extended EC settings -LRB- + -5 -RRB- and being able to chose focus point when using `` basic zone '' .
 My first 20D has seen a lot of use . It belonged to my parents who are very active professional photographers . The 20D I bought from them -LRB- in order to help them finance better and more capable cameras -RRB- still works well enough to be a second or back-up camera.The `` new '' 20D which I received from EZCORP is in fantastic condition ! My friends and family will think I had the old camera completely reconditioned ... but wait , it 's my `` new '' camera ! The old one is still good and right here!I bought a second 20D because I like my 20D and I wanted a new lens and a backup camera . I feel like I won the lottery!Canon 20D , only 8 meg/pixels but still makes better images than my 14 m/pixel point-n-shoot !
 Basically the 2 biggest SLR manufacturers in this category are Nikon and Canon . While both are great cameras , I ultimately chose the Canon because of the a wider array of lenses . I found that reading camera reviews on Amazon were not as useful looking at sites that were dedicated to digital photography .
 I could notice the better quality immediately when I started using it . It allows for much more creativity than my previous camera , a Nikon Coolpix 5000 . It is relatively easy to use and still fully automatic for those times you need to snap a quick picture and do n't want to worry about exposure and all that . I have a canon eos 35mm and I found the digital SLR to handle much the same . It is a tad heavy which makes it difficult to take night shots without a tripod , but I still think it was the best option for the money . I find it to be a great learning tool for experimenting with the more creative aspects of photography .
 My name is Peter Cannice and I am a photographer in the Phoenix , Arizona area . I 'm 37 and have used Canon products since I was about 16 years old . As you can imagine , I 've seen a transformation , especially when I went from traditional film to digital images . I 've never had a problem that could not be solved with a Canon product and this Canon EOS 20D Digital SLR Camera is no exception to that rule.The purpose of this review is to help you feel very comfortable in your purchase of this multi-featured and dynamic camera . I bought mine about 12 months ago and after 2 1-hour classes , provided free by Canon in Phoenix , and a thorough read of the instruction booklet , I was off taking great photos digitally in no time at all.I spent about 2 months doing research on digital cameas at this level and when I made the purchase I had considered about 6 other great cameras . I came close to buying another one , but after talking to other photographers in the field , I was reminded that Canon spares nothing to deliver a digital camera that sizzles with quality , features , durability and construction . The lens , also included with the camera , is outstanding and you can add additional lenses as you 'd like.Have no fear in buying this great camera . I 've been using it daily since I purchased it and I 've yet to have a problem . Even small things , such as battery life , are outstanding when compared to competitors.Good luck and feel free to let me know if you have any comments or questions . I 'm certain that you will enjoy you brand new camera.Peter V. CanniceScottsdale , ArizonaHorsepete@aol.com
 This camera is a dream come true . It has a fairly thorough user manual that comes with it -- thorough for being a free user manual anyway . You can do everything manually , but it also has a pretty sufficient all-automatic function . It is well worth the clams .
 This is my first DSLR , and it 's doing everything I need and then some . Solid build , great grip . I bought it used from a friend who 's been a photog for many years . It 's served him well for over 2.5 years ; the stuff he 's take on it is simply amazing . Solid camera !
 Personally I do n't have this camera , but I know the 20D succesor might be announced at the annual PMA in February 20 or so , and that 's when Canon will make their announcement with their new lineup of Digital SLR and lens . So I would wait if I were you for this camera 's succesor , and there 's a good chance it 's due out !
 I used a Canon G2 4.0 megapixel camera and this Canon EOS 20D is definitely all that AND a bag of chips . Do n't let the price tag scare you . It 's really well worth the price and looking back at it , this 20D camera is THE BEST purchase that I 've made in a long time . I 'm not even kidding . That 's why this camera has so many great reviews from all sorts of people . It absolutely takes great stunning pictures , fast autofocus , fast 5 frames per second , sharp focusing , availability and scalability with the entire vast line of Canon EF and EFS -LRB- the newer -RRB- lenses . You just ca n't go wrong . This is hands down the best semi-pro consumer model out there . And trust me , I 'm not even a pro and when I take pictures of just people at BBQ 's or taking fast shots of my friends playing basketball , it 's just amazing . My friends ca n't believe the high quality and clarity of the photos . Taking a photo of my friend dunking the basketball and freezing the picture while he is in mid-air - Now THAT 'S amazing ! The modes on the camera are easy enough for a point and shoot person to take great pictures but at the same time , offer so many complex options/customizations for the professional photographer that makes this camera a true winner . I totally did my research when I bought this camera and I 'm glad I picked it up . I promise you that you 'll love the camera too . It 's a great investment and it wo n't be money thrown away later . Later on if technology gets better and Canon releases a better camera , then you can re-use all of your existing lenses and all you need to pick up is another body . I love it ! Love the switch to Digital SLR . Ca n't imagine how I survived without this wonderful camera!With the 17-85mm lens , it 's a deal to get it with this bundle . This lens is the best all around lens . It does everything that the basic standard $ 50 18-55mm lens does and more . Very good lens to have as a `` leave it on the camera and be the 1 lens you choose to have to take it around to travel or carry around with you to take pictures '' . The one lens that 's multi-purpose and good for all around shooting . Ca n't go wrong ! You 'll love it ! It has the ultra sonic motor that 's super quiet , has auto-focus capability for fast auto-focus , and has a good large wide angle for wide shots as well as a healthy zoom for close up pictures . It 's made in Japan for high quality , and like a lot of other things in life , there 's a reason why it 's expensive and there 's a reason why you get what you pay for .
 Canon has another winner . We just received our new 20D last week and already I love it . I had been using a point and shoot Sony cybershot for several years and the difference is unbelievable . The frustrating feature of the point and shoot is the lag time between focusing and shooting the picture . You usually miss the action on any sport shots or action shots . This camera is just like the film 35mm . I got great action pictures of UW vs Purdue soccer . The game started at 5pm and it was light out so I was able to use the automatic mode . At 6:30 it was getting dark and the field lights were turned on so the camera wanted to use the flash which was useless at that distance . No Problem . I switched to manual mode changed the ISO and shutter speed and got beautiful pictures just like the daylight ones . The shots can be immediate or multiple just like our film 35mm . I have taken many fall season shots and the still shots are perfect , reflections in the river are mirror images . I would recommend purchasing a larger capacity fast memory card . I got a 1 gig San Disk II which allows you over 300 shots at large size files . The standard lense is good to have for the $ 100 you pay for it for a wide angle lense . We have a 28mm by 135mm IS lense which is more flexible . I got the camera in 2 days just like advertised and in excellent condition . I saved about $ 300 by buying it on Amazon.com . Amazon and Canon have exceeded my expectations .
 I have used this camera in a professional capacity for around 6 months now and can not find fault . What people have to understand , if coming straight from the `` Point-and-Shoot '' cameras , is that there is some post-processing to be done to get the full benefits of this camera . Point and shoots do all necessary colour and white balance adjustments for you , whereas the higher end cameras have a more `` Hands on '' approach . Setting this camera to FULL AUTO kind of defeats the object of buying it in my opinion ! Once you have had some practice or training with a Digital SLR , you will NEVER go back to anything else , but be prepared to go back to school for a bit . To give you an idea , most of the pics on my site were taken with either the Canon EOS 20D or the 10D . If you are serious about photography and want to make the leap upwards , you wont be disappointed . Some people think that buying an expensive camera will make them a better photographer , not so I am afraid . www.panphotography.com
 This camera is loaded with professional features that others have done a much better job detailing than I possibly could . The main takeaway for an amateur is that if you choose to learn a lot more about photography , you 're not going to need to upgrade your camera to keep up -- it 's there and waiting for you to advance.But forgetting all that , there are two good reasons for stepping up to this camera over the lesser consumer ones -LRB- if you can afford it -RRB- even if you 're never going to use all those features .1 . Picture quality -- absolutely awesome . Even if you do nothing more than learn what 3 or 4 of the different point and shoot modes do , you 'll feel like a pro with the quality of images that come out of this . There 's one dial to turn to choose your mode -- you can keep it on the all purpose green mode , or switch to a portrait -LRB- which gives that cool blurred background look -RRB- , or sports mode , or night mode . There are a couple others , but these are the main ones I use . The images are simply far superior to anything I took with mid-range cameras -LRB- $ 500ish -RRB- in the past .2 . Speed . My biggest complaint with lesser cameras is the time it takes -LRB- 1 -RRB- to turn on , -LRB- 2 -RRB- from pressing the shutter to getting the picture -LRB- the kids are in a different spot than when I started the picture -RRB- and -LRB- 3 -RRB- the write time between pictures . Those are completely solved with this camera . It turns on right away . The `` shutter lag '' -LRB- 2 -RRB- is negligible . And it has a buffer to store a number of pictures in cache to write out to the disk so you can rapid fire pictures in an action situation.For family photos , this is a pretty big investment . But given that these memories are `` priceless '' and given the quantity of pictures we print -- if I look at it on a monthly basis it seems worth it to step up from the mid-range consumer cameras.Downsides to consider -LRB- relative to lower end cameras -RRB- : - This is big -- it 's a lot to carry around - It 's clearly expensive and you 'll probably want to add on to it with an extra lens , a flash , high speed storage card , etc. .
 I bought this camera about 2 months before my son was born . I knew little about Digital SLRs , but after research I found that this was the one for me . This camera is well constructed and durable . The pictures are excellent . I have blown a few of my pictures up to 11X17 without any problem . Also , if you are going to be doing any editing of photos on your computer , this camera would be great . I would recommend purchasing the newest version of Photoshop or Photoshop elements -LRB- when I bought mine it only came with Elements 2.0 and 3.0 was already on the market -RRB- . Also , if you want your pictures to turn out , you MUST purchase a larger flash . The onboard flash is weak , will leave shadows and it does not allow you to do any type of `` bounce '' flash . On the whole , this is the best camera I have ever had in my life and it would be great for anyone who has previous experience with SLR cameras .
 Bought the 20d body this summer and now with 5 months & 6000 photos to it 's credit , it 's still making me glad I bought it.Runs all day on a charge and features are easy to find and use.You can see all the tech features on this camera anywhere . . I 'm just here to say , I have no reason to look at other cameras in this price range -LRB- or even above -RRB- with envy ! I 'm a person that only upgrades when the equipment is holding me back , and I do n't see that happening . Yes , cameras will improve and have more features in the future ... will I need them ? I doubt it . I reserve 5 stars for perfect items , and what ever is ? but it was tempting to use 5 in this case.A very happy 20D owner 8 - -RRB-
 This is the first dSLR I bought . This is a great camera . Since I agree with most positive comments made by many previous reviewers , I would not repeat them here . Only thing I want to say is about the review titled `` Canon should be ashamed at themselves . '' I read this after I had placed an on-line order . I was nervous . After receiving the camera , I eagerly mounted the kit lens and used all default setting with full automatic functions . I took several pictures inside house and compared it with my Olympus 3000Z . I reviewed the pictures from computer screen and also printed them on 4x6 photo paper using HP printer . The pictures took using Canon 20D are as good , if not better , than Olympus 3000Z . I also tried other functions , such as manual and macro , the pictures are great . I guess this reviewer perhaps happened to receive a defect camera.I give it 4 stars because its LCD is small . My Olympos 3000Z has 2.0 ' screen , this one has only 1.8 ' , of course its resolution is higher than Olympos 3000Z . Another reason I give it 4 stars is that I feel the power switch is not in the convenient location . I think it would be more convenient to put it next to the eye-piece so that it can be turned on with our thumb . It also helps to make the switch sliding one , not turning one , as it is now . This arrangement can also save room for bigger LCD .
 This camera is really great . I knew I liked it before , but I immediately began to appreciate this camera all the more when I ended up with a Rebel XT as a `` loaner '' while my 20d was in repair.Not that the XT is a bad camera , it just does n't really compare to the 20d . The 20d has a nice feel to it ; it is fairly large , which is great since I have somewhat large hands . The features are great too . And the image quality is awesome . I do n't really need to go into all of the details , as most of the other reviewers have done an excellent job . Let me just say that it is a great camera and is worth the five stars.The only complaint I have about the camera is that it does n't have spot metering . The ability to do your light metering off of a single point of interest would be great - and they did add it to the 30d .
 Impressive feature list wih affordable price , for the serious ameteur . i 've been using the 20D with 18-55 , 50mm 1.8 , 35-80 , 80-200 and 500/1000mm lenses . i am not disappointed . i am planning to upgrade to the L series lenses but slowly.i do not mean to be over entusiastic about canon , but i am yet to see a Nikon camera with the same specs at the same or ever a near equal price . i 've got the FM10 for film photography . i love both my cameras.Impressive features include : Mirror lockupISO 3200 with noise reduction18 custom functionsaccepts the entire series of canon lens.heavy metal body -LRB- no cheap plastic feel -RRB-
 When I started looking at digital SLR cameras , I jumped at the 350XT . It has a lot of features and is newer camera than the 20D . However , the differences between the two cameras is like the difference between Canon 's line of `` L '' glass lenses and their regular line-sure they are `` all good '' but the `` L '' lenses offer more in terms of performance and features and so too does the 20D . It is a `` fast '' camera . Fast in autofocus , fast in startup and fast in image acquisition . If you 've suffered with a point and shoot with shutter lag , you will be delighted when you use the 20D . Of course , you can still use the point and shoot modes if you want to -LRB- they were still there and they do a wonderful job-especially if you are feeling lazy -RRB- . But if you 've owned an SLR in the past , you will love this camera . The creative zones , the processing and speed and overall build quality tell you that it is worth the difference to get the 20 . The difference in price between the two camera is about the price of a lens . The kit lens that comes with the camera is n't great , but it is n't bad either and for the money , it 's actually a pretty good deal . USM means that it focuses very fast .
 I alternate this and the Nikon original battery that came with the Nikon D2H . I see no difference in charge power or performance .
 Bought this as an extra battery for a used D2h . I 've been happy with Lenmar batteries for my Olympus cameras before , so I went with them here . The battery lasts quite a while , as could be expected for a pro camera . However , the last 40 % of it drained surprisingly quickly . Perhaps it needs calibration , but the camera 's battery meter went from two out of five segments to zero in a flash . Not the type of performance curve one would expect .
 This is an excellent product . Installation was a breeze , it is a perfect fit and protects screen without any worries .
 Purchased for a new Kindle Touch . This screen protector was easy to apply and works great . Highly recommend this product . Also , recommend BoxWave as a ` stand-up ' company .
 The Pentax MX4 is a great all around digital/video camera because of all it 's features . I do n't know of another digital camera with all the features it has such as 4mp ,10 x optical -LRB- 100x digital -RRB- ,640 x480 MPEG-4 Movie at 30 fps with sound that plays directly on TV from the camera ,1.8 '' swiveling LCD , ergonomic rotating grip , PictBridge etc. . It take just a few minutes to load the MP4 video on the computer and view it with Quicktime then burn it on CD 's or DVD 's to share it with family and friends . It has 10 picture modes along with program,shutter-priority , aperture-priority , metered manual , voice recording and eight digital filters . I use a tripod with fluid head when using the zoom lens at 10x for rock steady images or videos . When on vacation you can combine the still images with videos on the same SD memory card . I just ordered the Epson P-2000 multimedia storage and viewing device that has a 40GB HD and 3.8 '' LCD to download the SD cards so you can shoot all the photo and video you want on vacation without having to worry about running out of storage . And the best thing about the Pentax MX4 is the price that is less than half what I paid for my 3mp Epson 3100Z in 2001 .
 I HAVE SEVERAL DIFFERENT CAMERAS INCLUDING THE SANYO-FISHER CAMERACORDER FVD-C1 WHICH COSTS $ 750 BUT THIS MX4 TAKES VIDEO JUST AS GOOD @ 640X480 WITH 30 FPS AND EVEN BETTER PICS @ 4MP COMPARED TO 3.2 ON THE FISHER ! AND I PAID LESS THAN HALF THE PRICE ! THIS IS PROBABLY THE BEST VALUE DIGITAL STILL/VIDEO CAMERA ON THE MARKET , THE VIDEO LOOKS ALMOST AS GOOD AS MINI DV AND THE STILLS ARE ALMOST AS GOOD AS MY MINOLTA DIMAGE 7i , ALL I CAN SAY IS YOU CAN NOT GO WRONG WITH THIS CAMERA FOR UNDER $ 300 !
 I bought this recently because of the good reviews on here so far and I must say I 'm not disappointed . It looked quite big when I viewed the picture but trust me this baby is so tiny and looks really cute . It 's very easy to use and much better if you buy a lets say 1GB SD card since you can record longer , obviously and take more pics but like the previous reviewer said , you can by a multimedia storage and store them in it if you 're on holiday.The quality of the images are very good and the video cam is n't too bad either . You can play around with the quality and obviously the lesser quality the more you can store in the SD.Only thing I have to say is that if you are looking for a cam corder more than a digital than this is n't your best option and vice versa for Digital cam as there are so many now and some better in quality but this baby is great and has both in one package so it 's like best of both worlds .
 I realize that probably no one is going to read this review due to the fact that the Optio MX is now considered to be out-dated . With the new absurd mega pixel monsters on the market , which by the way is just a marketing ploy and really has nothing to do with quality , I 'm sure that not many of you are interested in this updated review . But here it goes ... The Optio MX was a camera that was ahead of it 's time ! We 've had this camera for over 2 years now . Wanting a more compact camera with the current modern features such as image stableization and longer battery life , we bought a few other camera 's since , Sony , Fuji , Canon , but we always went back to the Optio MX . The picture quality of the Optio MX is superior to all the other camera 's that we purchased . The video with the Optio MX is also superior . One of the big problems with video is the low-light performance , but the Optio MX excells in this area , and makes video 's that are excellent even in low-light . The unbelievable amount of features and manual controls make this camera a diamond in the rough.It 's too bad that Pentax abandoned this great camera . A few refinements would have made this camera perfect . The Optio MX is a few years old now - and that means it 's almost an antique in the world of technology , but if you can find one of these beauties BUY IT ! There is STILL nothing better out there than the Optio MX .
 I 've had my Pentax Optio MX4 for two years and I ca n't think of a single thing that I 'd change . I 've used other digital cameras - HP and Sony - and this is by far the best point and shoot I 've ever used . I take hundreds of shots every month and the picture quality is exception .
 Have been using MX4 for 3 months now . I have a couple other digital cameras -LRB- Kodak and Canon -RRB- . The MX4 has the most features . Several thing I especially like
 Very pleased with the quality , value , and service . I received a qualityproduct with extras , cheaper , and faster shipping then previously experienced on ebay . I 'm sold on Amazon.com for its quality of sellers , and will definately purchase from this seller again without hesitation . Thanks for the great experience .
 I bought this camera a month ago and it really serve its purpose . with a camera like this , what more can u ask for ? it has a 10x optical zoom and a 10x digital zoom which u can adjust and a digital camera & video camra in one ! this is my first digital camera and i think i really made a good deal buying this .
 I bought one , a few days ago . I 'm loved .
 I 've owned this model for about six weeks now . It 's my first large screen TV purchase but I researched pretty thoroughly beforehand.Pros :1 . Beautiful picture both in HD and regular signal . DVD 's and even VHS tapes look good as well2 . Very competitive price . Most 50 '' plasmas are at least $ 800 more .3 . Plenty of inputs and outputs . Multiple inputs for component and composite devices plus a VGA port for PC 's . Cons :1 . Draws a lot of power . It 's 450 watts but that 's in line with other similar plasmas .2 . Has only a HDMI input for digital whereas many devices such as PC 's and cable boxes have DVI . Requires a pricey conversion cable to use . Luckily , I think the component connection looks as good as the HDMI one .3 . Controls and menus could be more efficient . Common commands like input selection require arrowing through menus instead of just scrolling through using a single button like most TV 's . So far so good though .
 I would give this 4.5 only because it does not have the bells and whistles of the nuch more expensive TV ` sGreat plasma for price . Picture quality ranks up there with Panasonic , Pioneer , LGPros : Excellent picture , sleek look , wall mount friendly , Digital and analog tuners work greatCons : Could use some more convenience/user customizable features , remote pretty simple , sound on included removable speakers not great , but who cares .
 I am very happy with this item , I have had it for several years ; I watch a lot of TV and am perfectly satisfied .
 I now have 4 pairs of these speakers . I bought one pair to replace a couple satellite speakers that had worn out . The other pair I use for listening to the stereo in the kitchen . These speakers are quite clear and transparent sounding . Even though I use them with subwoofers , their low end response belies their small size . The are excellent speakers and a very convenient size for locations where you do n't want a large bookshelf speaker . I just bought 2 more pairs to use with my home theater 7.1 surround sound receiver rear channels . I 'm sure I 'll be very pleased with them .
 This speaker is very clean , transparent , and well made . They sound so much like Energy speakers I suspect they are identical except for the finish . But , they are just too small for serious sound reproduction .
 I ordered these speakers to enable me to convert my Athena Micra speaker system from a 5.1 to a 7.1 system -LRB- based on a recommendation from Athena -RRB- . I used them to replace the front left and right speakers and have been very satisfied with the results . I used the original Micra speakers on floor stands as the surround speakers .
 the athena LS-50B satellite speakers have very good sound quality for such a low price.they have excellent midrange and highs.they make great surounds for music or home theater .
 Mtx has always been a dependable product . I have own Mtx amps and subwoofers its the only brand that lasted day & night the amps never burned and the subwoofers never malfuntioned this amp is Great perfect for the 7500 SVC subs good construction hevy duty all around & the only amp to be under rated box stated 600 watts really it was 790 watts.Love MTX
 Purchased this amp to power a Kicker Solo-Baric S15L7 15 inch square subwoofer . The sub weighs in at 35 pounds and has a huge magnet . I built a custom enclosure for the sub . . Whole thing weighs maybe 55 pounds . At first I thought this amp would have a time pushing this woofer but after hooking it up properly with a 1 farad capacitor this amp rocks ! I am still breaking in both the sub and the amplifier but the results sound real positive at this time.I highly recommend this and other MTX equipment to serious car stereo installers because they mean what they say . EVERY MTX amplifier comes with it 's own dyno sheet . This is a sheet with actual readings from testing the amps during manufacturing and comes with a full certification sheet in the package . Impressive . Do n't know if other amp manufacturers do this but I am impressed with the fact that MTX does . Keeps the smoke and mirrors at bay for some of the other cheaper manufacturers that advertise a power level that is high that the amp could never live up to . Alot can be said about proven performance . The auto indistry should take a note on this and do dyno 's on each new car at the rear wheels . . The amp was simple to hook up and simple to tune . Once again I would recommend this amp for anyone wanting good clean undistorted power without any fuss . BTW , the light and color show works good too . Original for an amp to do as well but may have a limited use closed up within the trunk . .
 It 's a lithuim battery and it works fine in my old 35mm camera . Thank you very much .
 I love it ! I 'm into putting together my own systems , and have a blast , although I 'm still relatively new at it . With this product , it arrived , I opened the package , snapped it in , and restarted the computer . There is already a noticeable difference in computer performance , from a 2 second change out job ! The only thing I do n't like is that the memory modules for older computers are so much more expensive than the newer ones , but I guess you 've got ta pay to keep them running great ... I would definitely recommend this product , however , as it really does give you a huge difference in performance quality for the price you pay .
 I purchased this item to start my wireless network . This was pretty easy to setup and use . The only complaint I have is the VPN setup is not very intuitive and there is n't a lot of documentation for it . I have yet to use it , but that is ok . It 's other features suit me well . All in all I recommend . I have this and a 5 port switch wireless bridge from linksys also . Together they work great . I have full connectivity upstairs .
 So , I was really against this product . The reviews were terrible for it . But there was a couple of reviews which claimed that the product did ok with the new firmware release . So ... my boss was wanted VPN , wireless so he decided to get this router anyway despite the reviews . I was against this.So ... I got it , installed it . The vpn server was easy as sin to setup . As long as you have a static ip address , and know a little bit about networking you should be fine . The vpn at first had non - reliable connectivity . However , that turned out to be our ISP -LRB- satellite connection -RRB- , and since we 've got a new ISP -LRB- DSL -RRB- everything works perfect . The vpn is great , easy and having wireless is nice too . I had the vpn server downloading things for 3 hours without any connectivity issues.This router is being used for a small business of about ten machines under it . Just FYI . Works great . Has n't died yet -LRB- 1 month -RRB- Hope this helps . Oh , latest firmware a must .
 I have read all the reviews here . I have also successfully set up numerous types and brands of VPNs where I work as a network engineer . As soon as I saw that my favorite home brand of networking devices came out with wireless g and vpn in one , I had to have it . I have at my house
 Actually one of the most complete SOHO wireless-routers on the market . It delivers excellent wireless performance and the configuration is very simple . The used firmware is 2.21 . But there are a few downsides as well , namely : - the VPN endpoint does not like remote endpoints with variable IP-addresses . You can use FQDNs , but he built-in DNS-Client does not really recognize a change of the remote IP-address , even if you choose `` any '' for the remote endpoint the problem persists . - the included DynDNS-Client does not work - Wireless performance is extremely poor in a mixed environment -LRB- 11/54Mbps -RRB- Besides these flaws a really great product .
 I recently purchased the LINKSYS WRV54G out of blind rage when the second Microsoft MN-500 Wireless Base Station I had , died on me much the same way as the first . I had heard nothing but good remarks about LINKSYS , although I was aware of an Internet connection drop-off with their other wireless products if the firmware was n't upgraded from the factory default.Thus far I have not had a single problem with this router , despite the bad remarks . It is fast and I do not suffer from any connection drop-offs . I use port forwarding for a web , ftp , and ssh server and they all work flawlessly . I also use the DDNS function for hosting my personal web site and have no problems with that , either . However , I have not used the VPN function yet , so I can not comment on its abilities .
 I brought this just recently 2 months ago and had no problem setting this up . I have 3 computers and 1 print server connect to it wirelessly using 802.11 B & 802.11 G network connections . I have not yet get a drop signal or disconnection . I just want to let you that this network device is not for beginners it takes some knowledge of VPN to set up or you have to do some research . Begginers should try Dlink or Microsofts network routers . Instructions I would say is a little skippy but the product works great .
 From the prior bad reviews I read , I have to assume this unit used to have issues . I needed the VPN functionality in addition to wifi/NAT/Radius , however , and I REALLY liked my past linksys experiences . I was so wary from reviews , however , that I paid a ton at a local staples to get one since I expected to return it.This thing RULES . It is just like the wrt54g -LRB- bought one at same time -RRB- with more features . The GUIs are very similar , but this has more features . They are n't limited to the VPN . It also has other more advanced cisco-esque features including syslog , email alerts , RIP -LRB- come on - who uses that anyway -RRB- , config file backup/restore , better firewall control etc. . It has been extremely stable . I just tried the l2l vpn and got a tunnel up with a friend on a netgear in about 10 minutes - and that 's with him behind a NAT box ! The logs are great - very informative . The tunnel has not flinched since we established it , and the router connection is great . Signal strength and general performance have had no issues . I have not had to reboot it once . Note
 After reading other reviews about the Linksys Wireless-G VPN Broadband Router I was hesitant about purchasing this product , but I had such a trouble free experience with my previous Linksys wireless-B router -LRB- BEFW11S4 -RRB- and thought I 'd give it a shot.This router is about as simple to set up and use as ever . Within 15 minutes of opening the box I had the router set up , custom settings applied , WEP set up , and was surfing the internet at 54 Mpbs wirelessly through multiple laptops and a wired desktop computer . The signal strength is even better than I had with my old Linksys!Don ' t let the negative comments sway you . This product is very simple to set up - they 've even included definitions of each field as you go along .
 great unit . only real shortfall is price . easy to setup and configure . all secutity can be handled from the web interface , providing you know the mac addresses of your systems . it took me about 6 minutes to setup . i did experience a similar problem of random dropping from one of my laptops , but was able to nail that down to the card in that laptop as no other units had a problem . supporting a mixed network is great as well . the TIVO really doesnt need 54g . i would recommend this to anyone who has familiarity with wireless networks , and doesnt expect the unit to hand hold a novice through the setup .
 a. Restore to factory default after upgrading firmware -LRB- newest 2.10 -RRB- b. WRV54G acts a DNS server . If another DNS server is required , key in the IP address of the specific DNS server in Setup > Basic setup > > DHCP page and save it . This feature is available after 2.10.c . IPSec tunnel just allow the connection between specific local subnet and specific remote subnet and remote IP addr . ANY to ANY IPSec Tunnel would be available after 2.2 Xd . Why the same settings -LRB- Encryption , Authentication , pre-shared key , DH Group , PFS , ... -RRB- of two endpoints can not get connect ? Try to disconnect and connect once again.e . Unknown reason causes freeze , crash , . . I think 2.2 X could solve those mazes .
 After reading all the negative feedback I was very hesitant to purchase this device . I researched other manufacturer 's VPN devices but I decided to purchase it anyway based on my previous experiences with Linksys.I 've had it running for a week and all seems well . I did upgrade the firmware to 2.36 as soon as I got it running.I have successfully created client connections with the help of the very comprehensive FAQ area on their website . My next step is to purchase another one and setup a site to site tunnel.One unexpected gain was the performance increase over my previous WRT54G . I have not experienced any of the problems reported by the other reviewers.I will update my review if I notice any degredation in performance or functionallity , but I think this is a very good device and would recommend it to anyone looking to setup VPN access to their small networks .
 I read the comments and I can not believe it.I bought It in germany and have done an firmware update . After that it works fine without any problem.VPN Setup was done in 2 minutes and the QuickVPN Client software is doing the rest . It could n't be easyer . I already bought many linksys products and i love them all . WRV54G is working stable and fast withoug any problem since the last month.Just the EU-Firmware Version had a little problem . After changing someting from the configuration , the router is doing a reboot . After that , the DNS Server is n't working any longer so you have to disconnect and reconnect the WAN connection in the webinerface and it works fine again ... normaly you do n't change the configuration often so you will have no problem.I recommend this product . It 's cheap , stron , fast and works fine !
 I head up a network team for a large medical center and bought this for my own use . Although it ran fine from the get-go , I did one firmware upgrade -LRB- an easy , menu-driven 5 minute operation -RRB- and it has been flawless . There are also 3rd party versions of code out there which add on a ton of functionality , but you 'll lose your support from Linksys . Selected this unit because it can be used as an end-node vpn -LRB- vpn from your remote laptop to your home pc , for example -RRB- . Only dig against it is that it does not have dual antennas to eliminate multipath.Buy it again ? Sure .
 Thiis router offers advanced features -LRB- regarding VPN and remote access -RRB- on what was a consumer-market product . It therefore can be used in a professional environment for a SMB .
 I am in the IT field , so I ca n't claim that this product is for beginners . But with that said , this thing was EASY to set up . Some of the config screens were a bit glitchy and I had to refresh the page to get the `` save settings '' button to draw -LRB- which caused me to lose entries a few times before I learned to check for the buttons first -RRB- but everything worked perfectly . DSL setup took about 2 minutes , wireless took longer -LRB- like 5 -RRB- because I wanted to record all my WEP settings for posterity . VPN was the hardest , I do not have much experience with it , so like maybe 10 minutes?I did not even open the instructions . I just tried the default IP and username/password combo , and `` felt '' my way from there . Despite what the other reviewers have written , I found this to be an impressive device .
 I bought this memory for my HP Pavilion and it has worked reliably with no problems .
 Recently I replaced two of the ceiling speakers in our church building . Before purchasing on-line I looked all over town trying to locate locally and was more then a little surprised to find that in a town this size , nothing was available . After searching on-line I found this great deal at Amazon . The speakers arrived when promised , were excellent quality and easy to install . I needed a speaker that was between a cheap intercom type and a super high end surround sound type . The quality for voice and music are very good . If I had to replace them again , I would n't hesitate to use the same speakers
 I am pleased with the sound of these speakers in a ceiling installation with 5 speakers on a home theater receiver . I do not have a separate woofer.The sound is fine for a good 3D video experience and for general music with reasonable base , very good mid-range and reasonable treble . The tweeter angle adjustment is much too limited . They require no floor space so that is a major benefit . I may add a satellite woofer someday.I once had Altec 's Voice of the Theater speakers and these Pyle units do not come close , but at 1 $ of Altec 's what can you expect.Installation of 5 ceiling speakers required several hours and generated plaster dust that dispersed everywhere . These speakers require a moderately precise round hole . I used a Dremmel multi-tool with a drywall blade and that worked well . Once the hole is complete , installation is easy.I was concerned about dirt and dust from the attic collecting on the speaker cones since there is no barrier . I enclosed the backs of the speakers with a soft plastic film before installation to avoid dirt on the cone that would cause distortion . The film must be soft and provide the ability for cone movement without causing air pressure on the back of the cone .
 After spending MANY hours researching in-ceiling speakers , I settled on these . We wanted to play music in our showroom -LRB- approx 20x50 -RRB- to break up the silence . We installed 4 speakers and the volume is excellent . Sound quality is really good so far , and very easy to install .
 Many people said that `` sound just OK '' . I agree ! However , you should know how much money you have spent on this Ceiling Speaker . What I can say that it is great sound for this ceiling speaker price.Of course , you can spend double or triple price to get little bit better sound quanlity .
 Great value speakers . We needed a pair of speakers that fit into a tight budget and these are fitting the bill nicely . Install was a breeze . They fit cleanly into the ceiling and are hard to notice . Sound is ok , tonal range decent , and volume is good . I would say one of the better sounding speakers at this price point . If you want better sounding speakers then you have to pay more money .
 Sound quality is not equal to an overpriced one but is good for home users . If you want theater quality then chances are you are not looking at this . But for those that want a good quality speaker for a good price this is it.Also the quality of the sound is related to the speaker wire -LRB- use at least 14ga or thicker -RRB- , install , and your power source . Set all those up correct and this will work great.I did a 7 speaker setup with the Pyle speakers here from Amazon and they sound great . I used 12ga wire , installed them to direct the sound correctly , and used a good amp/receiver to power them with.I used the 6.5 's for the rear and the 8 's for the front as I have larger room . If you have a smaller room then just use the 6.5 's and skip the eights .
 These are n't the highest fidelity on the block , but they 're fine for everyday general listening and they were easy to install .
 These speakers are awesome , they sound absolutely perfect and fill my entire main floor with music , i 'll definitely be buying more for the second floor .
 Bought them for our livingroom ... work great ! We do n't use them everyday just when watching movies ... but for the price I would recommend them
 Ca n't beat this value for the price . Super speakers and easy to install . Sound is great for the price of this product .
 Put a pair of these in my master bed and bathrooms . Speakers have great sound and can be controlled through my stereo and iPad .
 *** Please note the reviews that advise you to get an OVERSIZED junction box before you begin installation . ** I took the components to the hardware store , and then bought a junction box that was large enough to accomidate the control box and wires with connections . This system was easy to install and looks very professional . I love it !
 Great set of speakers to use in classroom with projectors . These speakers have great sound , but we had to use speaker supports for drop ceiling tiles .
 I was prepared to pay ~ $ 90 per speaker for some Polks . They could be aimed within their cans , and actually had backing . Their tweeter looked fancier.But these Pyles sound great , and are of plenty high quality . At certain volume , the audio is n't as crisp in the mid-range as I imagine a higher quality speaker would be.I made my own cans in the attic out of cardboard boxes , and then covered those with insulation . Easy.These are also good enough to use in a surround system . I 'm considering replacing some mounted MB Quarts with these in my media room . They 're very clean looking.Also , the tweeters can be angled to give some directional treble , and a little `` fancy '' perception .
 I used these on my patio cover and the sound is awesome . install was a breeze . These speakers sound every bit as good as speakers costing 10 times as much
 I was blown away at the sound these speakers have , and the price was great considering the excellent quality of these speakers . I highly recommend these speakers .
 Purchased `` Open Box '' item , saved 10 % . Speakers delivered quickly and as promised . Installed in new roof we built over our deck , powered them by Lepai mini amp and my iPod . I installed 8 '' hard plastic enclosures behind the speakers bought thru Parts Express . Sound is good , not overly loud , but for my less than $ 100.00 total expense , I am throughly happy with the results .
 This is the second set of ceiling speakers I have installed in the past 2 weeks . The first -LRB- NXG -RRB- lasted 1 day before 1 of them failed . These have survived the holidays and lots of loud music and still sound great !
 our church needed replacement speakers and could n't find anything reasonable around home . Found these on amazon and can say they more than met our expectations .
 This speaker has amazing sound for the price . Much bassier than I expected and the mids and highs are right on point . I am using these in my shop which is actually a basement -LRB- 30 ` x30 ' w 7 ' ceiling -RRB- . Honestly , when I turn em up at all , I have to turn the bass way down if my wife is home cuz she do n't play that ... I ended up making 2 simple boxes because the ceiling is really just floor joists . The box dimensions are 14 `` x14 `` x7 .75 with a 1.75 '' port hole in each and fiberglass insulation at the top to dampen the sound upstairs . I am pushing them with an 8 year old bookshelf system and the sound is still great.Installation was easy and they look rally good . Supposedly they are paintable , but I can not attest to that.I give em 4 stars instead of 5 for 2 reasons
 You cant go wrong with these speakers . The price and the sound are great . Easy to install . Maybe a little fragile .
 These ceiling speakers sound remarkably good , take up no space in a room AND do n't cost much at all!Easily a DIY project if you have access to both sides of the ceiling . The included template makes it easy to draw the proper circle . I cut from above to ensure that I would n't run into a ceiling beam . The white edge provides just over 1/2-inch of margin all around so the hole does n't have to be perfect , it just has to be big enough.Mounted through 5/8 drywall , the sound with a true 200 watts per channel amplifier is solid , comparable to many good 8-inch two-way speakers . Plenty of bass by themselves unless you 're used to a dedicated subwoofer pounding on your floor . The small tweeters have great dispersion - aimed at your listening area you 'd hardly even think the sound was coming from the ceiling if you 're within about 10 feet of them . The higher the ceiling the better up to a point.With an equalizer set to my preference , these easily provide pleasant sound quality for my home office/home theater and I do n't have to deal with speakers taking up floor or wall space . If they had a luxury name on them they 'd probably command a price 10x higher without any guarantee of sounding any different in real life .
 These were easy to install -LRB- the grill could have been a little easier to attach -RRB- and awesome sound ! The house really shakes now !
 Only one detail , the view was received with a crack . just a little glue and everything else fine , they sound good
 Pretty unbelievable how good these speakers are for the little money they cost . Easy to install , quality product , sound very good . The 8 &#34; has good bass response . And u can direct the tweaters to listening area for better imaging .
 Great quality for the price . Installation was very easy using the enclosed template . The tilting tweeter was a nice feature .
 Easy to install and they sound great these will go with me wherever I go from now on . They are awesome to watch movies and play games with . Gives you a different outlook on surround sound .
 I would have rated much higher if there were better installation instructions . I spent a great deal of time trying to figure out how to secure the speakers in the hole . The instructions does not mention lifting the screen to reveal screws . Nor does it mention you have to twist the clamps down , put in hole then tighten with a screwdriver till tight . After an hour was spent figuring out the first speaker , the remaing 3 took very little time to install . If it was n't for the frustration on the installation , I would have given this product 5 stars . The sound is wonderful !
 These speakers have just the right amount of bass and full range for my basement speakers . I realized the weight when I ordered them , but actually holding them in your hands you remember than 10lbs is fairly significant especially when you are mounting the speakers in drop ceiling . Thankfully after a little cautious testing I was able to confirm that my ceiling tiles were up to the task , and now the speakers happily pump sound into my basement . All in all , very nice .
 I have been using Itoya Profolio display books for more than 15 years , and they continue to hold up well . I print records from my computer , articles I write , photos I 've taken , and store them in the clear protective pages . It makes for easy access to important papers of all kinds . They are on the list of my personal favotite products .
 Sonnet Tech makes the best FM transmitters out there . I have an PodFreq for iPod 3G and it was by far the strongest transmitter I 've had . I purchased others and none had the intensity and clarity of the PodFreq . So when I bought a 5G ` pod I knew the Sonnet iFreq was going to be my FM transmitter of choice . And once again , Sonnet did not disappoint . My iFreq was enroute and I was going to San Diego and needed an FM transmitter for my long drive . I went to the local Circuit City and Apple Stores to look for a transmitter . I bought the DLO Transdock Micro . It worked fine , but everytime the ` pod spun up I would hear its electronic whirl on the station as it prepped the music . I used it during my trip , but quickly returned it once I received my iFreq . I was not disappointed -- the iFreq never picked up the startup whirl and the sound comes through strong . I really stand by Sonnect transmitters and the PodFreq and iFreq are very strong products in this field . For the 5G iPod I strongly recommend the Sonnet iFreq!It 's too bad their Sonnet iPod products ca n't be found at local Apple Stores .
 Have been using for over a month now and it works very well . Being able to choose any frequency is very helpful , once you find a clear station there is almost no static at all . The mounting unit for an iPod Nano is very helpul too . This unit actually looks pretty good too , very well designed and worth the extra $ $ .
 Love this transmitter ; excellent . Do not hear any interference at all . Quality sound . Highly recommend .
 This is a good transmitter/ipod carcharger . It does get static and the station need to be changed occasionally , but otherwise , it works great ! This is my first ipod car device , but I like it.A few things that are a little annoying
 Want to stream your MP3 's from your bluetooth phone to your car radio ? AddAnycom FIPO and you are done .
 fast shipping , only 3 days after i bought the camera.the camera is immaculate .
 Easy to use and Ilike the movie feature the best , Youcan play back instantly complete with sound
 I absolutely LOVE LOVE LOVE this camera ! It takes great pictures no matter what the conditions ! I purchased a 2gig memory for it and can take tons of great pics and video . The battery lasts a really long time and its easy to charge . The charger does n't have a cord so I leave it plugged in the kitchen and just put in the battery every few days . The different settings & menus are easy to get to and easy to see even without my glasses on that big screen . I can not say enough good things about this camera . If you need a pociet sized good quality camera , buy this !
 Fantastic camera ! Overall , I 've been very pleased with the sony cybershot line , and seem to continually upgrade to a higher model . Due to the inability of my 1 yr old neice to stay still for more than one second -LRB- unless she 's asleep -RRB- , I 've quickly realized that I needed the SteadyShot feature . WOW . It 's fantastic & has made all the difference in my pix of her.I also used the T20 at a concert , in low light conditions . With the proper setting chosen , I got some wonderful & clear pictures . So much so that everyone was asking what kind of camera I used . It 's very light & fits nicely into a pocket or purse , but not so small that you feel you are going to break it . The buttons are well placed and easy to manage.A big concern of mine was chaging from AA to lithium batteries -LRB- i liked the ability to run out and get new AA 's at the drop of a hat without having to wait for charging -RRB- . However this seems to be no worry - the battery life with the T20 seems to be excellent - I used it extensively on a 2 week holiday to England/Scotland and never once did I run the battery below 1/2 power -LRB- and I promise you , I 'm a shutterbug -RRB- . I used a 4 gig memorystick PRO duo , and with 800 pix at 8MP , plus substantial video , I had just over 1/2 the card filled.It didnt get 5 stars from me because it has only a 3x optical zoom , and thats a bit low -LRB- esp . as some lower model cybershots have higher optical zoom ratings -RRB- . Also , the menu is a bit scattered -LRB- sometimes you need to navigate 2 button menus to get something accomplished -RRB- and it would have been nice to have compatibility with the standard memorystick format , as I now have a lot of sticks that are obsolete . Oh well , the price of progress.Overall , it 's great camera and I 'm very impressed with the quality of the pictures . I 'm definitely recommending it to friends/family .
 I already had a small 7 megapixel camera - a Sony Cyber-shot DSC-P200 when I began looking for something smaller . My current camera was the size of a pack of cigarettes , but it was bulky in my purse . I wanted something smaller and lighter . Also , I was going to Hawaii and I wanted something I could snorkel with . My current camera did n't have any matching underwater case to go with it . The DSC-T20 does!I was already used to having a high quality camera with me all the time , with very fast response to pressing the button . So to be honest even though the DSC-T20 was higher on the megapixel range , I was at first a bit annoyed by its response time . It takes about a half second before it gets the green focus rectangle and lets you take a picture . It might not sound like a lot , but when you 're taking pictures on the fly , it can really get to you . With the DSC-P200 I could literally point , click and move the camera again in one movement and the picture would be great . With this one , there was a noticeable lag between wanting to take the picture and having it taken.Now , that being said , it is SO nice to have this light , easy to carry camera with me . The other one was small - but heavy . This one is much smaller and lighter . I could carry it around with me on my wrist as I went from place to place and it was hardly noticeable at all.I really liked the fact that the whole front is shielded by a sliding panel , and the camera turns auto-on when you manually slide that panel . It made it very easy to pop it on and off again.On the other hand , I do n't like how they set up the menus . On the old one , a spinning wheel let you instantly switch between camera and video . This was very handy . On this DSC-T20 , you have to go paging through a menu in order to move from one to the other . Quite a pain . You can pop between macro mode and flash mode with the easy buttons on the face , which is good and the same - but for some reason the buttons are harder to use . The DSC-P200 had a slightly larger center button , slightly larger side buttons and the buttons were separate pieces . This DSC-T20 has just a single circular unit that is hard to move.The images seem great . I 've used it for large landscapes , tiny origami , faces , and everything in between.Still , all in all , I am very glad that I got the DSC-T20 . Its small size was perfect , and it is great to have an underwater-capable camera . If you want to see photos from this camera , I took over 1,000 photos in Hawaii on my LisaShea.com site . Enjoy !
 I have been a sony digital camera user for over 5 yrs now . They keep improving on the product constantly . in the dsc T20 , i have no red eyes , the picture doesnt blur cause of the steady shot , and have an not to miss feature of 3x optical zoom . BUT what u r really payin $ 100 extra for is the cool sexy looks and slim design , also the vide range of colors they r available in.one draw back i see is the 2MP ,3 MP pictures dont seem as great as the previous cameras . and at 8MP u have great pictures which are very heavy to transfer or upload on the internet.sid
 I really like the camera . The Carl Zeiss lens is great and gives a extremely clear picture.The only thing that I do n't like is the built-in-memory which is horribly small for how big the pictures are that this camera takes . At 8.1 mega pixels , you can only take about 15 pictures before you are out of memory . I 'll definitely have to pick up a 2gig + memory card for it .
 The image clarity , detail , and color with this camera is amazing . I used it Cancun , and the images could be in a major magazine . Extremely satisfied . I did not see the negatives I read about in other 's reviews .
 This is the most fun camera I 've ever had . It 's easy to use and does a lot of amazing things for such a little camera.The pictures are clear , the shot is taken immediately without a delay , it 's easy to erase , easy to change the amount of light going into the lense to brighten up a cloudy day , and the lense cover/on off switch was a great idea.The color pink makes it easy to find in my purse , and the weight makes it so I can take it everywhere easily . I 'm going to Paris and Rome in November and it 'll be very convenient to get great shots .
 I purchased this camera after Christmas , so I have had it almost six months . I am very impressed with this camera -LRB- I have the silver one that I had purchased at Staples on sale -RRB- . > My only problem with this camera is the battery . I have a difficult time keeping it charged . If I want to minimize battery usage , I try to keep my picture viewing at a minimum . For the most part , I can get away with using it for five days until I need to recharge it . > The screen is amazing , but I am always nervous it might get a scratch on it , because it is so large . It currently has fingerprints all over the screen , which is understandable due to it 's large size . -LRB- I do not have the touchscreen version -RRB- > My favorite part is the `` Program Auto '' mode that is on the Home Menu . I find the `` White Balances '' settings on it to be extremely useful . You can change it from Flourescent 1 , 2 , 3 , Daylight , Cloudy , Incandescent , or Auto . This is the best way for me to get excellent photos in a house -LRB- or even outside -RRB- . I used to leave my camera on the auto mode , but now it 's always on Program Auto so I can change the light settings . For me , I think it 's as good as the invention of sliced bread!This is a wonderful camera if you do n't mind charging it often . I would highly suggest you buy a spare battery when you get this camera , to save you in case the original dies on you . As I stated earlier , I have enjoyed this camera since December , and plan to use it for many , many months to come . If you are searching for an easy , useful , point-and-shoot camera , it 's a good option for you .
 Perfect camera . Super fast and super sharp . My third cybershot purchase , just ca n't seem to find a aternative brand with all the features & conveniences .
 I love this camera its so small and cute and I love that you can get it in multiple colors because it adds that personal touch . The screen is large to view pictures and take them . You can do color , b/w , and `` old fashion '' color shots on it . The movie mode is hot too . I strongly reccommend getting the extra memory card otherwise you will only be able to take about 25 pics at a time .
 Could n't ask for a better camera at this price point and of this size . Sony is the only way to go for pocket sized point n shoot digital .
 Picture quality and ease of use are terrific . I especially love the face detection feature .
 Necesitaba una c&aacute;mara buena , peque & ntilde ; a y moderna . Pues esta tiene todo lo que busco . Muy buena cantidad de Mp , la pantalla con buena imagen , fotos de buena calidad , lo mas importante es la duraci&oacute;n de la bateria , con ella puedo hacer muchisimos disparos . Me dura m&aacute;s del triple que duraba la anterior . La recomiendo por encima de la c&aacute;mara de toque en la pantalla , pues la bateria dura mucho mas ... La recomiendo 100 %
 great camera to keep with you . Small , easy to use , easy to take clear shots . Not great for 8x10 quality , but for everything else I love it !
 My Father just purchased this super cute camera for me , for my birthday . And I have to say , it is GREAT ! Not only is it super `` kawaii '' -LRB- kawaii = cute -RRB- , it takes great high quality pictures . The camera includes a feature , in which you could change your picture , and make it look like you used a fisheye lens . The macro mode is really sharp and overall , this product is a 5/5 !
 Much smaller than I thought it would be . Build seems very sturdy -LRB- metal -RRB- . Takes EXCELLENT pictures and very nice video clips . The face recognition feature works great.I LOVE THIS CAMERA !
 I 've really enjoyed having this camera . The photos from a camera this small are obviously not going to be SLR-quality , but they are very good , and the 8MP size allows you to zoom in fairly closely on smaller portions of the photo . The only problem I 've had is that it takes some practice to hold it still while taking a photo because it 's just so small and lightweight . You do pay a bit of a premium for the `` wow '' factor of the tiny size and dramatic styling - certainly you can get an 8 MP camera for less than the price of this one . However , I think that paying a bit extra for this little work of art was well worth it .
 Great little camera ! A lot of capabilities are packed into this small camera . The most notable for me are the Macro settings , the Steady Shot setting and the high resolution viewing screen . Many other great features ! I would definitely recommend it . Very user-friendly !!
 Cute camera , becomes very cute once you get familiar with it . It is a good machine also , works great and does many things . However , I can tell sometime the pics come out blurry . The best is in regular lighting . If it 's indoor or dark , use the flash and u 'll have nice pictures . Or you will end up with a `` painting - like '' feel for your pictures . I can not tell if this is a ad or a no so bad part , but I do n't know if any other camera will do better.Other than that , it is loaded with cool features and believe me it is cute . I travelled to Europe and everybody has a type of Sony but none this kind . And I can tell the way they were looking at my camera.It takes great movies , good quality , good sound . I also dropped it on the concrete sidewalk . Te picture was very very blurry . I turned off and on again and everything came back perfect.I have this camera for few weeks and so far so good in GOOD LIGHTING ONLY > I did n't play with ISO settings yet , but I think it wo n't work too great.Fits easy in any pocket , does n't scratch or get dirty , easy to tunr on and take cool pics . Lots of them , everywhere ... : -RRB-
 If you want a camera that will let you take pictures of moving things while you 're moving . This is it . This camera takes beautifull pictures . Moving or still , bright or low light . There are no moving parts for sand to get into and ruin . I 'm using it in Iraq and it works great .
 I got this for my mother several years back when it was still over 3 `` Benjamins , '' and she is still using it.The focusing mechanism is a little slower now , thanks in part no doubt to dust build-up over the years.But back then it was the new king of its block.I got the white one , which is beautiful.The sliding on/off mechanism is excellent - instant on/off and also protects the lens.I like this style of camera better than the ones that pop the lens out when you turn it on , as it keeps the camera compact and better protects the lens from short falls.There is facial recognition and red-eye erasing technologies , pretty nifty features for its time.Picture quality was excellent for its time , and I bet still holding strong.Sony quality you can always trust - build , style , and functionality are all excellent .
 You can go 40km per hr , and still get national geographic photos with this awesome camera ! It 's super Fab ! I just bought this for the second time -LRB- first cam was stolen after 6 months -RRB- and tried a few newer cameras , different models and brands , and decided to hunt down this camera . All the stores told me they are discontinued , so I was SO happy when I found a couple for sale online!High recommended ! No flash required , Awesome pics every time !
 I 've been a Nikon owner for 15 years now and finally made the change to digital . I love everything about the camera ... except for the limited use of the older flashes . I have a SB24 flash that was a wonderful flash for the film cameras , but it is of limited use now with the D70 . But I guess that 's to be expected to keep moving forward . I would recommend this camera to anyone looking for a DSLR whether they have Nikon lenses or not .
 I bought this used , not realizing it was an older model . Works fine , just took me a trip to six or seven stores before finding a replacement memory card that came with it and was faulty -LRB- at least I know where to get more -RRB- . Not a problem . Needed one with more memory anyway . The camera arrived 3-4 days earlier than I anticipated , which I appreciate , in it 's original box with all attachments and instructions . There is n't a scratch or knick on this expertly cared for camera . I bought it so I could take action photos at baseball games , etc. , and the one time i tried it , i found i have a lot to learn , but that the camera , when used properly takes amazing photos.When I informed the seller the memory card was defective , he offered to send me a replacement . He was very helpful and I appreciate his efforts to ensure I was happy with the camera . Considering how much I paid -LRB- about 1/3 of the price of a new one -RRB- , i can run and buy my own new memory card , but the offer of a replacement was telling , and I thank him for that .
 My first DSLR was a Nikon D100 . The D100 was a marvel at the time , one of the first affordable DSLRs , but when the D70 came out , I bought one . The D70 is the camera that the D100 should have been , with much improved placement of controls , and menus that were much improved in appearance -LRB- after a firmware upgrade -RRB- . I 've taken several thousand photos with the D70 , and some of them have won contests with nice prizes . For the current price , I doubt if there 's a better bargain to be had.I recently bought a Nikon D200 , but I 'll definitely keep my D70 for a backup .
 I bought this camera a few weeks ago with the intention of using it as my backup / `` uh-oh '' camera , one that I could break and not really care too much about . The quality is decent , it does appear grainy depending on the light conditions outside . I did a small shoot recently when there was about half a foot of snow on the ground and a slight overcast and there was still a noticeable amount of grain -LRB- at least to me , friends ca n't tell -RRB- . As I said in the title , it 's great for beginners . It offers a lot for new photographers , all the manual settings , the auto-focus motor in the camera makes it great for lenses that do n't have it built in . The 6.1 or whatever MP gets outdone by newer point and shoots , but for what it is it 's a great camera.I 'd recommend this as a backup or a starter camera .
 The shipping said that it would come in about 8 days or so and it came in literally 2 days , I was really shocked about that because I was just patiently waiting . I am very pleased for the quality I 've gotten at the price . And I emailed the person who sold me the item , he was very polite and answered anything I needed . My first DSLR and I cant wait to use it !
 Super excited to buy my dream camera . Older model , but it 's what i wanted . Had a problem with the view finder during transit , but the vendor made it right with me . Does n't affect the great quality pictures . Would do business with this vendor again ...
 I 've been away from photography for a long time . I got the bug again after entering some images into a company Art in the Workplace program . My entries were from 15 years ago , when I had a film darkroom . Lucky , one of my images was selected to be shown . So I started . That was enough for me to get the bug again . So I started looking . I considered another film camera when a friend recommended looking at a slightly older DSLR . In terms of lens compatibility , the D70 seems to live at the sweet spot.I found one here on Amazon for the amazing price of $ 244.00 . I had some doubts as to the overall quality of a $ 200ish DSLR camera . But boy was I wrong ! The camera arrived in nearly pristine condition . The camera is -LRB- after some time with the manual -RRB- easy to use . The controls are smartly located and make since . The body feels very secure with a great hand grip . I bought a Nikon 18-70 AF-S DX lens online for $ 140.00 . I am wanting for it to arrive . In the meantime , I am borrowing a Nikon 18-105 AF-S DX VR lens . So , my out of pocket is $ 380.00 for a camera that once sold for approx $ 1200.00 ?? I am cool with that.Again , I am pleasantly surprised at the smoothness of the camera and the optics . Yes , the camera is only 6 megapixels , but that does not matter too much -LRB- at least to me -RRB- . I think the quality of the images I am getting from this camera is simply amazing . For the price I paid for this camera , you could say that this is an entry level camera , but at one point this was one of Nikon 's med level products . I believe currently , D70s are only available used.I recommend one of these to anyone who wants a really great DSLR camera without spending large sums of money . With the money you save on the camera , you can buy yourself a nice lens and have a camera worthy of the Nikon name and reputation .
 What is up Nikon ? How do I know what mode I am in when it is dark ? Sure there is a backlite LCD panel but it does n't tell you what mode you are in . And since the program dial just spins around you ca n't count back what mode you are in either . I guess I will have to carry around a pocket light . Why did Nikon take away such a basic feature . Also the AF illumin . light does n't stay on long enough and takes too long for it to light up again . Oh and fix the dust on the CCD issue . Come on camera guys we are forking over thousands of dollars for this stuff and still dealing with dust ? Even the cheaper digitals have solved the problem . Overall not a bad camera . WB is too warm on A with flash . Nikon still has some homework to finish .
 i had one of these
 Great quality images and easy to handle for someone with beginning knowledge in photography . We purchased this for our 12 year old daughter and she is ecstatic to start learning : -RRB-
 Sorry to inform all of the final death of film photograhy . Finally , a full featured digital SLR that makes no compromises is available for the consumer market . The camera is amazingly fast , works in the dark , has a great integrated flash , is easy to use , has a battery that lasts for days , and is fully compatible with all nikon AF lenses . Not only that , it takes pictures that will shame the 150 year old chemical film process into oblivion . I own a nikon 5700 and I am happy to report that this camera simply blows it , or anything else in the market at any price , away . Thank you Nikon , this is the digital camera all photo buffs have been waiting for !
 First , I 'm at the bottom of the barrel among my `` expertise '' when it comes to REAL cameras . Almost all of my total experience is with cheaper digital cameras -LRB- well , I owned a Kodak 110 , once -RRB- ranging from the Casio DC10 to a Fujifilm S602Zoom -LRB- which has all but been abandoned by Fuijfilm !!! -RRB- . So , with that thought in mind
 I am not a professional photographer , but I learned to shoot with a 35mm Nikon n70 . I made the transition to digital with an S1 , and recently purchased a D70 kit -LRB- including the new AF lens -RRB- . It is tremendous . The auto mode produces nice picturesif you want point and shoot functionality , and for long time Nikon SLR users , you will take 15 mintues to figure out where everything is , because it 's all where you 'd expect Nikon to put it . Highly recomeded !
 Like Ken Rockwell said , this is the finest digital camera under $ 3000 . I am an advanced user and have used this wonder toy to do all kinds of photography . . action - using telephoto lenses , portraiture - in my makeshift studio using studio strobes , microphotography -LRB- not just macro -RRB- at 9X magnification by mounting on an old Olympus bellows and using Olympus macro lenses -LRB- dont ask me how -RRB- , and even everyday street shooting with a zoom lens . This camera excels in everything it does . Image quality when shooting RAW at ISO 200 and subject properly illuminated by multuple strobes , is simply unmatched.However nothing is perfect , and I am less than happy with the white balance . When WB is set on ` strobe ' , flash exposures come out warm . Thats not a problem at all as it can be corrected in a flash -LRB- pardon the pun -RRB- in photoshop . Better still is to set a custom WB by shooting a gray/white card in the same ambient light as that illuminating the subject .
 I really like this camera . The best thing about it is the speed , which operates as fast as you can press buttons . The picture quality is wonderful and the size and handling are exemplary . The only negative I could say is that it is Nikon 's least expensive DSLR and feels that way . Not exactly `` cheap '' feeling , but more like `` well made in Thailand '' rather than `` well made in Japan '' . The best way to sum up this camera is that if offers all the speed , flexibility , customization , and picture quality of cameras costing 2 or 3 times more , but wraps it in a package that feels like a budget camera . The plus side of this though is that you do n't feel so bad traveling around with it , being paranoid about it getting stolen , damaged , etc. - it 's not a huge cost to replace it compared to more expensive cameras that offer the same performance and picture quality . I used the money I saved on the body to buy quality Nikon lenses and am exrtemely pleased with the quality of pictures I 'm getting . I would buy it again in a second . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 No kidding , I 'm almost a raw amateur . I put down photography 20 years ago and finally decided to buy another camera - I knew it 'd be digital , hardly anyone talks about film these days - so I started looking around the very day the D70 came out . Knew nothing about it , only that I could n't find one at five different stores I stopped at in the Boston area . One look at the specs and the price , though , and I knew a fixed lense digicam was a serious waste of money for a compromise.Bought the camera with the 18-70mm lense as well as a 70-300mm zoom I needed for flexibility . Looked at the manual . White balance ? What 's that?Took the camera out to a nearby lake . What pictures ! Razor sharp . First vari-setting I tried I could see the needles in the tops of evergreens fifty feet away on the LCD screen . Bright display , fast starting , good viewfinder . Been learning its foibles ever since.Comments
 I have been holding out for a few years now to get a digital SLR because what I saw before this was simply not worth my money . I have to say I am glad I waited . Hats off to all those who were involved in designing and making of this camera . -LRB- Whoever they are would have gotten a big bonus if I were the boss ; - -RRB- I got this camera for a trip coming up . I was n't sure if it would be worthwhile to sink the money into a camera before a major trip . I was also concerned about whether or not I &#8217; d have enough time to learn to use the camera . So I got it just to see and I have been in love with it ever since . I now have had the camera for 3 days now and it is definitely not going back ! There are so many great things about this camera but here is some of what excites me :1 -RRB- Picture quality - I have taken test shots under different lighting conditions and most of them came out great without any special setting outside of the usual aperture and shutter changes . This camera makes me look good .2 -RRB- The lens - It is sharp and it has a zoom range that is useful for most daily shootings .3 -RRB- The button layouts and menus are intuitive .4 -RRB- Love the instant gratification and the fact that I can see the mistakes I made so that I can make instance correction by taking another shot ... great for learning5 -RRB- The camera is smaller and lighter than my regular SLR and has an on camera flash . All of these features are all very convenient for traveling .6 -RRB- I can charge the battery independent from the camera so that I do n't need to worry about losing the camera in a hostel somewhere ; - -RRB- 7 -RRB- I can get good pictures in low light conditions that I couldn &#8217; t get decent shots for using my regular SLR even with 800 ISO film .8 -RRB- Last but not least ... the camera feels solid and feels like a regular SLRI am confident that I will get better pictures on this trip particularly because of # 4 ... no one will even have a chance to see those bad shots , ha .
 I 've been a `` prosumer '' for many years , and was always frustrated that as much as I might try I could n't make photos like Galen Rowell or those found in Outdoor Photography . I tried using Velvia , took classes , all the rest . Now , with the D70 , I think I can pictures I can be proud of . And perhaps more importantly , that my wife likes.I 'm just finishing a trip to France and I 'm delighted with the D70 . It 's various automatic modes work great and really , my photos look fantastic . As a friend suggested , I always use the highest-resolution offered so that later I can crop as needed , and the slowest ISO speed . Down in Paris ' catacombs I took great free-handed photos in the near-darkness by increasing the `` film speed '' to 1600 . How 'd you like to try that with film?The other VERY great thing is the battery . I 've had a CoolPix 900 and found myself having to carry a bandolier of batteries ; it seemed like they needed changing about every ten photos . The D70 just seems to go on forever . Since the time I bought it -LRB- in late November -RRB- and first charged it , I 've had to re-charge once . That 's it.So it you 've got an investment in Nikon lenses and want to leverage that investment , the D70 's a great opportunity . At least for now it 's everything I 've always wanted .
 The D70 , especially since the d70s came out , is a bargain . I bought the D70 and upgraded the firmware -LRB- easy - see nikon website -RRB- and now have a D70s sans the .2 inch larger screen on the back.I used to do freelance work and have boxes of nikon accessories to play with so I just bought the body . Only complaint ? These new D-series cameras do n't seem to like the old flash units . Oh , and when will Nikon go full frame so we do n't have to deal with these small-sensor lens -LRB- or the conversion factor -RRB- and use our old proper film ones . Alas.Otherwise the D70 is perfect ... Light weight . Depth of field preview . Grid in the viewfinder . Instant on . Fast processing . The new built-in wireless `` commander-mode '' with the new flashes.This camera is a joy to use .
 I have been a Canon user for about three years now . My Canon Xti has not let me down yet . I kept hearing and reading all these good reviews on Nikon DSLRS . I originally was going to get a Nikon , but for some reason did n't . Anyways , after reading , i decided just to take a chance with one . I was recommended the d70 or d50 as a starter Nikon . I just bought a used Nikon body -LRB- wonderful condition BTW -RRB- just in case i really did n't like it . The first i noticed when i took the camera out was the Body 's size . Comparing to my Canon XTI , the body is larger , but feels much stronger and better made . I actually do n't shake as much when i hold the Nikon compared to the Canon . When it 's comes to the battery life , it seems very well . As for options and functions , it 's laid out very well , and not diffcult to use . The screen is a good bit smaller than my Canon , but that is ok . I 'm getting use to it . Now , as for the white balance , the Nikon takes the cake . Canons are more on the warm white balance and if you want to make it normal/neutral , you sometimes have to set a custom white balance -LRB- Especially indoors -RRB- . I did n't have to do that with the Nikon yet . I just set it to whatever correct white balance and it 's pretty accurate . That 's a plus . The colors are very nice too , but i 'll be able to fully tell as time goes . I read a couple of negatives that i may be able to help out with
 I have had my Nikon D70 for just over 4 years now , and yes it is my first digital camera . Yes I still shoot film . Just yesterday I shot 9 + hours with this camera on one battery ! My wife 's D3100 , dead after 7 hours . My sister in law 's Cannon Rebel , dead after 7.5 hours . I was still shooting . This camera is a work horse . Drop it , smack it , treat it like a Nikon , it can handle it . It does not have all the bells and whistles of the newer models . It only shoots 1.5 frames a second . It 's review screen is really small . It only takes CF cards . It is heavy , which I like . The ISO only goes up to 1600 . It processes photos really slow . So for all the negatives , I still love it . When I upgrade , I want to keep it as a back up or for someone who wants to get into photography .
 For anyone wanting to start using Digital SLRs this is a great product ! It is easy to use , the quality is perfect and it weighs much less than other SLRs . You could go for a newer item with more updated features , but you will pay more . If you are a pro on a budget or a beginner wanting to learn then this product is great for you .
 It is easy to use . Believe it or not this is my back up camera to my Nikon N90s 35mm . It does everything the way its supposed to and does it without a problem . I bought it used this year in June . This is my first digital SLR . It is n't the best and I knew that when I bought it . I have no complaints . It is just a simple pro-sumer camera . I 'd buy again .
 Lets get to the main point of buying a DSLR - I wanted fast & sharp results with versatility included . This is what I wanted and this is what I got ! The price could n't get much cheaper or it 'd be an absolute steal -LRB- not that it already is n't -RRB- . I feel like a real professional just HOLDING the D70 . Truth is , I would n't give up this baby for the world . Digital SLR 's are so much better than some cheap point and shoot restraintive camera . Break free and buy a D70 ! Look at the flawless reviews , try it out , and see for yourself . YOU WILL NOT BE DISAPPOINTED !
 I shopped around a lot , and could n't find a comparable camera for this price . It has full-featured Auto mode and all the manual control you 'd want at the same time - a must get .
 Many of my best shots have been with this camera and I find it fast when taking consecutive photos . Colors are average while manual functions are tedious . . This camera is quite bulky for travelling but gives you good shots . I recommend having a professional SLR camera together with a compact camera like FUJI F10 . The colors and clarity of the pictures of the 6 MP FUJI are superb to the Nikon D70 , not to mention the feather weight of it .
 Love the camera . Perfect for move from film slr to digital slr . I love this camera . Will keep it for life .
 I have been a Nikon user for over 20 years , and owned at least six different bodies and lots of lenses . My all time favorite is the FM2N . Why Nikon ? It 's the lenses ! Nikon seems to understand this is the main selling point of their system . SO they have never changed the F lens mount . You can use older manual focus AI and AIS lenses on the D70 . The bad news
 I have a Nikon D100 and love it . But if I were in the market today , the D70 would be the one I selected . At $ 999 -LRB- body only -RRB- this is absolutely an outrageous bargain , and Nikon has plainly positioned this camera price/feature-wise to dominate the market.This camera and others like it herald the death of film . This camera will produce breathtakingly good images and you do n't have to pay to develop them before you view them . Just take your CF card and attach it to a reader and you can review the pictures on your personal computer . Then select the ones you want and print them yourself -LRB- good printers are pretty cheap these days -RRB- or submit them on-line to any number of professional printing houses who will mail you wonderful prints in a day or two . And you can process the images with any of several superb -LRB- and inexpensive -RRB- programs giving you a `` digital darkroom '' capability that far exceeds what an expensive and messy film darkroom could achieve with film . The digital darkroom is a reality!The D70 has all of the features that a serious amateur -LRB- and even a pro , IMHO -RRB- will want . First the basics
 The D70 is the digital SLR to record daily life and life events . With a 6 megapixel resolution limits the size of prints you can make with it to about 11 '' by 17 '' . If this is not a problem for you then this is your digital camera . If you want to be able to make larger prints with good resolution , then you need to spend a great deal more money for a higher resolution digital camera -LRB- about $ 5,000 -RRB- or stick with film . I keep my old N90 for these purposes.Buy the D70 without the bundled 18-70 Nikon lens if -LRB- 1 -RRB- you already have a bundle of Nikon lenses ; or -LRB- 2 -RRB- if you want a more capable first lens for your camera . If you want a more capable lens I strongly recommend the Nikon 24-120 lens . It cost $ 500 from B&H ; photo and will wind up being the lens you always keep on your camera . Its equivalent range in film cameras is 36-180 - in other words slight wide angle to more than satisfactory telephoto . This is the fourth generation of this lens by Nikon and it now has all the bells and whistles
 Pros
 This camera is awesome ! I have a Nikon N80 35mm film camera and the D70 is basically a digital version of the N80 . They look and perform in very similar manners . The D70 is slightly taller and heavier than the N80 , though . I do want to warn people that digital photography with a D-SLR is different than film photography with a 35mm SLR . It takes practice and a little time to get used to it . But once you do you 'll love it!The D70 has pretty much everything a digital SLR needs . It takes exceptionally sharp pictures with the 6.1 MP sensor . The rechargeable battery lasts forever . So far I 've taken about 200 pictures -LRB- some with flash , some without -RRB- , reviewed the pics on the LCD and experimented with various menu functions and the battery meter has n't gone down any yet.The menu on the D70 is expansive . It has all kinds of customizations to make the camera fit your personal preferences -LRB- Like which control knob changes aperture or shutter speed , bracketing order , self timer length , etc -RRB- . The camera also includes many white balance settings and adjustments like vivid , saturation , contrast , etc.The camera can take pictures in 5 different options
 This is a good camera . The only real complaint is the lack of raw jpeg or tiff storage -LRB- you can store raw or compressed jpeg only -RRB- That means a lot of dark room work , or a lot a reduction in printable size . ISO Range is also limited to 200 in the lower end.A word of caution . When you see this camera selling for new at a price that is significantly below what the Amazon vendor Adorama offers -LRB- A reputable lower prices kind of firm -RRB- be very cautious.There are a lot of scams where they offer you a ridiculously low price -LRB- $ 500 -RRB- for new camera but only if you contact them first . Then they try and upsell you and if you dont buy a bunch of over priced very expensive garbage they cancel your order , but then they have you credit info . -LSB- ... -RSB- look at Genius Cameras to get a good idea of how this works.Good luck , great camera .
 I got frustrated taking pictures and not being able see what I was getting in the viewfinder . And I was even more frustrated with the shutter lag . There was no choice . I had to move up to an SLR . I read everything , and spoke to top commercial and news photographers about what to get . They naturally , chose top of the line Canons and Nikons . When the D70 came out , I tried it and fell in love with it . You flick a switch and it 's on . Hit the shutter and you have an instant picture . Of course the quality is supurb , but what makes it a joy is that it 's easier to use than a prosumer digital camera . I started off with the kit lens and within two weeks moved up to the Vibration-Reduction 24-120 lens . It 's slower than the kit lens , but the vibration reduction compensates for it . News photographers have told me that the D-70 works as well as their top of the line Nikons , but they would n't use one because it is n't built to take the beating they give their cameras . Once you get the camera , you wo n't be able to put it down . It makes me wonder what Nikon will come out with next .
 I 've been using a Nikon F4 for over 12 years and had no intention of going digital until a friend loaned me his Canon 10D - what a great camera . Shortly thereafter Nikon released the D70 enabling me to acquire a reasonably affordable digital body and to keep using all my great Nikkor glass . Although the D70 feels like a toy compared to the F4 it takes fantastic pictures - as good or better than my best taken with Velvia at least up to 8x10 -LRB- printed using an Epson SP2200/Epson Premium Luster Paper -RRB- . The D70 's easy to use and has all the feature 's you 'd want . I usually shoot on manual , but the D70 's `` autopilot '' programs are great & shooting at ISO 1600 gives nice results . `` Optimizing '' with PhotoShop has been infrequent . The only problem I 've encountered so far is that the CR2 's -LRB- not cheap -RRB- go very quickly - but the rechargeable batteries last `` forever '' . The D70 's a no-brainer . *********** Almost one year & about 15,000 shots later the only thing I miss about my F4 is not being able to shoot quickly , not being able to take full advantage of my 17-35 mm zoom and not getting enough arm exercise -LRB- so I still use the F4 for these purposes -RRB- . The D70 's fantastic !!
 Simply put , the Nikon D70 is the finest camera I have ever used . As an amateur photographer I have owned a variety of Nikon SLRs during the age of film photography . That is until the digital bug hit me with the introduction of the Olympus C2020 -LRB- a superb camera in its own right -RRB- . I have anxiously awaited the day when I could return to the SLR and do it digitally . The D70 has made my day ! This camera is incredibly easy to use and intuitive right out of the box . You can easily operate exposure controls , flash , and etc. without going through menus . All the settings can be seen in the viewfinder and the control dials are in the right places so you do n't have to take your eye off the subject . It felt like coming home again to use an SLR , shoot through a viewfinder , and quickly and easily adjust exposures . Since there is no shutter-lag with this camera , and image writing to the card is fast , you do n't have to anticipate your shots . Image quality is phenomenal and the 6 megapixel count assures you of excellent `` darkroom '' control . There are so many image capture options available in its menu that it pays to test the camera for settings that satisfy your needs -LRB- e.g. regulating sharpness , contrast , and tonal distributions -RRB- . But even the default automatic settings provide photographs that can be beautifully printed right out-of-the-box . The 18-70mm DX lense that comes with the kit -LRB- equivalent to 27-105mm for 35mm film -RRB- is a great buy and delivers excellent image quality . I only wish its filter size -LRB- 67mm -RRB- matched any of the filters that I had acquired for my old lenses . For the serious amateur who wants the level of control and image quality that only an SLR can provide , the Nikon D70 is definitely it . The affordable digital SLR has arrived ! Sorry , Kodak , the era of film photography has truly come to an end .
 I 've had this camera for three months and have shot several thousand pictures . I tried the Olympus 8MP 8080 but it was noisy except for ISO 50 like all prosumer ZSLR 's . I exchanged it this beauty and after the first day never looked back.Everything you 've read is true , GREAT pictures , NO more shutter lag , battery lasts about 4x longer than compact cameras since you set up the shot from the viewfinder not the LCD which uses power . Plus the battery is powerful , 1400mAh . I now rarely use Photoshop . It 's easy to use and has many , many functions including the ability to fine tune the white balance -- very useful and many development options.The lens is top notch , not like the kit lens with the Canon Rebel . To compliment this lens I picked up a Nikon 28-200 . Great lens for about $ 300.00 that also works very well for macro shooting since it focuses up to about 15 inches . Add an extension tube and you can photograph the pollen in a flower with razor sharp results . No need to pick up a macro lens this one does it all plus it 's a great lens for walking around . Do n't get the Tamron 28-300 since images are soft between 200-300mm and it will depreciate faster than any Nikon lens because of the name . I also picked up a used razor sharp 70-210 f4.0-5 .6 lens for only $ 150.00 which is much , much better than the new 80-200 or 80-300 more expensive Nikon lenses.Pros : Simply great shotsEase of UseInstant OnSuper FastLots of FeaturesSoftware
 Sometimes it wo n't let me take a picture . I finally figured out why - different focusing systems are very particular . Read the manual chapter on focusing . You 'll learn about its different modes and each mode 's requirements.I 've owned the D70 since the first day it was available in the U.S. of A. It 's a great camera with too many features to ever use . Oh yea , that 's because its Japanese !
 The mirror lens was a high quality low cost alternative to a very heavy and very expensive conventional telephoto lens.Where you want an occasional lens this is a fantastic buy . It is decidedly smaller and lighter than the conventional lens and it gives an excellent picture . With a Canon Digital SLR it should be remembered that the Rebel Series RD300 , RD350 and RD400 have a smaller `` Film '' size so that the 500mm lens is nearer 800mm on a film camers - a truely huge lens .
 Update 2008 Aug 17 : I used this lens long enough to maximize its potential . I shot handhold with ISO 800 at 1/800s when the subject is in sunny day and ISO 1600 at 1/800S when subject is in cloudy day with my 40D , and I just uploaded some here . My subjects are mostly moving people , but focus is no problem with me . I have to say that the deep of field of this lens is very very shallow , and if you do n't focus right or if you do n't know how to focus a lens which is by turning the focus ring to the right or left , then your picture will be very very soft to a point that is out of focus.THIS LENS IS OUTDOOR ONLY LENS . Even if you use tripod indoor , focus is nearly impossible because of this lens 's maximum aperture is F/8 , since you need light to be able to focus.Lens flare is a big problem . you need to use front or size lighting when using this lens , or you will get very very low contrast pictures.Post-Process is not an opinion . you have to increase the contrast and the color saturation of every pictures . Sharpness is no way comparable to my other canon L lenses , but when the focus is acceptable and with some Photoshop sharpening , the result is comparable to most consumer-level lens.I used quite a number of lens before this lens . I own three Canon professional L lens and have sigma 's EX line lens . This is the cheapest lens I bought . I learned one thing that a good lens can produce bad picture if you do n't know how to use it in an appropriate way . For real , the time I bought my L lens , I am totally count on it , but it disappointed me after I got bad results.That is to say
 this was a good find for me , i was looking to expand my equipment for my camera . and this was a good one !
 I 've been shooting more photos with my digital camera , but I was n't ready to give up my film camera for good -- I just did n't want to keep spending $ 6.00 for a battery every few months . I 've only just started seeing rechargable cr123 's and I liked the idea of getting 2 rechargables and the charger for about what 3 standard batteries cost.On my first try one of the batteries would n't charge properly , so I had to return it for replacement -LRB- a nearly painless procedure , thanks Amazon -RRB- . The second batch works well.The process is a little trickier than the description leads you to believe . When you put two drained batteries in the charger the LED glows red , but it does n't suddenly change to green when the batteries are fully charged . Instead , the LED gradually and smoothly shifts to orange , yellow , yellow-green and then green . Also , when it does get to green the batteries still are n't fully charged -- the best bet might be to just let it charge overnight.I have n't tried to document how well a fully charged battery performs -LRB- 700 mah -RRB- vs. a conventional lithium cr123a -LRB- typically 1400 mah -RRB- . Also , I have not yet tried to measure the `` shelf life '' of a full charge -- but , since a conventional lithium battery has a shelf life of up to 10 years -LRB- ! -RRB- I plan to carry one last conventional battery with me just in case both rechargables die when I need them , then replace it again when they 're recharged.So far , it looks good .
 I use these in my Feni TK15 with no problems . Still throws the beam out 200m easy . During tests you can not tell the difference between these and SureFire CR123 's .
 I would reccomend this card to anyone . This card just plugged and played . The drivers intstalled automatically and I was up and surfing the internet in no time at all . Great wireless card . Works great .
 This card simply plugs in and works . The configuration utility has a very user friendly interface . I get better range with this card than I did with a Linksys one . Even better than a 802.11 g USB adaptor .
 i purchased 4 of these subs . 2 were for my dj speakers and 2 were for my dj subs . for 55 bucks a pop these things are great . thow them in a 5 cubic foot box tuned to 30 hz and it sounds mint . i had them for about 2 months and no problems what so ever
 I am a 5 year sound tech who is on a tight budget . I planned on making a bass bin to add to my arsenal or speakers . I made a bass bin around this speaker because the Pyle one I had for years was too deep . I mounted it and it kicks . I am only able to run 200 watts and it kicks !!! I love the price and the specs of the speaker . When I first broke it in , It sounded rattly . I was concerned but then realized that my PC volume was left up too high from my other rig . Turned it down and it sounds great . Definitely going to buy another in the far future for another bin.The only thing I did n't like was how it was shipped . It was shipped in the display box and the magnet was scraped up . Glad it still worked .
 I originally bought 2 of these for DJ , and after i fell in love with them , i bought one for my car and will be surely adding more to my car . these are some great speakers , and know how to make the neighbors complain . .
 Length :
 The wireless trackball hand-held mouse is a great product overall . There is no change in the responsiveness of this trackball compared to a regular mouse.The hand-held mouse is very intuitive having a left-click button on the handle where your pointer finger will naturally sit . So you will move the trackball with your thumb and use your pointer finger to click on objects or hold down the left-click button.The right click button is by the trackball and easily pushed with your thumb.This is an easy to use mouse , and I have n't even gotten to the best part yet.You can use this mouse while standing 10-15 feet away from your computer . I 've rested my arm in my lap while sitting close to my computer -LRB- the mouse is under the desk at this point -RRB- and have full control over all movement of the cursor.If you have any shoulder/neck pain issues from mousing - this is the way to go . I 've reduced my shoulder and neck pain to almost zero in a week after getting this mouse.The only drawback on this mouse is that the trackball will get sticky with even a small amout of dust or fuzz . You 'll have to clean it fairly regularly - at least once every two weeks . To clean the mouse is easy to do , but the amount of cleaning is noticeable when you get used to a mouse that is smooth for years before it needs a cleaning .
 This unit is as represented but I think the graphis could use some help . It does n't clearly define exit ramps from major roads . As in the name of them prior to exit.I was a little disappointed that the graphics were not on par with Garmin aviation GPS units .
 I ordered the navigator to assist me with my out-of-town , large city driving directions . When I received the system it appeared to be the greatest device , but provided more information than I really needed.I was going to put it in the car to give it a try but the charger was not included . I did attach it to the computer and I 'm sure would have been pleased with this system.Ordering online is new to me and my experience was n't the best with the missing item , however , this was truly a human error and I will probably order online in the future.I did go to a local store -LRB- Circuit City -RRB- and purchase the Garmin StreetPilot that was a little smaller and had bluetooth capability . I am extremely pleased with the navigator and it was a wonderful companion during a recent trip to Cincinnati & Cleveland . I felt secure knowing I was always going in the right direction.Thank you for your follow-up and interest.Sincerely , Sue TottenMy overall experience
 I have been using the garmin 7500 -LRB- without the dead-reckoning cable attached , with the XM Radio Antenna -RRB- since March 2006 and have loved the unit . The screen is large and very easy to read.I 've used the unit mounted on a dash-board and sitting in our cup-holders . In both cases the system found my location with at least 3 or 4 satellites and worked well . While driving through the mountains , in tree covered roads I will often lose the XM signal , and occasionally lose the GPS . I believe the GPS would be improved once I install the dead-reckoning cable.I greatly appreciate the ability to connect directly to my computer and download updates , languages , points of interest , extras , and the ability to change the start-up screen to an image of my choice . It has also helped to have the SD card for storing music and audiobooks while driving.While the navigation system is excellent , the XM interface and MP3 player is only average . The MP3 player has no way to fast-forward or reverse within a track , which is ok for music but hard for audiobooks . The XM service would be better if it stored the last 30 minutes of audio -LRB- as most units do today -RRB- and it was easier to switch between preset channels -LRB- it currently requires about 4 clicks , and you can only store 6 channels per preset -RRB- . The navigation has been excellent . The maps are up to date and I believe updates will occur when synchronizing with the computer.It is essential to read the manual . Most features come as extra downloads when connecting to the Garmin service , which is n't clear from working with the unit.The large screen makes the 7500 a bad choice for cars and SUV 's with small front windows . The screen blocks quite a bit of the window . This is n't the case in our minivan , but would be unusable in vehicles with less window space.Overall this is a great product , and I recommend it to others .
 First off , not for the faint of heart , this is one heck of a GPS unit . Too big for most cars , but one you would love to have . I have a Mistubishi Montero 04 and it fit perfect in the dash , however to veiw movies I had to tilt it making the install look less professional than if I placed it in the center console exciting angle . I love the XM radio which I already had , and the features are n't the best in garmins package , but it functional . Viewing videos are a nice touch , I purchased a vehicle DVD player for it also , but the angle to view is limited in a fixed install . All in all , love it , great deal on Amazon on price , but did n't like the cost of the add on XM antenna , $ 250.00 bucks more . but my savings on Amazon made the bitter taste easier to swallow .
 This GPS is worth every dollar.If you do n't have $ 1000 dollars to spend , invest in Garmin stock -LRB- GRMN -RRB- and you soon will have . I did.Garmin could produce it for less and greatly improve it by eliminating the cigarette lighter/bracket combination and providing a small power inverter to use the also provided DC in cord and transformer.Furthermore , they should do a deal with RamMount -LRB- expressmounts.com -RRB- and provide a windshield suction cup mount . The adhesive backed mount provided by Garmin is useless.I told these things to a Garmin customer service representative , but I doubt he passed it on or followed up.So , when you order yours also order a RamMount from expressmounts.com . You will be glad you did .
 I have both a Streetpilot III + -LRB- still works like new -RRB- and a Streetpilot 2620 which I use now . Both of those products have convinced me to stick with Garmin since neither one has ever given me a minute 's trouble ! I have done a lot of research and have read pages of complaints about Magellan 's lack of quality in both their products and their service - a shame since they have some really good features , so my next unit will likely be the 7500 . There are a few things I do n't like about the 2620 that have been fixed -LRB- ??? -RRB- in the 7500 . Points of interest can now be added without having to update the entire map database . Dead reckoning has been re-released in the 7500 -LRB- it was also included with the 2660 , but that unit was pulled off the shelves before I could buy it ; hence the purchase of the 2620 -RRB- . The display is much larger and offers both 2D and 3D . I am hoping that the power cord fits better
 I decided to buy the Garmin StreetPilot 7500 GPS Vehicle Navigation after I was cheated by the salesperson who swore me that the Audi Q7 I was buying him could have a dealer installed Audi original GPS . That was a lie and I bought the 7500 because I wanted a big screen device , similar in size to the original Audi one . And this is correct
 This is a great GPS navigator system . Especially when it come to navigate without the satellite , it is great . However , some of the base map that comes with this unit is outdated but for the most part it is quick and responsive when you missed a turn or two . The large display makes it easy to work with . Overall very easy , straight forward to work with and has lots of options . I took this unit on vacation to mid west and it worked as good as northeast . Just type in the address and few seconds latter you are ready to go.I highly recommend this unit
 I really like my Garmin StreetPilot 7500 GPS . I think the 7200 would have been adequate for my needs , but the 7500 is great . I like the quick touch screen features . The only situation I am dealing with is its size and safe mounting . Otherwise , a very good purchase .
 I have had this machine for about a month . It works beautifully and is more user friendly than my previous laptop , but the key markings are already rubbing off ! The letters are white on black , and the tech support line only suggested finding a plastic cover to put over the keys . The keyboard is considered cosmetic and not covered under warranty , but could be replaced for $ 230 . They explained that some people 's skin chemistry is more abrasive than others , but I have never had a problem with the keys on other brands . I have since heard other complaints about Futisu Lifebooks ' letters wearing off .
 Last I checked , it was still running since 2007 ! If it is still working , Merry Christmas dad . hehe Sorry I could not give you more .
 I 've had this laptop for about 3 years.I installed Windows 7 Home Premium and added an extra 1 Gb of Ram on it and it works great.The only drawbacks that I 've encountered are : - The trim on the laptop is n't very durable -LRB- plastic fades easily -RRB- . - The fingerprint reader/software wo n't work with Windows 7-Battery life is lacking -LRB- less than 5 hours -RRB- The Pros : + Easy access to Hard Drive and Ram ports + Made in Japan + DVDRW drive + Lots of USB ports -LRB- 5 total -RRB- This laptop is faster and more usable than a netbook . However , this behemoth is heavy -LRB- 11 lbs -RRB- ! Its not fast enough to play the latest and greatest 3D FPS , but you can easily use the latest version of Photoshop and numerous video editors.Bottom-line , if you want a laptop that can process multimedia files , this laptop is for you . Stable , easy to use , and relatively inexpensive laptop .
 This is a great little Kit i must say!I have been using this kit for the past few days to sleeve all of the cables inside my computer . The quality seems totally great - even the heatshrink seems to be pretty awesome - shrinks well and has held up so far . ** EDIT ** Well now that I know more about cable sleeving , I am still impressed with this kit . It comes with enough 1/8th inch to sleeve about half of a PSU MDPC style - -LRB- google `` MDPC PSU Sleeving '' -RRB- and the mid size sleeving is just about the right size to do sata cables if that 's something you 're in to . It 's a little loose on SATA cables , but no noticeably so.The sleeving is totally opaque -LRB- meaning it will hide the colors beneath it -RRB- unlike some cheap sleeving you find on the internet -LRB- and indeed on some higher end PSUs etc. -RRB- The heatshrink is not too bad - to be honest the stuff I got at Home Depot was better quality , and I hear that Radioshack has even better stuff . The HS with this kit is n't necessarily BAD ... it does n't crack and it shrinks to a pretty decent finish , it just does n't have that solid `` I 'm gon na be around for a while '' feel that I would have liked.Still , no points off especially at this price range!If you are planning on doing your whole PSU MDPC as well as SATA cables and front panel connectors , I would suggest getting maybe 2-3 of these kits !
 I have no problems using this MMC card with my Nokia 3650 . It comes already formatted , so you could use it right away , as soon as you get it.Well , what else is there to say about an MMC card ? It works , and works well .
 Use it in my Nokia phone to hold mp3s . Just got it , no problem so far , works nicely , holds about 25 to 30 songs .
 I ordered this card and am currently using it in my mp3 player . It works great and holds about 2 hours of music . I would recommend this purchase to anyone in the market for a Multimedia Card .
 Fast and reliable . Works perfectly in my Nokia 3650 . What else is there to say ?
 This was the best price I could fine for this amount of memory
 Hey does this card work fo rthe Nokia N-Gage ? If any one knows , say yes to this review if it does , and no if it do n't .
 it says 122MB , was n't it a 128MB mmc ?
 I was apprehensive ordering a MMC , but I did a lot of research and even chatted online with someone at SimpleTech who told me that the card would work with my RioS10 MP3/WMA player and it does ! All I did was put the card in my player and it showed up in my music manager as a 123mb MMC -LRB- 5mb less -RRB- and I downloaded music on it that sounds great . I 've used it for a couple months now and would highly recommend it . : - -RRB-
 I purchased this memory for use in an MP3 Player -LRB- Rio Cali-256 -RRB- , in order to give me an additional 30-35 songs.Within seconds , I removed the card from the package , popped it in , and it was immediately recognized by my player . No need for formatting . Next , I started downloading songs , and found the transfer rate to be faster than that of the memory onboard my mp3 player.When I noticed I had put the wrong songs on the card , I formatted the card -LRB- very fast , well under a minute -RRB- and downloaded a new set .
 Installed it in my Nokia 3650 phone and worked quite well .
 I bought this for Kodak digital camera DX6340 . I was little apprehensive about its performance after reading some of the negative reviews . But it has been working very good so far . It is worth its price -LRB- more tempting when you get rebate - I did -RRB- . For the same capacity , Kodak 's brand will cost more . Unless somebody is brand obsessive , there is no point spending extra bucks .
 Nervously , plopped it in into the slot of my Palm Zire 71 and it worked great the first time !! No complaints here .
 This works well with both the sipix & minolta cameras . What I really like is that it does not lose the information stored on here , like some flash memory on PDA 's do ! I 've had pictures on it for weeks , with no problem retreiving them . Also , I use a usb 1.1 , and transfer speed is still fast.Have had no problems with it so far , so go get it ! -LRB- as of now - dec 2 , 2003 - the 128 mb SD card seems cheaper - weird , huh ? -RRB-
 Bought this to go with my Nike PSA 60 MP3 player . With the latest firmware , it works well . Transfer speeds are a bit slow though . Not sure if that is due to player or media . Probably player .
 I like this so much I have one at home , and another at work . But there are cheaper alternatives .
 I use this amplifier for my headset at work on a Cisco voip phone and it works perfect - I love it and ca n't live without it .
 Great sound quality in the head set , but I wish I would have selected one of the over-the-head models instead . Once you put on the `` over-the-ear '' version , you ca n't just forget about it . Now I 'm looking into replacing with the head band .
 On three different computers with Windows XP the drive works great.Even on my one computer with Windows 98se it was okay . Sometimes I like to leave the drive plugged in during boot up , and Win 98se had difficulties with that . So I 'd have to give four stars while operating under Windows 98se .
 I was very satisfied with my purchase it was exactly what I wanted and I got it when it said I would I will buy from this reatailer again .
 This is a rugged high quality foot pedal . I could n't be happier with the quality of the switch box . Frankly , I expected a less rugged switch at this price.I use this switch with development software , word processing , and games.I purchased this foot pedal for use with a Macintosh . The software that allows you to setup this switch functions quite well . But it is complicated and confusing to use . I 'm a software developer and was able to get it all working the way I 'd like . But folks who are not very computer savvy are certain to need help with it.You will love this switch if you are very comfortable setting up complicated accessories or have help from a friendly geek . Otherwise it may just be too frustrating.UPDATE Jan 2013 =========== After 2 years , I still love this rugged & reliable switch pedal . And unlike so many other peripheral makers , I did n't have any trouble getting updated drivers when Mountain Lion came out . Highly recommended for anyone needing a foot switch .
 I 've tried to get alot of footswitches to work for my computer . Never have I run into a buyer beware that alot of them do n't work with Windows 7 64 bit , which I use . I had other pedals that had to be programmed on the Windows 7 32 bit computer that I also have . This was a hastle , so after returning most of them as they are defective , I bought this wary that it might work only in the same way.I called the company and found them very knowledgable of the issue and very helpful . They advised me that the same would be the case . To my happy surprise , the software that this came with does in fact work with Windows 7 64 bit.The software was a bit of a squeeze at first , it took the tutorial for me to really understand how to program what I wanted . I use it primarily for gaming.This little box is rugged and awesome and I look forward to using it more in order to get more and more functionality out of it .
 I have used these cameras for a couple of years . I have 4 of them . I tried them side by side with the Logitech cameras , and I felt that there was no comparison . The quality of the Sony camera was vastly superior , particularly in low-light conditions . This camera also has a manual focus control on it , which some of the cheaper ones do n't have . I think this helps the picture quality - when the camera is properly focused , of course.I wonder about all of the reviews that complain about quality problems . I have not noticed any degradation in the 2-3 years I have owned these cameras.As far as connecting it to a laptop , it comes with 2 options
 Based on Dr. He 's review , I bought this monitor . Even though I paid almost $ 100 more than the other 22 '' Acer LCD monitor , I would say that the extra cost is worth it . The Acer LCD is a 6-bit TN panel -LRB- probably all 22 '' panels in the market nowadays are 6-bit TN panels -RRB- lacks the accurate color depth I need to do photo editing . The difference in color rendering is visible in casual side by side comparison.Since this item is sold out from Amazon , you can also consider HP LP2065 . Do not be discouraged by the 1 '' small in size . It is 1600x1200 with almost 10 % more in pixels which means more detail . It is also a 8-bit panel and 4:3 aspect ratio , perfect for photo editing . There is a $ 40 rebate till end of April 2007 . I have taken notes from people who had problem with the power switch . I will make sure that I push that button as lightly as possible . Thanks for the warnings .
 This monitor seems to produce an excellant picture . I am pleased with the monitor , but I have some issues . The connectors are very inconveniently placed -LRB- with the exception of the 2 usb ports and the headphone jack -RRB- . The packing straps inside the shipping box are difficult to open without cutting -LRB- they are marked do not cut -RRB- . These are one time issues and once it is unboxed and connected they wo n't bother you any more.I 'm hoping the power switch holds up , I seldom use it anyway .
 I bought this screen as a replacement for my 8ms 17 '' Hyundai L90D + -LRB- which is a great low-priced screen for gaming -RRB- , which was the replacement for a Dell fp2100 -LRB- that I gave to my wife -RRB- . Anyways , this is an excellent monitor with excellent color reproduction and response times -LRB- more than enough for my flight sims -RRB- . Movies are beautiful and the rather weird resolution has n't been a problem . The design is probably the neatest looking out there -LRB- subjective I realize -RRB- . The ONLY gripe I have w / this monitor is lack of swivel -LRB- sigh -RRB- . Other than that I 'm very pleased with everything about this screen .
 I love it . The size is easy for me to view material and it works great with the system I built .
 It 's a lot bigger than I expected , but , so far I think it will exceed my expectations . Would buy another .
 Like the monitor , display is great for the price , the built in speakers i didnt need because of surround sound . The only problem I had was getting the right drivers .
 Wow ... just got one of these at a great price , hooked it up to my Mac G4 via a DVID cable , and it boots up at native resolution -LRB- 1680 x 1050 -RRB- automatically - no muss , no fuss . Text is crisp and clean ,
 It 's nice and Wide.The panel is sharp and clear.The size is what sold me.Will only use this brand and modle .
 Good points : * The S-PVA screen is a compromise between speed -LRB- the monitor is stated to do anywhere between 8ms and 16ms depending on site one looks at . However , I saw no problems with gaming or watching a DVD . -RRB- * True 8-bit panel rendering 16.7 million colors , with no appreciable dithering . -LRB- the S-PVA technology is inherently incapable of dithering anyway ... -RRB- * I do n't need to tilt the monitor downward to get an even lighting of the display . Colors appear even through and through . * Excellent customization and menu buttons . There is even a status screen telling how long the monitor has been turned on and how long the backlight has been on -LRB- the light 's rating is about 40,000 hours -RRB- * No dead pixels upon purchase * 0.27 dot pitch , while note as nice as one competing brand , is very nice . -LRB- and the competing brand is n't entirely truthful when it claims PC compatibility ... -RRB- Bad points : * Some minor backlight bleed . Only at the 4 corners and you 'll never see it unless the screen is all black . I 've seen far worse . * While virtually ideal for graphics , text seems a tad overprocessed . Even with ClearType -LRB- tm -RRB- turned on . * Why the speakers ? They 're pointless for a computer monitor , which is what the unit is sold as . * I am aware of the power button problem -LRB- maybe incidents like this are why HP is losing popularity - hint hint , execs ... -RRB- . Naughty on HP 's part , but I 'll put the monitor in sleep mode and never have to press it or worry that it 'll break . * The stand seems a bit flimsy ; I worry that too much realignment will loosen its bearings and wo n't hold itself up . -LRB- it also makes pressing the menu buttons on the monitor somewhat annoying too ... -RRB- * If I work on an image , I do have to occasionally turn my head slightly to the side -- zooming in on the image for closeup work negates any color washing . This problem I saw on a competing model , but on that model it was far , FAR worse.As with all LCD monitors , buy an extended warranty . Dead pixels and backlighting are a hidden market and repair costs are nasty.Plusses and minuses aside , I am very happy with this monitor . And thanks to an extended warranty , if the thing goes back within a couple years , I 'll be fine . I 'd rather hope it does hang together , it is usable and far better than most of the lower priced entry level gimmicky stuff out there that ca n't deliver the visual quality .
 I have owned this for half a year now . This monitor is based on the same Samsung S-PVA panel that you can find in Eizo CE210 monitors at 3x the price . After I calibrated the monitor with the Optix XR , the screen test turned out to be exceptionally good , matching the CE210 visually -LRB- I borrowed one for comparison -RRB- . It also has individual RGB control , making calibration a breeze . I am a working photographer , I run a fully calibrated workflow and accuracy is extremely important to me . So far , I have not seen a print out of a prolab with custom profile that does not closely match what I see on this screen . Banding is minimal and the color rendition is fantastic . Based on the calibration , the screen -LRB- white point -RRB- maybe a tad on the bright side , but it is still well within the calibration limits.The build quality is good , except maybe the buttons -LRB- as other people have suggested -RRB- . That said , with the computer on automatic sleep , I have not had a need to use the buttons at all , I do n't honestly understand why others would need to manually turn their monitors on and off . Using the DVI input is a must , the VGA connection compares very poorly , and that is simply an interface fault , not the monitor 's . The only complaint I might have is the warranty , which is shorter than many other manufacturers . That said , being an EE , I do not foresee anything that can happen to it that I can not fix myself ; nor is that something that can not be rectified by buying an aftermarket MACK warranty for a little money . At this current price , I do n't know of any better deal for a high-end LCD panel even with that warranty tagged on top.I would highly recommend this ; just be gentle with the power button .
 Finally made the switch to an LCD monitor . Was waiting for a decent lcd monitor with widescreen to watch DVD 's and watch HDTV in addition to work stuff . Wanted to eliminate a TV from the study . This is a good 2 in 1 device as u can work and watch TV/movies on it . Has a DVI interface for my HD satellite box . The USB ports/speakers are a nice addition . I use a Thinkpad T41 laptop , so had to refresh my ATI Radeon driver in order to get the maximum resolution of 1680x1050 . The movies look awesome on it . If like me , u spend too much time in front of a computer monitor , this is an essential investment . Comes with a nice stand and all the cables . HP provides very decent post sales technical support through its website .
 My girlfriend got this monitor for me as a gift , and I am in love with it -LRB- and with her too -RRB- . I also disclaim all responsibility for needless digressions in this review.This monitor is bright , and has excellent build quality . The 21 inches of widescreen look magnificent . The actual H * W dimensions are a little bigger than two pieces of computer paper placed side by side vertically -LRB- 11.25 '' by 18 '' are the actual dimensions . -RRB- The USB ports are nice to have , though I consider the speakers to be worthless - I actually wish HP had n't included them . About the power button - I have read those reviews , and in response , I do not power off my monitor - it goes to `` sleep '' automatically . Yes , I realize that this may be detrimental to the environment on a small-scale , but I am afraid of that power button breaking . I can see that it could break , especially with heavy finger-tip-blows . The other buttons are a little iffy as well , but I doubt that you 'll use them much.Besides these minor complaints , once again , I am in love with this monitor . Oh , and did I mention that there is only height and tilt adjustment -LRB- no swivel or pivot -RRB- . Besides that , the bezel looks great . While you would never be able to use this monitor as part of a dual-monitor set-up , it looks spectacular alone . Indeed , the bezel makes the monitor look bigger and more substantial than other 21 '' monitors , and even 22 '' monitors . The color quality is excellent - I believe this is a true 8-bit panel , after running some banding tests . The screen is very bright , and I have no dead pixels -LRB- although there was one stuck pixel that invariably disappeared after the first night and has not reappeared -RRB- . There is some confusion about the actual response time of this monitor . I have seen it listed as 16ms , 12ms `` Optimized '' , and even 8 ms per the HP specs PDF . What the true response time is , and how the `` optimization '' works is beyond me , but I do know that I have no problems with ghosting . Playing Battlefield 2 and 2142 , I experienced no problems -LRB- besides the fact that I had to make some modifications to make Battlefield run in widescreen . Age of Empires , on the other hand , is great of this computer because you can actually see more of your people . -RRB- Movie playback works as expected , with the source quality being the limiting factor . Two windows fit comfortably side by side on the screen , so work is a lot easier to do.Lastly , the large U-shaped base is very sturdy . This is a great price for a high-quality 21 '' monitor , and although LCD prices are dropping continuously , I highly recommend this monitor .
 I am just thrilled every time I sit down in front of this monitor . My previous monitor is a Sony Trinitron 21 '' Flat Screen Hi Res CRT monitor and it pales -LRB- literally -RRB- in comparison to the HP f2105p . The color , detail , and refresh speed are outstanding . It is very bright without washing out . I love to watch the aquarium screen saver on it , it looks so real!I briefly tried other settings than its native 1680x1050 , but they just do n't do the monitor justice . So I have it set up at 1680x1050 , but I increased font sizes so my old eyes do n't have to work too hard ! I have already watched two movies on it and am delighted in the theater experience . I added a subwoofer to the built-in speakers and really enjoy the excellent sound as well . The built-in USB ports make it easy to plug in my joystick and flashdisk . I highly recommend it !
 Excellent quality ... A surpising value ... by far the best display I 've ever owned . Very easy to install and set up too . Love the adjustable stand ... Manaual adjustment controls are very easy to use and intuitive.Highly Recommend !
 This is a great headset . Sound quality is wonderful and feels nice on the ear . It does n't come with anything to connect it to the phone . It only has the quick adapter at the end . I had to buy the adapter that lets it connect to the RJ11 on the phone . Other than that it is great .
 I looked for weeks at the retail stores and could not find a headset for a corded phone . This headset with its smart-cord connector that you have to buy separately is still less expensive than buying a `` headset system '' . You connect this light , comfortable , left-right ear adjustable headset to the smart cord and plug the smart cord right in to the base of the telephone . I had to buy a separate in line coupler because I have to move in a 12 feet radius to fullfill orders , work a counter , etc. . LOVE THIS setup . I have gone through a few couplers , however ...
 I got this for a replacement headset for a previous purchase . Heavy use wore it out . This one has better sound , lighter boom - newer model . Good discount and shipping through Amazon , plus used my card . Less expensive than ordering through original source .
 If you are looking for a very high quality headset , this is the model you want . I was actually surprised .
 I had no problem with the product or the seller . Shipped on time and in good condition ! Unfortunately it was the wrong part . Might have been a misunderstanding in reading the product specs , but this will not work in a Cisco 2109 - takes HWIC instead of WIC ...
 got the product fast at good price with box . . had a problem and wyatt fixed my problem fast ! thanks for the great headphones !
 Pros : No other Bluetooth headset/stereo headphones can match the sound quality , convenience , price . Built in signal processing is great . Play/Stop/Skip / Volume control that no plug in headphones can do . Works with all my BT devices , even two at a time ! Readily available ; you do n't have to wear it in your ear all the time -LRB- the kids call these people Blue-tools -RRB- . Cons : Do n't stay in while jogging . If you 're not careful , the wiring can break inside -LRB- so do n't let the kids play with them -RRB- .
 I had my last set of Lubix NC1 for a couple of years . I wear them -LRB- it ? -RRB- to listen to audio books while I work around the house . My first set finally shorted out and I immediately looked to see if they were still for sale . I did n't know if they were going to work with the iPhone 4S but at this price I thought it was worth the risk . After two or three tries I got them paired with the 4S . The sound -LRB- when I play music as well as when I listen to books -RRB- is amazing . And the ear buds fit my ears fine .
 I added Jabra ear gels available on Amazon to fix the problem of the Lubix headset falling out . They do n't fit perfectly over the Lubix ear pieces but are snug enough to work . They also direct the sound deeper into the ear canal and block the ear opening . They are still not stable enough to jog without them falling out but are a 90 % improvement.OEM Jabra Eargels for Aliph Jawbone Icon THE HERO ROGUE ACE CATCH BOMBSHELL
 Over the years , I have purchased 4 different excellent stereo Bluetooth headsets through Amazon.This very small product provides UNBEATABLE storage flexibility . If you choose not to use the fabulous & innovative pendant-style design feature , it is small enough to fit nearly anywhere . Since I 'm often away from an electric outlet or computer for far longer than 6 hours , I 'm have purchased 2 more to insure that I always have a charged headset available . Because , each charge actually holds for 6 hours , this has worked very well for me . I may buy a 4th to make my transcontinental travel days even easier.The only reason I did n't provide a 5 star rating is that I would prefer either a smaller earpiece or one the securely fits in my ear canal.UPDATE = As a temporary solution , until I locate smaller earpieces , I use Scotch clear tape to hold them on . Each strip of tape can be used 3 or 4 times .
 The voice tube technology produces a sound that was so clear , I had a bit of a time adjusting to it at first . That was until I realized this is how a telephone conversation should sound .
 This product has worked great , however it was misleading as to the need for an adapter . It appeared to be compatible to our phones , however needed the adapter to plug in which was an additional purchase .
 I am using this headset with the GN8050 PC/phone amplifier -LRB- you can read my review of that item on its product page -RRB- . I needed to get a headset in the 2100 line for compatibility with the amplifier and I chose the 2115 as my preferred headset . Which model you choose is a matter of personal preference . I like two earpieces -LRB- binaural design -RRB- and I went with the Sound Tube version over the noise-cancelling boom mike . Noise cancelling can be quite useful in noisy environments such as cubicles , but my office is quiet and I prefer to keep additional sound filtering circuitry out of the loop.The microphone swivels all the way from front to back , so you can wear it on whichever side of your head is best for you . The phones are mono rather than stereo , so it does n't matter which ear gets which earpiece . By the way , this makes the headset impractical for use with games where you need spatial audio cues , but is fine for voice communications on phone calls or webinars . * Sound quality has been very clean and clear in the first few days of use . I will want a lot more practical field-testing with different people before I 'm ready to commit , but so far I have not noticed any fuzz , popping , or muffling on receive or transmit . * The headset is lightweight and comfortable . The spring-loaded headband is not too tight on my oversized noggin and does not press against the earpieces of my eyeglasses . However , I am not happy with the feel of the earpiece cushions . They are a padded `` leatherette '' material -LRB- huh ? -RRB- that slides easily on the ear . The cushion rings feel small , sitting against the outer ear surface rather than encircling it . The slightest motion -LRB- even yawning -RRB- can shift the position of the earpieces and move them away from your sweet spot in listening position . Once the earpieces move , the mike moves , so you lose your perfect mouth position as well . * The sound tube for the microphone is inflexible and can not be positioned as variably as I would like . You ca n't change the overall length and you ca n't bend the tube . You can lever it out away from your face -LRB- useful to take a sip of coffee -RRB- , but you ca n't lever it closer than a certain distance because of a hard stop on the earpiece connector . * There is no lapel clip provided for the headset cable . I view that as a necessity to keep the wire from rubbing on your shirt or getting looped on something it should n't . I pulled a clip off my old Plantronics headset and used that.In summary , the sound quality is quite satisfactory and weight is good , but the design has a few limitations that are frustrating if you have used more comfortable headsets -LRB- I 'm a fan of the Plantronics and wish I could connect it to the GN amp ! -RRB- .
 This headset is a must if you can not stand to have sound in just one ear.I 'm easily distracted if I only use a single ear headset , so I love this bin aural headset . It works great . The only reason I needed to replace mine was because my cats chewed through the cord of my old one.Definitely buy this headset if you want a good quality headset .
 I have been looking for several months for a pair of earphones that fit and stay in my ears . These were the first pair that I found that had an excellent fit without hurting my ears or falling out . At first look they would appear to bother your ears as the size looks big . I am happy to say that this is not the case with these earphones . They offer a nice fit without going into the ear canal . The sound quality is excellent when compared to other earphones in this price range . I ended up buying a second pair since they were just $ 13 each pair . You ca n't go wrong with this pair of earphones and your ears will thank you .
 These headphones are excellent for the offered price . They stay in your ears and sound great . very good investment .
 Overall the earphones met my expectation . They are quite steady and do n't fall off from my ears while I run .
 These headphones are great for running . Their twist-to-fit system looks funky but works well . I never have problems with them falling out of my ears while running . It comes with several different sizes of the rubber discs and guards around the ear bud , so most likely you can find something that 'll fit your ear.Just a few negatives : I lost the green rubber guard around the ear bud when it came off when I took the ear phones off . Since they 're interchangable guards , I guess it kinda comes off easily.The cord length is not adjustable , unlike the stadard headphones that come with iPods . The left cord is made longer than the right , which is ok . But the difference in cord length is too much for me . I do n't think the left cord needs to be so damn long .
 I bought the MX55s to wear while jogging , and they work great at that . The kit comes with several sizes of covers for the headphones so you can get the right size for your ear . The twist-to-fit system gives a secure fit that does not budge while I am running . The sound is also good for the price , but not as good as the Sennheiser CX-400 . However the CX-400 is much more expensive and did not stay in my ear well while exercising .
 I was looking for a cheap set of earphones to use when I work out . All the other earphones I have had fell out and drove me nuts . So I bought these to see if I would get lucky , I did . They sound great and stay in my ears comfortably . The small case they come with is useless as you cant get them to go back in without struggling . Otherwise , these are great .
 Love these.I am wearing glasses and am also very picky with head sets as I sweat a lot working out.These are great . very comfortable and come with several different attachments for perfet fit . Did not fall out once with doing either weights or cardio . great sound quality.color is a little bright but that 's the only thing.would buy them in white as well if they were available .
 I bought these for myself for Christmas last year and have used them for many hours in the gym and several thousand miles on a bicycle . They 're the best pair of sport headphones I 've ever owned . They stay in the ear and sounding good in all kinds of conditions and temps . I 've only lost one of the small rubber pieces -LRB- comes with extra everything -RRB- and I was n't even wearing them at the time . . Great for the price .
 Once I realized there was an R and L to these , they fit perfectly and worked great for my half-marathon a few weeks ago . I never adjusted them once and they did not hurt my ears . Sound is decent .
 I 'm a sound technician who already trusts Sennheiser whole-heartedly . I never expect much when I get earbuds to wear when I work out or bike ride , but when I got these I was fist surprised at the sheer strength of the drivers themselves . The magnets are so strong they will actually pick the other bud up and hold it 's weight ! My fellow sound guys warned me not to blow my ears out when I showed them this . The different little nodes and rings make for a perfect fit .
 I am very happy with these ear buds . I read a lot of the reviews , and had some concerns about the negative comments , not fitting well , cord tangling , etc. . However , I have had no issues . The cord is much better then my previous earbuds , which got tangled much more . It took a little effort to get the fit just right , but now that they do , I have no worry that they will fall out . And , I love the green cord . I would highly reccomend them . My main use for my ipod is the gym , and these earbuds are perfect for this application .
 I have owned these ` phones for over a year and have drenched them in sweat 5-6 days a week ever since . I consider myself an audiophile , as well as bass freak and have been impressed with the product.Specifically : * Plenty of options for a custom fit . I took off the rubber surround on the actual transducer and replaced it with a foam pad . * These ` phones require proper placement for maximum bass response , but stay put once you get them fit properly -LRB- I 've run up to 18 miles wearing these -RRB- and reward you with excellent bass . * They are not hard to drive . I do n't know the exact impedance of these ` phones , but have driven them with practically every model of iPod since the original Shuffle -LRB- a great combination -RRB- and have always been pleased . * With proper fit , they also do a nice job of keeping outside noise , well , outside . I can be working on a machine in the gym outside of a thumping aerobics class and still enjoy my music with minimal -LRB- or no -RRB- outside noise . Works pretty well on a plane as well . I 've not tried noise cancelling ` phones , but these are a bargain in comparison.Two nits : * The color - works fine in a gym , but the green color looks a little silly when I 'm flying . There was at one time what appeared to be a version of these ` phones in black -LRB- different model number -RRB- . It is NOT the same product . I ordered it and found it to be cheaply built and did not sound anywhere near as good these ` phones . * The coating on the wire has cracked in a couple of places . There has been no affect on sound whatsoever , and considering the abuse I have put these through is somewhat understandable -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . Still deserves 5 stars despite this issue - that 's how good they are.Came back here to look at ordering another pair and decided to add my two cents as a reviewer.cheers
 The twist to fit system is a really good one . I spend a lot of time at the gym doing cardio and I never have it come loose or fall out of my ear . The sound quality is also exceptional for such inexpensive headphones . My major complaint is that the left earphone is on a shorter cord than the right earphone . In essence making it only useful to have my MP3 player on my left shoulder . I prefer it being on the opposite arm . I end up either having to do that or switch them to opposite ears . I am not an audiophile by a shot , but I am sure there is a good reason why they are labeled L and R in the first place . I like that there are a number of pads so you can choose which one you are most comfortable with as well . Some people dont like the color and , while I cant blame them because it is vibrant and loud , I really dont care overmuch . Overall , I would say these have more plusses than minuses .
 The MX75 's are the best headphone I have ever used for working out . They stay in your ear with the interesting twist to fit feature . They blow away the headphones that come with the ipod nano . The sound quality is great and I do not have the problem of sweat in my ears interfering with the headphones . I would have given the phones a 5 star rating except for 2 minor complaints . The neon green is a bit much . I am not a fan of different lengths of wire going to each headphone . It may sound like a good design idea , but it bugs me . With that said , for about 35 bucks , these headphones are a bargain !
 These headphones sound pretty good for their small size . I 've also had no trouble getting them to fit in my ears after trying the various earpieces the come with . My only problem with them is that the cord is very long . I usually use the headphones while I 'm working out . I have to wrap the cord around my ipod several times so it does n't get in the way . It 's also a little weird that the cord is longer on one side than the other .
 I have been using these headphones during running for 2 months now and they are functioning very well . Many others had already begun to fail in one or both ears by now . The fit is good except one of the pads came off and was lost soon after getting the headphones and I had to switch to a different size pad since without the pad it pokes the ear and hurts . Also , one of the rings around the speaker came off and was lost so I had to switch to the foam covers . All-in-all I would have to say that I am happy with this product , I just wish that it came with replacement peices for the parts that come off and can be lost . It only has a single pair of each size.The best part is that they DO NOT fall out of the ear no matter how hard you try .
 I 've spent countless hours researching to find the perfect pair of running headphones . I spent alot of money over the past several years trying to find headphones that do two things , and two things only :1 . Stay on my head2 . Sound decentI 've tried every style out there , from earbuds to over the ear hooks , to behind the head styles . I 've tried several different brands of each , every time unable to find a pair that stays on my head . The best so far was a phillips brand over the ear earbud type . They stayed on my ears , but once I would get to 3 or 4 miles on the road , my ears would be sweating so bad they would just pop out . I was constatnly having to fidget with them so I could hear the music.I just got this pair last week , and reluctantly took them on my Satruday morning 10 miler . One hour and 22 minutes later , THEY STAYED ON MY HEAD !!!! I was amazed that at the end of my workout , I did n't have to mess with my headphones one single time . The sound quality was also great , much better than the phillips I had been using . Not too much treble , just the right amount of base and clear , crips sound.If you are a runner , these headphones are perfect for you . I can now clean out my drawer of 20 pairs of headphones .
 I recently bought the black Sennheiser MX55 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Headphones for $ 12.99 -LRB- $ 18.57 with standard shipping -RRB- from Amazon . I had been debating on buying the bright green Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones for $ 27.48 and the Sennheiser MX55VC Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Headphones w / Volume Control for $ 27.59 but decided on purchasing the MX55 's due to price and it 's great reviews.I 'm glad I bought the MX55 's because they work perfectly and are a reasonable price for an object that I abuse routinely . I use these headphones in conjunction with my Ipod Nano for about 1 hour and 15 minutes to 2 hours during my daily runs . They came with ear bud customizers but I just stick the basic buds in my ear and they do n't fall out no matter how hard I whip my head about to check on the traffic around me . Even as sweat falls and pools around all sides of the bud , they do n't slip out of my ear and it does n't seem to impair the sound . The sound quality is fine , especially as I do n't keep the volume high so that I can hear emergency vehicles , dogs and neighbor 's saying ` hi . ' The cord is of average length - long - so I wrap it a few times around my armband , which does n't look like it hurts the headphones or negatively affects the sound quality.After my run , my ears are slightly sore where the buds have been , but that is to be expected since I use them an hour or more . I am very happy with these headphones . Their price is great and I also received a $ 5 rebate from Sennheiser , bringing the final cost of the headphones to $ 13.57 total . This rebate is good for most all of the Sennheiser headphones : http://g-ecx.images-amazon.com/images/G/01/00/00/02/12/06/98/212069890._V251774109_.pdf .
 I got this from amazon for 12.99 and shipping . Which is pretty much the price of those JVC marshmallow headphones in Wal-Mart , very nice even for a low level Sennheiser . Now I 've never used a `` twist to fit '' earphone before and I tried a lot of different arrangements with add-ons before deciding that the factory default works the best . I 've never really had problems with headphones falling out of ear before so I did n't notice how this new fit is any better at holding the buds in . And if you have the wrong configuration , this earphone can be painful to wear . As of now , with the default setting , I can comfortably wear this for 4-5 hours straight without noticing anything . Now I 've noticed that with a looser and more comfortable fit like I 'm using now , the bass is n't very strong . But as far as sound goes , this is pretty amazing for ear buds , everything is really clear . Also , the cords can be a pain as it refuse to become straight and stay in the spring shape it came in.ProsGreat sound qualityConsUncomfortable if not wore rightCords curls upPoor isolationPersonally , I still think the good outweight the bad , the sound quality is THAT MUCH better than the rest of the headphone under $ 50 that I 've tried -LRB- there ai n't no way I 'm paying for a Bose in ear headphone -RRB- Also , when I got my MX55 without volume control from Amazon , the 2 headphone cords are of the same length .
 Ca n't say much more about these headphones . If you need a pair for the gym that WONT get ruined by a little sweat . . -LRB- Sony -RRB- then these are it . Fits all ear types with the additional rubber pieces . Buy these . Very loud , relatively inexpensive ... and they do the job correctly . I ca n't even manage to get the ear buds DAMP , let alone wet ... and i sweat a lot when i workout .
 If you are reading this , you are probably like I was ... fed up with headphones that fall out of your ear when you were running . I had tried numerous different headphones with no luck . I recently purchased the Sennheiser MX75 Twist-to-fit heaphones . They absoultely stay in and I am so happy . The way the headphones work is that the wierd knob you see above the earphone fits inside/pushes against your outside ear lobe , thus putting continous pressure against the ear phone piece that is inside your ear . How simple but genius ! The phones come with different pieces to allow the phones to better fit your ear . You will have to use trial and error . Overall , the sound quality is alright ... nothing amazing ... but what can you expect from any headphone . It is pretty hard to produce incredible sound with a tiny speaker ... especially bass . All I was looking for was a pair of headphones that would stay in my ear during the entire run -LRB- and would n't require periodic `` messing around '' with them as I was running -RRB- . Mission accomplished ! The ONLY complaint I have is that the cord really is twisted due to how it was packaged , which is annoying ... hopefully that will go away over time .
 I ordered this Sennheiser after ordering a more expensive pair of Sennheiser earbuds for my husband for Christmas . When I first opened them , I was wondering if I would be able to get them to stay in my ear , but I have had no trouble at all . It takes a couple of times , putting them in and taking them out but you get the hang of it.The case is cute , but it 's a little bit of a hassle getting the headphones back in there.But the most important thing is of course , the sound . Clear , precise , great bass.I really like them and would recommend them to anyone who is looking for an earbud alternative that fits securely and has a great sound .
 I have to admit when I saw the lime green color , I hesitated a little , but I needed something that I could run with where the ear pod did n't fall out of my ear . So far , these earphones have n't fallen out . They twist in very securely and do n't come out . Some people have to change the inserts that come with the product , but I did n't have to do that . One thing that bothers me is the fact that one wire is longer than the other . I guess this was designed so that the line could run down the side of the body , not the front . When I run with these earphones , sweat has no effect on sound quality . The bass is n't great , but overall the sound quality is excellent . These really help me run those extra long runs .
 Far better than stock . If you are looking for headphones that dont fall out of your ears while running these work great .
 I was looking for headphones that would stay in my ear while I run . I have worn these headphones on 45-50 minute runs without them falling out and the sound was just fine . Sweat has not degraded the sound and I use them 5-6 days/week . These head phones are good for exercising but not what you would want for casual listening . I would not want these to be the only means of listening as I find that they became painful after an hour of wear .
 My biggest gripe was the padded piece that locks into your ear fell off . I just had the sinking feeling , I 'll be walking/running around in a few weeks with earphone that wo n't stay in or hurt my ears cause the padding is gone . I would buy the back of the head wrap around or over the ears if I had to buy another pair . The case is n't to practical either . It has a magnetic closure on top and would make a good coin purse for a kid if it closed completly , but it does n't . I find my self wraping it around my mp3 player and placing it in my pocket where I run into loosing the padding.Now that I spit out my vinegar . The sound is awesome very crisp and clean and that is why I gave it a high score . I think if you are organized and can keep them from getting tangled by putting them away properly anyone will enjoy these earphone.However if you wad them up put in your pocket . You may want to consider a more durable design . I would challenge the manufactuer to come up with a design for a case that is more practical and keeps the cords from getting tangled . But I guess thats everybodies problem till the industry goes cordless .
 Good comfortable fit . No pain from pressure on the ear . Stay in place . No ear surround to interfer with sunglasses or helmet straps . No ear buds to fall out with activity.Other headphones in this price range may have slightly better sound but for sports -LRB- especially bicycling -RRB- none offer the low profile , secure design that these provide .
 These are great earphones for anyone in the sporting realm . However i do have large ears making it easy to `` clip '' them into my ears , having small ears may make it difficult to become comfortable with these type of earphones . I love the sound quality , great depth and great bass . I always use these when I 'm out running , at the gym or cycling .
 I run alot and have had the awful pleasure of earphones dropping out for years . I 've tried big slap em over your ears phones , but damn if they dont get hot . So I got these MX75 's and worn them for nearly 8 months . They are bombproof -LRB- unlike every sony that 's disintegrated on me -RRB- work amazingly well at staying in my ears ... just learn to fit them and take your time . I agree with others on the less and not lack of bass , so they dont get a five . But they surpass anything I 've ever used before . I love them ... seriously
 These are neither the best , nor the worst ear buds I 've owned , but for the price , they are excellent . The twist to fit system does seem to work nicely , providing a reasonably comfortable fit , and the correct in-ear positioning to provide good acoustical reproduction . The Sennheiser MX55V headphones come with a weird carrying case that I can not figure out how to use , and a bunch of tiny accessories , but no instructions on how to use them . The lack of instructions is annoying , but has not hindered my enjoyment of the headphones . I find the volume control to be almost useless providing a very limited range -- basically from silent to quiet , and it 's hard to adjust precisely within that range . That 's basically the reason I gave the Mx55Vs only four out of five stars . Otherwise , as I stated previously , I think they are a fine pair of headphones for the money .
 I blew the headphones that came with my Ipod . So it took me a while to find a nicely priced pair that worked great . These headphones work great they have great bass and they con go nice and loud if you like rock music . The volume control is nice because then you can put that all the way down so you don ' e have them too loud . The pouch that came with them was nice because I use for the Ipod cable splitter and the old headphones in case anyone one the bus will want to listen.The only thing I do n't like about them is that if you have small ears the headphones will push them out and your ears will get very sore . Other than that these headphones are great.I highly recommend them .
 They really have a unique design that not only keeps them in your ears but positioned for best sound . I have a few others but they do n't offer the bass response after they slip around . The volume control is a small slider the perfect distance from the earphones so you do n't have to fumble around with adjusting volume at your MP3 player . There are a lot of extra fitting adapters , actually more than I could even figure out but I 'm happy with the way they came . They even have replacement `` name strips '' if you want to change colors . They are the best I 've found thus far anywhere near this price .
 Updated
 I just took these out for a run and they are very good . They stayed in my ears thoughout my run and did not budge at all . Unlike other headphones , the cord was not cumbersome . I hardly noticed it , as it did not get tangled or get in my way . The sound quality is good . They should probably include some explicit instructions . I was a bit baffled at first when I found bags filled with little green plastic things . After a few minutes scratching my head , I figured out they were different sized plugs for the earpiece , which help to ensure a more customized fit .
 These headphones are great for use at the gym or just jogging around the block . I love the twist to fit mechanism . It keeps the headphones in place while I 'm jogging . The color of the cord kinda grows on you.The cords on the headphones are not equal lengths , but you get used to it.Overall , the best work out headphones I 've owned .
 In general , I think these are high-quality headphones and they sound great . I have small ear canals , and I have a tough time getting a perfect seal to enjoy all the bass , but I have never owned a pair of earbuds that did n't ccause pain and fall out of my ears before these . They are rugged and I 'd buy them again .
 I had my first run w / them , this AM , and I 'm happy to report the same as the other reviewer - they work as advertised . I was also pleasantly surprised w / the sound quality . At this price point , I did n't expect much and figured I was mostly paying for the one-of-a-kind design . I 've always preferred earbuds over headphones for fitness activities , but have always resorted back to headphones - they were just more sensible . Now I can have sensibility and my preference .
 I have n't purchased these yet . However the reason the cable one side is longer than the other is because it is meant to go around the back of your neck not the front . This way you have a tidy cable down one side rather than wires flapping in front of you .
 I live in windy south Texas and jog about 11 miles per week . I was using a pair of Sony in ear buds that I purchased for their noise canceling properties . The Sony 's worked great and sound amazing . The problem I had was that they were always falling out of my ears once I started to sweat . After searching Hi and lo I ran across the MX55 's . All I have to say is AMAZING ! Just today I went for a jog and it was windy as hell ! NOT ONCE did these things budge !!! They do n't sound as great as my Sony 's , but if you want a pair of buds that stay put and do what they claim , these are the way to go !!
 All ears are different , but these work great for me . Much better than the stock Apple ear buds . The different inserts that come with these help balance the fit so it is snug , but not uncomfortable . I ran a half marathon last weekend with these and barely had to adjust them at all . As far as sound goes , I have Sennheiser PX100s for work and these compare well with a few understandable compromises . That 's saying a lot !
 This product lives up to its reputation . I guess my ears are just not like everyones . The product has enough flexibility to fit my funny shapes . It took a little time playing with the different fittings but I can exercise , run , etc without much adjusting required . I recommend you give them a try .
 So after burning through those worthless apple headphones that came with my ipod I began my search ... Started with a cheap pair of clip-on type of headphones that my wife had lying around , but they looked ridiculous -LRB- made my ears look huge -RRB- and were uncomfortable . I finally decided to stop looking like an idiot and by a decent pair of headphones to use in the gym.First I bought the Sony headphones that wrap around your head and are supposed to stick in your ear - these did not stay in for more that 5 seconds and provided me with the worst gym experience ever.I finally got the Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones and after some hesitation I was very pleased . Needless to say , I was very confused as to how to fit these things in my ear when I got them and once I did it was a little uncomfortable , but ultimately these are the best most secure and easiest to use headphones I have had to date.While slightly awkward , you get used to the fit after 5 seconds and you are set without having to adjust the headphones the rest of the time.I do n't use these outside the gym , and probably would n't recommend them unless you were using them just for the gym as well .
 This is a great product ! I love the custom fit . They stay secure in your ears no mater how much you move . Also , the water resistant construction means that they do n't rust and fail , even if you sweat a lot . My only complaint is that the insulation on the wires split - but this was after 2 + years of using and rewinding the cables 3-4 times a week .
 I love these ear buds . I can never keep ear buds in my ears and these stay in perfectly no matter what I am doing . Excellent for sports or any activity . The sound quality is great . And I love the little clip for the cord
 I had the worst trouble getting any type of earphone to stay in place ... especially when working out . This is the only product I 've found that works as it is supposed to yet still providing good sound quality . I 'd definitely recommend it .
 The sennheiser MX-75 sport neon green twist in ear to lock , are of excellent quality , but i expected that since used sennheisers as a dj . the sound reproduction is amazing , best for FPS gaming when cranked you 'll swear the guns going off by your head and you hear hear thing better directionaly including whispers!With music playback they seems to be a slight lack of mid range as compared to my high quality Labtec three speaker system , but hey , they are over the top for tiny little speakers !
 There is something about the way God has made my ears , no ear phones can stay inside my ears for more than fraction of a second ... I 'm not joking . I would put an ear phone in the ear and stand perfectly still and the phones would just slide out and fall . So I have always had to wear `` over the ear '' type phones to prevent from falling and they still slide away from the ear canal and I had to constantly adjust them . I bought the Sennheisers after carefull reading the reviews and I could n't be happier . They fit snugly in the ear and never fall out unless the cable is accidentally pulled . They are an absolute treat to workout in , I do bicycle warm ups , bench presses , squats , dips , pull ups and pretty much all compound exercises and they NEVER fall out of the ear . I am very pleased with them and would definitely purchase the same in future . I also like the volume slider on the cable , I can control the volume without having to reach for the iPod everytime a loud song starts playing .
 This is my second try with Sennheiser -- was n't able to keep buds in my earswith the first pair . These , however , are great . The sound is very good , love the volume control and the ` twist-to-fit ' actually works . I only wish that they could come up with a way to shorten the cord which is very long and a real pain when wearing the MP3 on your arm . That being said , I 'm happy with this purchase for everyday outdoor activities .
 I had these headphones about a month or two ago -LRB- until some crazy lady completely tore them apart -RRB- they are of really great quality and the stay comfortably in your ear even while running
 I 've been using these ear phones for a couple months now primarily for running and I love them . I 'm buying a second pair for backup today . If you have trouble getting ear phones to stay in your ear because you have smaller ears , these are for you . All the other ear phones I 've tried , including the ones that come with the ipod , are too big and uncomfortable for my ears . As a result I end up constantly adjusting and trying to shove them into my ears to get them to stay . Its painful and ineffective . I 've tried many different styles , these are the first ones that I can put on and forget about , no more constant re-adjusting .
 This is the best set I have ever owned and the ONLY set of in ear style headphone that do n't fall out . I sweat ALOT and run ALOT and neither the moisture or the bouncing cause these things to fall out.I am going on 2 years with my first pair and they are still going strong . They must really safeguard these things against moisture.At the current price , you just ca n't beat these things . A must for the athlete who ca n't keep their headphones form slipping .
 These headphones look funny , with that extra protrusion sticking from the top of them . But in my ears , the extra protrusion slips underneath a fold of cartilage that comfortably and securely holds the earphone in place , no matter how I position or shake my head . The sound of the earphones is wonderful -- much better than the stock iPod earphones . I use them with my iPod touch with the bass boost turned on , and I am blown away by the great sound . They sound fine without the bass boost , but the added bass gives them a full , natural sound.I have a friend who has small ears , and these do not fit properly in her ears . But if you have average-sized ears , I think they will probably work fine for you . In my ears , I do not do any twisting to make them fit . The extra protrusion just fits very nicely in my ear when they are in a vertical position . The earphones come with different sizes of soft rubber pieces that allow you to customize the fit for your ear , to a degree . The carrying case is very nice and has a cool magnetic closure that feels deluxe.The plug has a 90 bend in it . I am paranoid about damaging my electronic gear , particularly plugs and knobs and switches . I suspect that the design of this plug makes it easier to damage the iPod earphone jack if you yank on the cable . So , if I am listening to the iPod when it is in my pocket , I am tempted to use the standard Apple earphone , which has a plug that sticks straight out and not very far . But I really prefer the sound of the Sennheiser earphones , and with reasonable care , I doubt that damage to the earphone jack is likely .
 Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport HeadphonesThe MX75 headphones are of a different breed when compared to other work-out headphones . One of the first things you notice is that there is a funky little nub above the actual ear piece . I really did n't know what the heck this was used for until i saw a video demo on youtube somewhere . anyways , here are my thoughts on this product.Design : - i do n't like to be too flashy when i goto the gym and these headphones are completely the opposite . the neon green does stand out a little but once i put it on the wires hide behind my neck and go under my shirt so i really dont mind in the end . the actual ear pieces look kind of big once they are in your ear but it grew on me and now i do n't really mind at all . overall it is a very nice design.Function : - The reason i bought these basically was because i went through at least 4 different work-out headphones and they all did n't do a good job . if they didnt now provide different sizes for the little nub on top then i would be mad but i use the biggest circle and it has a nice snug fit in my ear . - I ran about 5 miles with the earphones and they did not budge at all ! my hand naturally went up to adjust the earphone but i kept realizing that they have n't moved since the start of my run.Sound : - the sound is good enough , it has n't bothered me so i guess it sounds fine.PROS : - sticks in my ear - nice design and colorsCONS : - sound is good enough - maybe hurt ears that are sensitive
 This is a fabulous earphone great sound quality , and due to it 's unique design it does n't fall out of your ear while running or working out . The cost is very reasonable . I assume that you can get a better sounding earphone , but you would have to pay a lot more for it .
 These are everything they are advertised to be . Stay in place during sporting activity & sound great . No complaints .
 These headphones were the only ones that I could find that had great sound , stayed in my ear and did not get in my way during my workouts . The price was great for the quality as well .
 Bought these as a present . My son is 33 and runs for exercise . Said he needed something that would stay in his ears . These certainly do the job and he loves them . What more could I say ?
 these are a great set of sport headphones for the gym or during any vigorous activity . the sound quality is great and they do not knot ! Love the little carrying case .
 If you have been looking for earbuds that do not slide around once your ears become sweaty during your workout , these are the ones . They are not the most comfortable , but they are not uncomfortable either . Great for workouts . The sound quality could be a little better . Whether or not this product is for you depends on what means most , moisture resistant , sound quality , or comfort . The fact that they are not perfect in two of the three is worth it to me , I have been looking for some that do not slide out of my ears , or become sweat logged once I 'M really moving .
 I purchased the product as a gift for a family member . She has stated they are the best she has ever owned .
 These are terrific for at the gym because they actually stay in your ear while working out .
 After reading a lot of helpful reviews on this product I made the decision quickly to try the Sennheiser Sport headphones . I have been really pleased . The fit is exceptional -LRB- there are multiple sizes for the `` fit '' part for different sized ears -RRB- and I love the bright green color . It 's attention drawing and stands out , love it . Some people remarked that you ca n't wear them for long periods of time or your ears hurt , i found that this is the case only occasionally . They are durable , come with a sleek opaque white soft case and work great .
 Bought these for cycling . They work well . Sound is good enough to overcome wind noise . Fit is fairly good . They are quite large . The twist-to-fit system is excellent except that it tends to leave a depression in you ear wherever there is pressure . This turns into some redness and soreness for a few minutes after wearing.Wouldn ' t use these as everyday walk-around/sit-around headphones , but they 're perfect for exercising/running/cycling .
 the twist to fit system is brilliant and easy to use . for the first time ever ear buds actually stay in my ears when i run . the sound is great too - these headphones bring out the best in my ipod .
 These headphones have great sound for the price and are very comfortable provided that you take the time to properly fit them to your ear . Great for running a working out or any other high intensity events .
 I can cut the grass , spread mulch , go running , or do just about anything and my MX75 headphones do n't move . The sound is outstanding , I can still hear what 's going on around me and the comfort is very good . Worth every dollar . With my iriver CLIX , running is more fun than ever .
 I have tried a few different kinds of earbuds for when I go running , and so far these are the best . The design is effective at holding them in place even when I work up a good sweat , and I like that they 're sweatproof and waterproof . That means these wo n't die when I wear them after swimming laps in the pool.The sound is good for around $ 40 . Some people might find the bass lacking , but I think that 's because of the waterproof enclosure . The Sennheiser MX 55 V Street model seems to have better bass response and has the advantage of not being neon green , so you have to decide if the waterproof feature is worth it for you before you buy.The `` twist to fit '' system does require a little getting used to , but that 's a small price to pay for a set of inexpensive earbuds that stay in your ears , can handle any weather and provide good sound.I would give them 4.5 stars if I could , but I 'm giving them four stars because I feel that 5 star ratings should be reserved for products that blow you away . These wo n't blow you away , but they are easily as good as advertised . I highly recommend them . ** UPDATE ** January 15 , 2010 ** I 've had these headphones for a couple of years now and have used them pretty regularly at the gym and out running on the road . I 'd still give them 4 stars , and I 'll add that I think some people who 've had problems with the cord fraying might be getting it stick in a zipper or letting their pets chew on their things.I 've experienced ZERO durability problems with the parts of the headphones that do not detach . The main problem I 've had is that I lost the small rubber pieces that attach to the `` twist to fit '' part . Without those little rubber pieces , these do n't sound as good ... but they are still comfortable to wear for a two hour workout and still stay in place when I run.I am excited to use my birthday money to buy the new Sennheiser CX 680 which were developed in conjunction with Adidas . I saw them at CES this year , and I 'm excited to see that Sennheiser has added noise canceling to the sport concept and has also gone to a fin that holds them in place instead of the twist-to-fit mechanism . They 're a bit pricey at $ 120 MSRP on the Sennheiser website , but J&R ; has a pre-order price of -LSB- . . -RSB- that is low enough for me to justify with the added features . You can find them here -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- and checking out using Amazon is easy and reliable .
 My search for the perfect ear buds to run with has come to an end . I had problems with ear buds falling out or just too dang painful . I love these ! You have to experiment with the add-on attachments to get the right size and feel . The sound is great also . Some people complain about the un-even cord lengths but it makes sense if you put the right one behind your head . If you run the cords under your shirt it is even better . A must buy for runners !
 I bought these headphones to utilize when I 'm running . All others that I 've tried would either fall out or fit so loose as to be bothersome . Well , the advertisement stated that they would stay in place , and that they do . I 'm totally satisfied as they will stay in placed no matter how hard I run or how jarring the terrain . Good job , Sennheiser .
 Finally , a pair of headphones that stay in my ears while I excercise . I just did my first run in these . They did n't budge . The chord does tend to coil a bit and they could be a bit more comfortable , but they stay in my ears while I run and they sound quite good . The chord is also long enough that I can clip my player to my shorts and have the chord reach . The clip on the chord keeps the chord from bouncing and pulling on the headphones . Recommended .
 I 've used various other ear buds in the past -LRB- Apple , Shure -RRB- . Although they were fine for normal use , once they got a little wet -LRB- i.e. , from exercise activity -RRB- , I would have trouble either -LRB- a. -RRB- keeping them in my ear , or -LRB- b. -RRB- the buds letting moisture get into my ear and ruining the sound xmission . Very annoying , to say the least and not what you want to happen when you 're trying to concentrate on your run or whatever you 're doing exercise-wise . The Sennheiser MX75s do not come loose due to the `` screw-in '' design , nor do they let moisture get in . The sound is fine . I recommend these for exercising when these conditions occur -LRB- spring/summer/fall -RRB- . P.S. And I do n't mind the neon green color at all ... in fact , it helps others see me better when I 'm running outside !
 Great price.Great audio quality.Outstanding design , secure fit and lightweight.I love the green color.Excellent accessories included.Sennheiser delivers again , I personally own another set from this maker , the HD515 's , they put everything from their high end units into this small package , waterproof and extremely rugged.Great for rougher than normal listening experiences .
 If you are a runner who likes to run with an iPOD or other MP3 player , these headphones are great . I tried normal ear pods and this type of heaphone was always falling out of my ears during my workouts . Over-the-head models were uncomfortable . The Sennheiser MX75 Sport heaphones have a unique locking system which keeps them in my ears even during long marathon training runs ... plus they sound great . I recommend these to all fellow runners .
 I 've never been able to wear earbuds . They just do n't stay in my ears . These fit perfectly ! Volume control comes in handy too . The behind the head cord keeps cord out of my way . Sounds pretty nice . Very happy with . These are my favorite .
 I love these sport headphones ; once they are in , they do n't move ; very secure and the sound clarity is very good ; the color is great too !! Great features and easy to fit . I 'm very happy with this product .
 I purchased these headphones specifically to use while working out . They did take a little getting used to at first , to get the right fit , but now they only take a few seconds to put in . I 'm very happy with the sound quality and the way they stay in my ears even during rigorous activity . I really like the fact that they do n't fall out of even move when I 'm wiping my face with a towel . They do tend to hurt my ears after wearing them for over an hour , so I would n't recommend wearing them for very long periods of time . I do think these headphones will fit everyone differently , as people 's ear shapes can vary . I have all of the smallest attachments on and they are still a little bit too big for me.To address a few complaints that I have seen in other reviews :1 -RRB- The lengthy and ` twisty ' cord - I use them with my iPod shuffle and find it very easy to leave the cord wrapped up -LRB- similar to the picture -RRB- and clip it into the iPod 's clip .2 -RRB- The different lengths of the left and right headphone cord - This is by design . The right cord should be wrapped around over the left shoulder and behind the neck . This is so you only have one cord hanging in front of you.I 've been using these headphones everyday for a month now and overall I am very happy with them .
 I 've had these for a few weeks and love them . Saved about 50 % off retail store prices too . They stay put even during rigorous exercise and the sound is very good .
 First , I say ditto to all the favorable reviews . I might add that I have small ears and until I bought these , have never been able to get earphones to stay in . The buds are always too big and pop out . Infuriating when you 're trying to work out . These green guys are the best . -LRB- And those who object to the color , get over it for the comfort ! -RRB- I might add -LRB- although I would n't suggest trying it -RRB- that mine went through the washing machine AND dryer and still worked !
 I have had these earphones for over a month now and I have enjoyed the sound over my previous pair . But today came the test when I went for a run in a 20 mph headwind . Other runners earphones were blowing out of their ears , really . Mine were fine , they did not budge . The only reason I did not give 5 stars is that the cord is a little long . But better too long than too short . I just wind the cord up a little .
 I just bought my second pair of these . I bought the first pair in January 07 , and they would still be fine if I was more careful with storage . I usually go through a a couple pairs of earbuds a year , so even 18 months is a very long time for me . The sound is crisp and loud , the bass and highs are both great for sports use and endurance training .
 They actually remain in your ears while running . Just crank them down and go ! I have had to rely on headbands for years and these things are a welcome relief . No other earphones with adjustable stoppers would ever fit . The headphones come with two packets of assorted nubs and rings . I was surprised that it only took a couple of minutes to get the correct fit for each ear.These headphones look more robust than the cheaper black Sennheiser ones : Sennheiser MX55 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Headphones . The strain relief on the cables looks good . The cables also come with a removable clip for attaching to clothing.Sound quality is OK , not fabulous , but OK . However , they sound better than headphones dangling around your knees.Cons
 ive had trouble finding a headset that would stay in my ears while working out and even just regular listening ... even sonys earbuds would fall out but the twist to fit design works flawlessly -LRB- idk if thats how ya spell it lol -RRB- . my only complaint is the sound isnt quite there ... its kinda hard to hear the softer sounds but it hasnt been a problem .
 These are great earphones . I run most days and needed a good pair of earphones that would stay in place and also sound good . These meet the qualifications . I would recommend them for anyone .
 Great workout earphones , stays put and withstands all the sweating I do ! Only wish the cord was so squirmy .
 Remember folks - the main purpose in jogging is to run and get some exercise - the main purpose of jogging is NOT music appreciation ... so quit your whining . Do n't listen to anyone who says these are n't any good for runners . They are the best you will find if jogging is your thing . Anyone who says they are no good probably works for a competitor who has come out with a totally inferior product or was trying to play American football while wearing them or they have very oddly shaped ears . These earphones are a very simple design but they WORK . When I say ` work ' , I mean they stay in place when you are running . Sound quality is n't too bad and certainly as good as can be expected for this type of equipment ... maybe even a little better than expected . I 'm totally please with them . You put 'em in and do the little twist thing and they fit securely . Yeah !!!
 uneven cord length is a plusmy favorite pair for the gym
 These headphones sound pretty good , but they are n't the best . When running , the volume controller gets in the way and bounces . It is also easy to change the volume which is annoying . I also find the fact that the cord for the right side is longer than the other a little bit strange . I realize it is done intentionally , but it does nothing for me . Overall , for just listening at your desk or in your room , these are great headphones . For running , I would recommend something else .
 Bought the item as a gift for my daughter who is a student in Boston . Item arrived well ahead of the Holidays . She really likes them for both casual listening and while working out . The design for the ear bud holds them in place during all exercise regimes . Great product and great service !! The color really makes them stand out in a crowd and it is a great conversation starter .
 Here is a real review . For under $ 40.00 here is what you get
 the sound quality doesnt beat a shure headphone or an inear but boy these things totally stay in place when you need to run and such , the only draw back is the flimsy wiring feels like it 'll break and gets tangled easy but thats expected of any headphone
 Excellent headphones , shipped really quickly and when I opened the package and one was n't working , sent it back free of charge and received the second package quickly as well . Love the headphones !
 These headphones are pretty good . Sometimes they bother my ears , even after changing the attachments . However the sound quality is great , and they are nice and secure . I ride public transit -LRB- trains , buses , et cetera -RRB- quite frequently and they completely block out the noise.The only real problem I 've had is them hurting my ears , but that 's not a frequent enough occurance to worry me.So in short
 Saw the earphones on Amazon and wanted to give them a try . I read many of the reviews and they were rated excellent on a consistent basis . After receiving the earphones I was quiet pleased . Once you find the proper attachment to fit your ear canal you are well on your way . I would definately recommend these earphones to anyone who loves to workout and listen to their favorite tunes .
 Very good sound . The only bad is that the little disks that keep them in place in your ear fall off easily and you could lose them .
 Bought for my son and he loves them . Amazon shipped immediately , too .
 These headphones are great . Block out outside noise and music sounds great .
 I love the MX75 . It is absolutely awesome if not the price is a little high and the neon green color is at times shiny and pretty but others fugly.I want to take sometime and mention the packaging here . It is clever and well designed , easy to open without destroying the plastic packaging and very artistic . Such dedication just to the packaging shows how far Sennheiser goes to please its customers . There are nice touches here and there . The unboxing of this pair of headphones is really a unique and memorable experience.The sound of this player can be described with one word - sweet . This is one sweet sounding pair of earphone . The highs do n't get too sharp and piercing and the lows are n't thumping either . For me it is perfect if not at times a bit too soft and sweet sounding . However , the actual sound of the player does not get appreciated because it 's a sports earphone . The open design lets you hear outside noise just as well as to avoid accidents , and this is where sound quality is compromised . If you press them hard into your ears you 'll get a much much better sound but usually when you workout with them they just do n't go in that far . Still they sound really nice even when working out . They just sound THAT much better in a quieter setting.This does not mean that these phones do n't fit well . They fit nicely . Very secure and tight but at a very comfortable level . The earbuds themselves are light , and with the twist-2-fit design they will stay securely in your ears and at the same time you ca n't even feel that they are there . You can shake your head around like crazy but they wo n't be shook loose for a bit . The unit is shipped with replacement rubber pieces of different sizes so they are sure to fit perfectly.The twist2fit design is ingenious . You just put the earphones into your hears , then twist them until the upper wheels side into a tight and comfortable position and you are set . It took me 10 seconds to figure it out from when I first got them out of the box.The cord is kinda tangible and thin , but these are sports earphones so they should be pretty durable - no other way to test this except let time do its job.These earphones come with a variety of accessories . Noticably there 's the carrying case , which is much nicer than the one that comes with the Shure E2C I must say . Then there 's the little nice clipper thing that can be attached to anywhere of the cord and clipped onto your collar or something so you do n't feel like the weight of the entire cord is pulling at your ears . Very nice indeed.In the end , this is one sweet pair of sports headphone with portability , nice sound , comfortable design . There are very nice touches here and there . Senn . has given much attention to details and that 's something that says , `` this is one great company and these headphones are awesome . '' However , they still have to justify the bill that comes at the end of the month . These earphones are at a 40-50 dollars range . It is quite high indeed as for this price you can get something with noice isolating or noise canceling ones with much better sound . Throw in another 20 and you got yourself a pair of Shure E2C . However I think in the end it is well worth the price because of the amount of work Senn has put in to design , create , innovate for these nice little headphones . Well worthy a five .
 These headphones sound great and stay in your ear with the wacky little pads that they put on them . For the price I do n't know if you could get a better sounding set of headphones . The nice thing is that I can wear these much longer than the five dollar set I had previously before they get uncomfortable . So here is what bugs me about these . The carrying pouch , while it looks cool , does n't keep the wires from getting all tangled up , why do n't they make one of those plastic things that you spin with your fingers so the wires go around the outside . Secondly and many other reviews point this out , the right bud has a longer wire , about 6-8 inches , now I assume its so the shirt clip has enough slack to keep from pulling the ear bud out when you are jogging but seriously , that is super annoying . I would recommend them though just the same .
 If you go to the gym a lot , you can not pass up these headphones . They do stay in your ears all the time . However , the left earpiece volume has started to dampen because I sweat like a pig during my workouts . Also , be careful if you have your ipod armband on your bicept and if you carry a backpack . When putting the backpack over your arm while ipod is attached , the headphone plug caught many times over the summer in turn I had to end up super gluing it . If the left earplug does n't start working again tomorrow I 'm going to order a new pair of these for when I send the old pair back to Sennheiser for a repair I wo n't be out a pair of headphones for a few days.Buy them .
 I have tried several headphones for running . And this one is the best . It actually does not fall off . The sound quality is good but not great . But , overall I totally recommend it .
 I 've had these headphones for about a month now and I love them . They 're replacing a pair of Sony iPod in-ear headphones that I really was n't happy with , to the point that I was ready to swear off earbuds and in-ear headphones altogether.First , the MX-75 's look great and feel really solid . The build quality is top-notch and I personally think the color scheme is gorgeous . Also , a staple of earbuds seems to be the little foam pads that cover them getting lost or torn and small pieces being a constant nuisance . On these headphones the parts snap in solid and stay there . Even the little foam covers seem to be made to a higher standard , they do n't budge.Second , the cord almost never tangles . My last pair of headphones , as well as others I 've owned , seem to have a natural tendency to tangle and knot . The cord on the MX-75 's resists tangling really well , and in the rare case of a small tangle it comes undone easily -LRB- again , unlike others I 've owned -RRB- . Third , these may be the best-sounding earbuds I 've ever owned - not just for the price , but full-stop . My last pair was more expensive , and I 've had at least one other pair of earbuds that cost me twice as much , and these beat them all . They have excellent bass response , I was really surprised at how rich the low frequency response is . You can crank your iPod to max volume and you do n't get any of the buzzing and distortion I 've heard on all other earbuds I 've owned . The frequency response is more consistent across the full volume range , too.Lastly , they do n't fall out and they do n't come loose . I put them in and they stay put . I run and bike with them and have n't had a problem yet.The very first time I wore them my ears were a little sore from the piece that twists into the ear , but it has n't happened since . I still check the mirror when i put them in to make sure I 've got them in right , but that 's probably just me.I 've really got nothing bad to say about them . I could n't be happier , especially for the price . Highly recommended , you wo n't be disappointed .
 I was really impressed with these little head phones , they sounded quite good!But I could not get used to the design and did n't find them comfortable . I eventually gave them to my husband and he thought they were the most comfortable he 's ever had.So I guess it depends on the ear or the person - the style is not for everyone .
 This is a great pair of headphones for working out and running . I wanted something that I would n't constantly have to mess with while jogging or weight lifting . These do the trick . The unique design is going to keep these in your ears 99 % of the time with no problem . Also , that little clip that you can attach to your shirt is way more useful than I had imagined . I use it when I jog so I do n't feel the continuous jerking cord against my ears . It works really well . The cord is designed pretty well too . It tends to coil itself up , which initially I though would be troublesome . In actuality it helps keep the cord from tangling . If it does happen to tangle , you 'll have to deal with the oddly shaped ear piece which is going to make matters 10x worse.I ca n't say much about the sound quality . I 've never been very picky . However , for the music I play and the audio books I 've listened to I 've never had a complaint . I will say it does n't block out external sounds very well . Not compared to most other in the ear headphones . This can be good and bad . Bad for the gym , when you have noise of the machines , TVs , and ` grunters ' . Good for running outside where you might want to be aware that a car is approaching quickly from behind you.The only other thing I want to point out is that the earpiece design is not super comfortable for long usage . It 's not horrible , but I always notice when I have these in for more than an hour or so . Luckily I usually only use these for my workouts and I suspect most people will use the product the same .
 I just bought my second pair of this even though there is a new model . The new model does n't have the green cushions that go in the top of the ear . The only reason I had to buy these again is because occassionally I lose the green rings when they are thrown around in my car and I ran out of rings entirely . The left speaker was coming apart after wearing it without a ring for so long . I just love them though . I agree with a previous reviewer that it would be nice to not have the shorter wire for the left ear-bud . Odd feature .
 These earbuds stay put , even at the gym ! Very comfortable , and good sound quality . However , outside sounds do leak in more than other earbuds I 've used , so find myself cranking up the volume on planes/buses , but it 's a small price to pay for earbuds that fit securely without making the insides of my ears feel plugged up . My only real complaint is that the cord tangles up really easily -- I probably spend about 10 minutes each week untangling the knots .
 I have fairly large ears , and with the right rubber pieces on the headphones they stay put . The `` stay put '' does mean that there 's a bit of pressure on your ear so they did make my ears hurt a little bit , but it was worth it for the sound quality and not having headphones that constantly move around and have to be pressed back into ear.I docked a point on durability because it would be very easy to lose the little rubber fittings . I 've dropped them several times and had to go searching for them or found them in the mesh of my shorts . So far I 've kept track of them though , and the sound quality is only slightly degraded after a year of use .
 Tried many kinds and this is the best . It stays when you run or ride the stationary bike at the gym . It feels a bit tight in the beginning but soon you will get used to it.I hope they will make other colors . Not a fan for green . Since color is not my focus , I give it a 5 star based on quality and functionality !
 I certainly got more than I paid for . This is my first pair of Sennheiser headphones and I ca n't believe what I 've been missing . They coil themselves for easy wrap-up and store in the rubber case . I use them with my Blackberry sometimes and the way the input was designed it keeps it from snagging on my pocket or in the pouch . I hardly know they are there and I do n't worry anymore about adjusting them every 5 minutes because they stay put . I highly recommend these earphones to anyone , even at full retail price . They are worth EVERY penny !
 Same thing that everyone else says
 These earphones have decent sound quality and really do stay in . There is a little piece that secures the earphone by hookin in to the fold of the upper ear . Unfortunately , that piece hurts sometimes . I still think it 's worth it because they stay in place , and I only wear them when I work out -LRB- 40 minutes at a time -RRB- .
 I found these little gems reading a runners forum and I 'm very glad I did . I enjoy running 5-6 days a week . My standard ipod earbuds gave me trouble on stationary cardio equipment once the sweat started running by causing them to fall out and me having to almost constantly readjust them . To fix this , I wrapped the earbuds with the foam covers that were included and the problem was solved ... until I went outside to pound the pavement . The normal vibration of me running caused problems with the foam covered earbuds but once I started sweating . . forget about it . So I ordered these Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones and now NO MORE READJUSTING = -RRB- The headphones arrived with everything they were suppose to have included . They had instructions , several different sizes of coverings for all the different sizes and shapes of ears and even a carrying case . Each side of the headphones has 2 circular shaped pieces that go into your ear . The larger circular shaped piece is the actual speaker or earbud that goes into your ear canal . The second , higher up , smaller circular shaped piece wedges into the small nitch in your ear . It acts as a wedge to keep the whole piece `` wedged '' -LRB- one more time with that word -RRB- in place . Maybe I was born with big goofy ears but once I replaced the factory rubber coatings on both the speaker and the wedge piece with larger sizes that were included , the fit was excellent !! There are a few different size pieces included for both the speaker and the disc wedge piece so no worries there.The actual tests have been nothing short of perfect and these earphones do exactly what I hoped they would do . From my first run to my most recent run , once I put them in my ear , it does n't matter if I run through a rainstorm or sweat gallons or both , I very rarely have to touch them . They DO NOT fall out of my ears due to moisture or running/jogging vibrations . Most sessions I simply do not have to touch them at all . They come with a cord clip -LRB- which I do n't use -RRB- but the clip will offer even more stability to a already stable piece of equipment.Sound quality was right on par with my factory shipped ipod earbuds . I will say I am not a audiophile by any means , I just need my little setup to get me through my run/workout while sounding `` normal '' . I have more than one setup in different rooms of our home for better sound than a small disc placed in my ear . These are earbuds after all and sound as good if not better than the factory shipped ones that came with my ipod so color me pleased.I would recommend them to people suffering from the earbud annoyance of falling out of your ears once vibrations from running/jogging and/or moisture . The design is different and may not suit everyone but few things do suit us all . Comfort was the same as original earbuds , once I got use to something that was a tad different , I forgot they were there . There was no pain , blistering , bleeding or anything scary involved with my comfort of these `` wedge '' type earbuds .
 this is the 6th set of earbuds i 've purchased for the ipod.finally , buds that stay put in my ears ! this is the design that ALL earbuds should adopt . put them in the ear and rotate the extra little nub so it wedges into the ear shell , and you wo n't have to repeatedly jam the buds back into your ears.i thought i was the only one having trouble with traditional buds constantly falling out of my ears , eroding the ipod experience . i 've since discovered that most everyone has the same problem . apple shud be ashamed to be shipping such badly designed buds . these really are the answer .
 These twist-to-fit in-ear headphones did n't need the twist part for me . With the enclose foam covers they wedged in perfectly and I found them to be very comfortable and they stay in place on walks or working around the house without having to constantly push them back in.The cord is a bit long but I hang the wires down my back so that does n't bother me.The sound quality is not the best but for the $ 15 price tag you ca n't go wrong.The last thing was the description seemed to indicate there was a volume control but mine did n't have that . Otherwise , it looks pretty much like the picture .
 I ca n't really call myself an audiophile but I am more of a headphone/earphone junkie . I 've got a bunch of them that I use at various times but I never really had one that would stay in my ear when I 'm sweating buckets at the gym.Then I stumbled across these while looking for gym headphones and since I already own a Sennheiser EH-150 , I was pretty sure I could trust Sennheiser to make a good product . And that trust was certainly not misplaced . These headphones are the best things possible for the gym.PROS :1 . They stay in your ear no matter how much you move or sweat .2 . They are n't overly expensive3 . They have a neat carrying case and shirt clip4 . They can be custom fitted to your ear thanks to the different pads etc that are provided5 . They have well balanced sound6 . They feel like they 'll last a while even with rugged useCONS :1 . Bass is a little on the low side2 . Putting it on the right way and getting it to stay there might be take a few tries for some people3 . For the overly fashion oriented -- they 're bright greenOverall , a great set of earphones that should be a part of every gym kit of you ask me -LRB- whether you like green or not -RRB- . If you 're looking for headphones that stay in your ear when you work out/jog then look no further .
 Nice headphonesPros
 It has good sound and volume control is handy - long cable provides some flexibility .
 My biggest problem with headphones has always been finding a pair that would stay put in my ears while exercising . I 've had these headphones about 4 months and they have never failed me . I thought they were a little awkward to put in at first , but they dont move once in place . Sound quality is excellent as well . The cord to the right earphone is a little longer than the left , which -LRB- I think -RRB- is to make it easier to wear the headphones with the cords behind your head . Would like to see them in a color other than bright green , but overall a great product . Definitely recommend to anyone who is an avid gym-goer !
 Best earphones for under $ 100 . I bought a pair of Shure E-3 's and the Bose , and those never sounded , or stayed in ear while running like these.Highly recommended , I even have converted standard iPod earphone wearers to purchase these . Great pair , will buy again .
 This is my 3rd attempt at finding the perfect sport headphones . I tried the Nike earbuds but they eventually broke . The Sennheiser headphones sound quality is definitely top notch compared to the other brands . I Spin bike , stair climb , etc. . . with mine and they never move out of place . I also like using the clip because it keeps the cord out of your way . Another plus , it includes a small carrying case for storage . My only negative is that the cord is alittle long .
 I was a bit skeptical when I ordered these headphones because of some of the negative reviews . I was buying them to replace a pair I had had for a couple of years to use with my ipod . The pair I was replacing I had purchased to replace the very basic headphones provided with my ipod . I was satisfied with them until I received the Sennheiser pair and I realized how well designed the Sennheisers are . It was difficult for me to picture how they worked by looking at the picture but once they arrived and I put them in my ears it was obvious . They fit very snugly and stay put well . They also have what I would consider great sound . I 'm sure there are headphones out there that have better sound , but they also cost much more . I also like the cord on these headphones . The way they coil and the fact that they have a clip to attach to your shirt keeps the headphones in place wonderfully . My previous pair was always getting wrapped around things and yanking the headphones out of my ears . Overall , I think the Sennheisers are a good buy .
 This was a great product for the money . The sound quality is just as good the headphones that came with my MP3 player if not better . Great price for a great product .
 I bought these off a recommendation from a couple friends . I have never been one to spend to much on headphones because I seem to lose them as quickly as I buy them . I had been pre-warned that I might need to fiddle with them and change out the pads before I found a comfortable position and I did eventually . Now I really appreciate having headphones that do n't fall out if I turn my head , get up or go for a run . Worth every penny and because I spent a bit more for these I find myself keeping better track of them .
 Feel a little cheap but are actually quite durableComfyLoudGreat soundAnd they do stay in your ear while running : -RRB-
 I bought these headphones specifically for running . The standard white earphones that came with the iPods would stop working , I guess because they get wet with sweat . I had never used this type of design before and it is simply great , the earbuds stay in place perfectly and are very , very comfortable.For a while I could not understand why the chords connected to the earbuds had different lengths , and the longer one was kind of a nuisance while running , flapping around my neck . I recently realized that if I placed the longer chord behind my neck and into the ear , the fit would be perfect and the flapping problem was gone.One minor problem is that the chord does not lose its coiled shape , and it tangles very easily ; it took me several minutes to unravel the cables before a run until I decided to wind it around the iPod.Sound quality is very good , at least enough to enjoy during a run .
 This is my second pair of these headphones . They lasted about a year -LRB- 5 days a week use -RRB- before I needed to buy new ones . I like the twist and fit action that keeps them in my ears when I run -LRB- even if I get really sweaty ! -RRB- The only thing I did n't like was how flimsy the cord is , -LRB- I used the clip and if you slide it too much it will split the casing of the cord . -RRB- And the ear buds were a bit hard to get used to in the begining ... Other than those two things I would buy a third pair when these go out !
 I was sick of working out and spending a majority of my time putting my headphones back in or holding onto them so they do not slip out . I went online for the search for new headphones just for working out and I ran across these headphones and bought them based on the reviews . Man , my life of working out is completely better . I no longer have to stop and put my headphones back in or slow down so I can keep them in before they fall out . My workouts are longer and harder now that I do n't have to worry about the headphones.One note is that if I wear them for a long workout my ears are sore for a few minutes but it fades fast and is well worth it.Enjoy !
 I bought these headphones specifically to use during a marathon . I was a little worried because I received them a few days before the race , but the twist-to-fit feature was easier to figure out than I had feared , and the headphones worked great throughout the long hours of the race !
 Great quality sound as well . It took me a little while to figure out how to get the plugs correctly in my ears but once I got it , no problems ! I use these whenever I run and I have n't had any problems with them coming out of my ears even when I sweat ALOT . I am very happy with this purchase .
 Just OK sound , but a great , snug fit . Stay in place perfectly while running . Hold up well in the rain too . Alligator clip comes in handy .
 I bought these headphones , after also purchasing another similar pair for traveling . While it took a bit getting used to the fitting style , the sound quality is great and you forget about the unique fitting after about two or three uses.The only drawback is the shorter cord length for the left side , which I do n't like as it is a bit odd .
 i 've had these headphones for several months and ca n't be more pleased . they are definitely worth the price . i run four times a week and lift weights five times a week . they never fall out no matter how much i sweat , bounce , or move my head . if you 're looking for a good set of headphones these are it !
 I really like these headphones very much . They are a tight fit and are very good for jogging.The sound quality is good . I do n't really have any complaints .
 I use them on the treadmill and they stay in my ears - but occasionally the long cord tangles with my arm or hand - and pulls one of the headphones out .
 I bought these headphones almost 3 months ago now and I absolutely love them . I run on the treadmill , do the elliptical machine and weight lift and these never budge . You do n't have to worry about sweat clogging them up like with some other In-Ear brands . I have never had that issue and I sweat alot . The fit is snug and yet with no discomfort . I wear them on an average of 45 min - 11/2 hours per workout session and my ears never get sore.I give it 4 out of 5 stars only for the annoying longer length of the right ear cord . I just end up flipping the entire wire to be worn on the back of my head and neck just to get that extra length out of my face . If they improve that length design these could easily score a 5 .
 These headphone deliver as promised . They have the typical Sennheiser full spectrum detailed sound reproduction and yet they stay in your ears during any physical activity . They are rugged , virtually waterproof and I can not shake them out of my ears , I can not even shake them loose . They are very comfortable and can be worn for hours . Well done Sennheiser , you 've done it again.If you listen to Hip Hop or other music where you might want an artificial boomy bass sound , stay clear of Sennheiser , you will not be happy , go with Sony instead .
 Great headphones , sound good and really stay in your ear when running . The color is awful , but if you just wear them to the gym who caresPros
 I 've had a lot of earbuds in my day , that have cost between $ 0 - $ 500 . I prefer in-ear noise cancellation buds , but when exrecising , they do n't stay . So i got these , and I would say that they definately stay on your ears . I ; ve worn them while cycling , while working out at the gym and while jogging , and once you twist them in your ear they stay put.The sound is decent , and more than adequate , but certainly not exceptional . The base is not over-powering , but the mid-range is a bit to prominent.The main problem I had with these is that my ear cavity is a bit small , so regular buds like these , or the ones that come with IPods are painful for me to wear . These are better because they are cushioned , but it was a little uncomfortable after awhile.All in all , I 'd say this product looks cool , and does as advertised for a really good price .
 Great pair of headphones . I am an avid runner , these are better than other regular earbuds . The sound is great for me , I am huge hip hop head , I love music but am not an audio engineer audiophile . I like good sound and these met my standards . They work great , dont fall off , are not perfect but they do the job . They can be uncomfortable passed the 1hr mark , but only midly from the twist part of the head phones.I have lossed my green twist and go rubber part that fits on the small part of the headphone , and it really sucks with out it . Does anyone have an extra greet rubber parts to stick over that they wouldnt mind sending me . Gibransaleem@gmail.com . I 'd really appreciate it , and I think ull like ur purchase .
 If you 're looking for concert-quality sound , or luxuriously soft headphone bliss , this is not only the wrong item , but the wrong category . But in the subgenre of exercise headphones , these Sennys really shine.In my average-sized ears , they remain firmly in place regardless of how physical the exercise gets . And despite their excellent grip , I have n't experienced any significant discomfort in using them up to two hours straight . The headphones are held in place by applying pressure to two pieces of cartilage in your ear , so if you put them in right , there should n't be any pain . I suppose results may vary with smaller ears.The sound quality is better than I expected for headphones like these -- decent bass and an overall clarity of sound.They falls short of perfection only in the initial installation to the ear . At first I found it particularly tricky to get used to way the headphones twist into place , and even now it usually takes a couple of tries to get them set just right . Once there , however , all is well . I 'd buy these again , no question .
 I work out hard and these things stay in place . Only difficult thing is the cord is quite long , but longer is better than shorter . -LRB- that 's what she said -RRB- : ? These are very easy to transport and I do n't have to worry about ruining them . The case is great and these also have very good sound . If anyone knows of pair that are better than these for the price , let me know but I 'll keep buying these as long as they are made.Update March 2011 . The wire coating is starting to pull apart at the buds so I came back to buy another pair but they are at $ 65 now !!!! What happened ? How did they becoome more expensive . I bought two pair at $ 19/each 2 years ago . I love these so much and do n't want to be without . I 've put these through the test , in and out of the bag , working hard . They are awes . Looks Like 'll have to try the new oranges ones , which are $ 49 now , or the ones with the fins and volumne control which I 'm hesitant to try because I dont ' want extra bulk on the wire.The are awesome !
 I bought this exact pair of headphones about three years ago and loved them . I exercise often and sweat profusely with no malfunctions of any kind until one day I accidentally snagged the wire to the headphones and broke . Much to my dismay I found the same pair on amazon for a lot less then when I first bought them 3 years ago . Now I have the same great pair of headphones that can last for a long time while having excellent sound quality , comfort , and durability .
 i love these earphones . the reproduce sound very very well and manage to do so with tons of bass . just like i like it . and i 'm always dancing around or running or just freaking out , and these boogers manage to stay put.however , the cord naturally winds itself back to its coiled position . which means that the listener must attach the clip to their shirt collar to prevent being choked by the cord . what 's worse is that if you are on the go and have the earphones threaded through your shirt , but pull one or both from your ears , the coiling cord starts to have a tantrum and misbehave . also , the coiling cord will eventually and inevitably self destruct.these will only last one year with heavy use . and sennheiser did n't replace mine like the guarantee said . so i 've spent my own money twice on these -LRB- and i 've also bought 3 other pair of the sennheiser twist to fit line -RRB- . but i 'll continue to do so until sennheiser either improves the durability of this product or somebody else makes an offering with superior sound & longevity.don ' t blame me if the best option does n't meet expectations .
 What do you expect for a 20 $ earphones ? Not much ... . So , I 'm totally HAPPY with my purchase . Have had it for a month already and been using it in the gym every day -LRB- well , 5 days a week , actually -RRB- and while traveling -LRB- and I do travel a lot ! -RRB- . As expected , they stay put and no worry about having to dry them up and put them back in like other earphones . As for sound quality , they perform over my expectation ! It sounds much better than 60 $ noise canceling in-ear headphones that I used to have . So , what are you waiting for ? Go get one for yourselves !
 Wow , these are great ! I suffer from Sweaty Ear , which causes normal earbuds to fall out after about 5 minutes of any physical activity . And , of course , regular earbuds fall out at the slightest provocation , which turns my run into a freakish stop-and-go of adjusting my earbuds , running for a minute , stopping to adjust the earbuds again , wiping the sweat off my ears to see if that helps , and finally just taking the damn things out in a fit of frustration , and running the rest of the way without any music.Well , these little things are a thousand times better than any regular earbuds I 've tried - they have a little stalk that comes up behind the earbuds , with a little nubbin that goes into your ear , effectively wedging the things into your OUTER ear -LRB- as opposed to just driving them further into your ears , which would be painful -RRB- . And they stay there ! I demonstrated for my husband when they first arrived , head-banging and jumping up and down and pretending to run and skip and move from side-to-side . And the things stayed in!I figured I could n't judge them quite yet , because I had n't been running for 30 or 40 minutes to work up a serous sweat . But I have done so since then , and these stay in ! It 's weird at first , because if you 've used earbuds in the past , you will be prepared to move them around every minute or 5 . But you wo n't have to ! And the cord-flapping problem , which will cause normal earbuds to be yanked out of your ears , is solved by a little clip that you can use to clip the top part of your headphones to your shirt . There is a LOT of cord included with these - I just ended up wrapping the extra cord around my ipod armband , which worked nicely . Then clip onto my shirt near my shoulder , and I can run and run without my earbuds dislodging.In summary , these things RULE , and are completely worth the extra bucks you 'll spend over some cheaper pairs of earbuds . The green color is a little ... uh , weird . I wish they were offered in black . But I will gladly put up with lime green in order to keep myself sane through a long workout by listening to music without adjusting my headphones 19 times . Hooray !
 I ordered these headphones for a pretty specific purpose , to use with a DVD player at the gym , mostly on the treadmill . My audio expertise falls into the `` I know what I like '' catagory . Here 's my take on the MX75s : Fit
 First off , a great product , especially for those working out . These phones do stay in your ears when running on a treadmill and the shirt clip allows one to move the extra cabling out of the way.The only drawback to these phones is that they do not have quite the volume/fullness of some headphones that are even cheaper . However , for a set of excercise oriented phones , these are great . They even come with a novel carrying case that works well.I purchased mine off of amazon for around the $ 30 - $ 40 range and am not quite shure why the extremly high $ 100 price is now listed . I do n't think they are quite worth that price and hope this is merely a glitch and not a gouge .
 I have been on a neverending quest for earbuds since I purchased my iPod . I do n't know if my ears are weird or what , but all the ones I have tried before -LRB- the Apple ones being the worst -RRB- fall out of my ears very easily . I would be sitting at my desk , simply typing , and before I knew it the earbud would just slide out of my ear . It is so annoying to be constantly pushing earbuds back into your ear all day long . After searching high and low , and spending more money than I thought I ever would on various headphones and earbuds , I found the Sennheiser MX55V Stereo Headphones w / Twist-to-fit System & Volume Control.These headphones have been a godsend ! They fit in my ear and they stay put ! I seriously thought it just was n't possible , but these do . Now , I only gave them 4 stars because after extended wearing my ears are sore afterwards . They take some time to get used to and you have to try different ` positions ' to get the fit that suits you best . I was n't sure how to wear them when I first got them either , they should come with more detailed instructions . So , there is a little pieace over the actual speaker - this piece wedges in and holds the headphones in place . This is where the ` soreness ' comes in . My ears , and probably most people 's ears are not used to having something in that area of the ear , so , like I said earlier , they take some time to get used do.But the bottom line is that these work great . They have NOT FALLEN OUT ONCE ! The difference between this model and the green MX75 -LRB- besides 20 $ -RRB- is that the MX75s are sweat resistant . It looks like they come with same items and are almost the same headphone.FYI - both the MX55V & the MX75 come with different pads & fittings to ensure they fit your ear perfectly . I did have to change from the pad it came with to the smallest one.Also , I LOVE the volume control . Basically about midway down the wire there is a small piece with a cool looking slider . The slider allows you to lower or raise the volume -LRB- not fully but within a certain range of the volume you previously set -RRB- . This is great , because I do not have to fumble for my iPod in my pocket -LRB- or worse remove the earbud -RRB- when someone at work asks me a question , now I can just use the slider to lower the volume . The sound is good on these I have no complaints , but I am no audiophile either . If you have read this far into the review then I assume you are serious about buying these - and you should . If you have tried all the rest and are now ready to get a pair that truly fit , then buy these ! Just remember , they take a couple days to get used to , so do NOT give up on these guys . Seriously , the best thing to do is play around with them and find what works for you - that 's what is great about these customizable headphones !
 I researched in depth all types of in ear headphones . My main concern was to make sure they stayed in when I was exercising . I compared many earbuds and read reviews and decided to roll the dice and buy a pair of these green Sennheisers.The earbuds ' fit great once you find your set of attachments . They are comfortable and do not irritate over lengths of time . They also stay in when you move about ! The larger earbud attachment creates a seal that blocks a decent amount of ambient noise , they are by no means noise cancelling.I had downloaded the specification sheets for each of Sennheiser 's twist to fit earbud models . They have three models , sport -LRB- green -RRB- , street , and style . I compared frequency response , THD -LRB- total harmonic distortion -RRB- , and weight . All three models are basically similar in these three aspects . Why they charge more for the style model I have no clue.The sound of these earbuds are an improvement over Apple 's default pair of earbuds -LRB- I believe they are the same price as well -RRB- . Fact is earbuds are never going to sound as good as a nice pair of closed back headphones that encompase your entire ear . The sound of Sennheiser 's sport twist to fit earbuds is not bad by anymeans , they have good bass but have a bit of a midrange problem -LRB- too much , have n't tried EQ -RRB- . We 're supposed to be exercising here so people who complain a lot about the sound quality can go sweat with a pair of earbuds that cost a third of an iPod for all I care . As long as these last me 1 year and take the beating they are well worth it.Overall these earbuds are a great deal . These earbuds are good sounding , good fitting , non-fatigueing earbuds . Well worth the money , I highly recommend these earbuds for anyone looking for quality earbuds for a middle of the road price .
 I 've tried almost every single brand and was about to give up alltogether on the idea that Ipod and running could be combined.I tried JVC , Sony , Koss and even the original earphones that came with my Nano . The Koss earphones actually stayed on for about 5 minutes ... I decided to try these Sennheiser after reading some of the reviews.They fit right the first time -LRB- after trying on the different adaptors -RRB- and I actually went through my complete run without re-adjusting , putting them back on or removing them alltogether.I thought I was being lucky ... but run after run after run they stay on , period.Like other reviewers , I do n't understand the shortness of the left cable nor the color choice , but tell you what ... I do n't care ! The cable is a little bothersome the first few times , but the earphones actually stay on , people ! I also sweat more than average , so we 'll see in the future about the water resistant claim , but , let me repeat ... these things actually stay on!I do n't know anything about sound to know if these are better or not than the others . The Koss I think provided the best sound , but if they fall out of your ears , there 's no sound to begin with!If you run , these -LRB- hopefully -RRB- are the last ones you buy !
 An analogy to Goldilocks -LRB- hope I have my fairy tales right -RRB- ... Bigger , over-ear headphones may have better sound but they 're to big away from your home component system . The inside the ear canal is too intrusive and not very safe or practical for general -LRB- usually block all outside noise so not safe -RRB- and active use -LRB- impact of your steps reverberate through the earphones -RRB- . Outside the ear canal earbuds without the twist to fit system always falls off or slides just enough to throw the sound quality . The MX75 on the other hand is just right for most things.Plusses : - The earbuds do not fall off even when vigorously exercising.-The sound quality is a little better than you would expect for $ 30 earbuds-Waterproof , sweatproof-removable wire clip and case are nice for this price range although I would have preferred a hard-case instead of a silicone one-many adapters to fit many size ears -LRB- although the main body with speaker seems larger than usual -- good for me but maybe not for those with very small outer ear area -RRB- - all-around performerMinusses-the bright green color is ... well , bright-being picky but the wire was coiled for packaging and I know it is still new but I am used to wires that just drape down rather than coil but this should ease with use-that is about it
 although a different color would have been ideal , it 's the fit that i was most interested in when searching for earbuds . these fit great in my husband 's ears when he works out .
 I bought the Sennheiser MX75 about a month ago and I 'm very pleased . They sound great and stay in place . These are definately made for active people running , walking , weight-lifting , or other active sport or job . You would have tug on the cord or hit them pretty hard to make them fall out or misalign , which is essential for active listeners . Coincidentally their stability in your ear also makes them sound better , since you wo n't need to readjust them all the time . Keep in mind that no plug-stlye headphone is ever going to give you booming bass like cup-style headphones , but these perform well enough considering their size . Besides , when exercising your thoughts probably are n't focused on sound quality details -LRB- or at least they should n't be ! -RRB- They have interchangeable pads to adjust to different size ears , but the actual speaker ca n't be made smaller . Sometimes I get a minor amount of discomfort -LSB- from one ear only -RSB- after wearing them an hour or so , but I still like them -LRB- I 'm 27/male/5 ' 7 '' -RRB- . If you think you have petite ears they may not fit properly in the ear , and cause discomfort and/or poor sound quality.If you do n't need a headphone for exercising I would not recommend them , get a cup headphone with better sound instead .
 If you 're like me and have been looking for an affordable pair of durable head phones then these are for you!i do n't really see why others are complaining abut the buds being uncomfortable or not fitting b/c there are so many adjustment you can make , but for me the way they came right out of the packaging was the best fit . it does n't seem like these will have the same problem Ive been having with other pairs -LRB- around the jack the connection goes bad b/c of constant plugging and unplugging -RRB- b/c of the higher gauge wire.as for the sound quality im no expert but they sound great , i mean its not the quality you would get out of a pair of $ 100 + ear buds but they do the job nicely and they are sufficient for everyday listening or working out.for me the color was a bonus , i just love the green they come in , but its not for everybody , if you do n't like the color there is a similar pair of head phones w/o the sweat resistance , thicker cable and lime green for about $ 10 less.the only bad part of the purchase was the case , one of the magnets popped off about 10 min out of the box , but the silicone case is really obtrusive and useless so i doubt i would have used it anyways ...
 4 star because the pain of inserting this thing correctly killed a star . It is a b * tch to get on right , but sounds great afterwards and does not come off during workouts . The music may sound like it lacks bass , but that was before I got the hang of putting it on . If it is too deep in your ear , you will notice muddyness in the sound . Decent bass and crisp highs , I 'm satisfied .
 In spite of stupid wire -LRB- stiff and one side longer then other -RRB- I have made this my favorite for jogging .
 Well this is my first review and I 'm doing it because I think Sennheiser is giving a false publicity . It says very cleasr that it has a very good bass respobnse but it does not , although it has a very good sound quality , the bass response is not as ` WOW ' as they say , the bass sound is very normalBesides that , they are good , they indeed fit into your ear and the volume control feauture is a nice plus
 I go to the gym and do some outside training as well . I am very picky with the headphones i get because i want ones that will in my ear no matter what i do . These headphones suit me very well . i 've had them on when working out at the gym where i 'm constantly changing positions on different machines . I use them when i go running as well as cross training , i.e. sprints , jumps , pushups , situps , etc. . For me they 're money . The only problem i would see people having is if their ears are oddly shaped or something because for the most part , with all the different size attachments , they should fit most peoples ears .
 Earphones work fine so far , but the cords to the ears are really asymmetrical and non adjustable . It appears from the box that they are intentionally designed that way , but I do n't know why . I prefer to have the cords the same length .
 First off , some clarification.If you look at the pics associated with this item ... the man is not inserting the headphones in the ear correctly . He is twisting them posteriorly -LRB- backwards -RRB- so that they wedge into the ear to stay secure . They are designed to twist anteriorly -LRB- forward -RRB- so that the little `` wheel '' at the top of the earbud fits under the little flap that your ear makes as it attaches to your head.If you insert them correctly ... this makes them almost impossible to shake loose . In addition , the headphones come with multiple sizes of `` wheels '' to customize your fit . Also , there are multiple earbud speaker attachments to fit your ear-hole -LRB- as well as a set of cushioned covers -RRB- . These headphones are great for many applications . I use them while running and lifting . I even use them at sporting events , since they make a good seal and keep a lot of the crowd noise out and allow me to hear the radio broadcast.The coiled wire can be a bit of a bother , but really is not a `` deal breaker '' . Overall , I would buy these again ... actually I am buying some for family members this Christmas .
 This review is for Sennehiser MX55 Street w/o volume control -LRB- the least expensive of the three models listed on this page ; the other two are MX55V and MX75 -RRB- . I have no issues with twist-to-fit , but then , I do n't have problems with the fit of other earbuds either . What I got this pair for is the sound . The sound is excellent . It has a much better bass response than Sennheiser MX660 -LRB- top of the line drivers of the `` classic '' earbud line -RRB- . The bass is just right . -LRB- By the way , using foams is necessary to get a good bass . -RRB- Highs are balanced and not shrill . Channel separation is not perfect , but consider the price . I find that the regular rubber ring works best for me . I definitely recommend this product .
 First , a little background
 I have been looking for 15 years for ear buds that will stay in my ears . I have finally found them . They fit great , they sound great . I have been using these for a couple of months now in the gym for weight training and when I am running.Now for the specifics . First off , they 're green . If you are going to have a problem with that , do n't buy them . As for the sound , they sound great , but you have to put on the gray ear covers . They do sound awful without them . It takes a little effort to get them fitted over the sizing disks , but it is needed . And here is another suggestion , if you are THAT picky about sound quality , DO N'T LISTEN TO MUSIC WHILE WORKING OUT . These headphones are for sport , not audiophilia . Now for the fit . I needed the biggest disks to make them fit securely . But they do fit . It took a couple of uses to get used to it , but now I can barely feel them in my ear.Lastly , how to wear them . They must be worn on the left arm . I was always a right arm mp3 wearing person . I made the switch . So can you . The short wire goes to the left ear . The long wire goes behind your head to the right ear . Personally , I run the wire from my mp3 player on my left arm , inside my shirt and up the back of my neck . The `` annoying '' curl of the wire actually helps keep it out of the way . It wraps perfectly around the back of my neck to my right ear.Overall , I am thankful I found them and so is my wife . Like I said , I have been looking for 15 years for ear buds that do n't fall out and she was tired of me bringing home `` another '' pair of headphones . I highly recommend them for anyone with an active lifestyle.P.S . If you need a manual to tell you how to wear headphones , how did you make it onto the internet to write a review ?
 I am very pleased with these ` ear-bud ' type headphones . They stay in your ears and the sound dynamic is very good . The volume control is handy when your mp3/radio/whatever is out of reach in a bag or pocket . The plug seems pretty sturdy and -LRB- I hope - time will tell -RRB- it seems less likely to fail in it 's connection -- I HATE it when there is wear on the plug and you only get sound from the right or left speaker . They do take some getting used to in your ears and I think if your ears are small you may have some discomfort with them .
 I purchased these given the huge amount of reviews it received . I noticed the difference in sound between these and my old headphones immediately . It 's pleasant , round , and full . With some songs , it sounded as if I were right there next to the artist.They are slightly uncomfortable , maybe because I have smaller ears . I really like how they fit and stay put , but I wish they hurt less -LRB- it 's bearable though -RRB- . I did not have the `` sweat dripping into my ear '' problem , maybe because I do n't sweat very much.I would definitely recommend these to those with medium to large ears and to those who are not bothered by a little bit of discomfort .
 i used to have them . if you do n't use the case it is really easy for the wires to get tangled and start ripping out with wear to a point where the connector cable comes lose and the copper is exposed - that 's bad . the store i got it from the UK replaced it for me and then i got another 4 months or so out of it.i bought one for my brother two months ago - they seemed to have developed a lot on the design , with better connection at the 3.5 mm jack end and at the earpone output . twist and fit sizes and comfort have been improved . on top of all the case is not easier to use and hard to tangle the wires.pros - company is making positive improvements , learning from consumer feedback - great earphones for running - good sound range
 I bought this product because I was frustrated with other headphones -LRB- of the bulbous hard plastic variety -RRB- that kept falling out of my ear on my heaver ` jogs ' -LRB- who am I kidding , my fast walks -RRB- ... hello , Google Products & Amazon listing , and Hello , Sennheiser MX75 Twist-to-fit-in-ear Stereo Sport Headphones ... let 's break that down and review everything , shall we?Senneheiser - ok , if that 's their name ... MX75 - To be perfectly honest , I have n't tried their other 74 ` failed attempts ' , so I ca n't really comment!Twist - To-Fit - Well , this is what they claim on their multi-lingual ` easy ' to decipher fold out post-it note sized instructional booklet with step-by-step illustrations ... I have n't mastered the twist to fit portion of the show , however , I plunk in the bottom part and pull my ear over the top part and the fit is great ... so maybe `` Plunk-And-Pull '' system ?! In-Ear - Sure , I can see how that would work better than the Intra-Nostril approach ... Stereo - Really ? Hi-Fi Stereo ? That 's great ! Now let me just jump into my flying car and beam myself to the jogging path platform in my space suit ... Sport - Well , they 're neon green ... does that make it sporty ? If that 's the case I should buy a neon green fat suit and skip jogging/walking altogether!Headphones - Sure enough , noise comes out!Ok , Ok , in all seriousness , I do like these headphones -- I 'm not a big audiophile , my main concerns are if can I hear it or not and does it stay in my -LRB- apparently unconventionally shaped -RRB- ears ! And this product DOES that -- they stay jogging/walking , back flips , deep sea yoga practice , bull riding , in church -- you name it , it 'll stay ... -LRB- Although , admittedly , I 've only actually tried it jogging/walking ... so ... -RRB- . My only NEGATIVE is that after about an hour or so , it hurts ... it 's uncomfortable ... it feels good to remove them ... but not enough to keep me from poking them back in the next day -- but , apparently enough to withhold one star !
 after trying every type and brand of earphones i could find , i finally bought these to see if they would work . they truly are great earphones that actually stay in my ears for my whole run -LRB- i use the medium size pieces that come with the small/med/large set -RRB- . i can go a full half marathon with these in and only touch them once.the only down side is one side of the cord is a bit longer than the other , but can be easily fixed . and it 's true that the cord sticks in a circular motion and can get tangled if you 're not careful . but honestly , the pros far outweigh the couple of cons .
 The MX55 Street I purchased has a symmetrical wire length for the left and right ear , unlike the MX 75 . Although it advertises the ability to customize design covers , mine only came with 1 cover , which was metallic blue in colour . It looks like the MX55 with volume control comes with 2 design covers . The MX55 Street comes with the hard , round , silver carrying case , which is easy to use , and keeps the cord from tangling . It comes with 3 of each rubber stopper , so even if you lose one , you still have a spare . It does n't look like it is sweat proof , as the instructions on the box tell you to clean it using a dry cloth.The MX 55 performs as advertised . It does n't fall out of your ear when you are running , working out , lying down or jumping around . It stays in your ear even with a firm tug of the cord . I definitely feel them in my ear , so they are not as comfortable as regular earbuds . But the fact that you never need to readjust them through hours of use is enough to compensate.The sound quality is typical Sennheiser quality . It has clear , distinctive treble and bass , but neither is overpowering .
 I have bought these headphones twice , which shocks both myself as well as my friends . I have a nasty habit of trying out any and all headphones I can find and lightning never strikes in the same spot twice , or does it?Comfort
 I bought the street version of these headphones around the holidays on sale for about $ 13 . I could n't be more satisfied . Most headphones fall out of my ears even when I 'm completely stationary , but these stay anchored very well . They sound great and are comfortable . Best headphones I 've ever purchased , and for a great price . 5/5
 That 's not hyperbole , I 've tried many different brands -LRB- 2 kinds of Apple earphones , 2 models of Sony , Nike , even the Shure E3c -RRB- ... as an avid recreational athlete -LRB- triathlon/cycling/running primarily ... but also weight training/hiking -RRB- these headphones hit the `` sweet spot '' of very good sound/durability/water & sweat resistance/comfort/staying put while you excercise ! I am a profuse sweater , and the Sennheisers were the only headphones to handle all the sweat/bounce of heavy endurance athletics with NO problems whatsoever.The Twist-to-fit system worked just as advertised -LRB- once you have the right size pads fitted -RRB- , and I found the provided alligator clip very handy . As an example of how good these little guys are
 I have tried 3 different brands of earphones/earpods and these are the only ones that actually stay put when running . I have smallish ears ; other brands just did n't work for me -LRB- the over-the-ear type were just too big and the earpod type popped out when I sweat -RRB- . I have just come in from a sweaty 3 mile run in 80 degree weather and they did n't budge at all . The sound quality seems very good and it also comes with a cool , magnetic carrying case for the earphones . I highly recommend using these for any type of rigorous activity !
 I go through headphones like mad . I listen to my iPod while working around the house , the yard , walking , and doing general things that love to snag my headphones . I destroyed a expensive pair of Sony headphones in less than 6 months . What I have happen all the time is that the wire snags up on branches or shrubs when I am working outside , or chairs and workbenches when I am inside . I needed a set of headphones that could stand up to the abuse and stay in my ears . These do both . I never had a set last this long with all I do - and they are still going strong -LRB- I bought them in Feb 08 -RRB- . There is no sign of wear on the wires and none of the connections seem loose and ready to give out -LRB- that 's what killed my Sony headphones -RRB- . For active listeners , this is definitely worth the money .
 I purchased these to use for running . Very pleased how they stayed in my ears without horsing around with the various different size adapters included . Sound is very good . I have had horrendous luck with the sound on Sony 's . Only complain is something someone else also wrote about . The cord seems to be perma-press coils and it constantly knots when packed or stuffed in my pocket . But for the price , I have no complaint .
 For 14 bucks this is as good as it gets . I previously owned one of the sony mdr series that i 'm retiring . Kid you not when it says it attaches to your ear . It does n't make the slightest movement . The only problem is that it migh yank out your ear if the cord gets caught up with something . But then I ca n't expect it to know when it should let go :-RRB- ... would be nice though
 I bought and use these entirely for exercising - primarily running . While the green color is rather obnoxious , I find that the design is much improved over the MX55 . Which IThe 55 's had a inline volume control that I never used and instead created an annoying lump in my clothes -LRB- I route the cable underneath my shirt down to my wrist band where my iPod Nano is secured . -RRB- In addition , the tabs that held the 55 's in my ear were n't as well designed and did n't have the option of multiple size pads like the 75 's did.I also liked that the 75 's came with extra parts . At some point , the 55 's lost a piece or two and became virtually useless .
 These ear phones really fit . I have had problems finding earbuds that stay put . I have never liked the in-the-ear types and finally someone made a product that works . The sound is very good , mostly because the speaker stays where it needs to be to transmit the music into your ear canal . The bass response could be stronger but most basic equalizers should be able to compensate to give you a good experience . The only downside
 Wow ! These are just an amazing set of headphones . They have that great sound of a really expensive pair of headphones . There are a couple of ways to put them in , so be patient . It 's worth it because they will stay on till you pull them out . And they really do n't hurt at all . When you read those reviews about them hurting , it 's because they do n't put them in the way that works for them . I 've run in these for an hour or more , no problems , no pain . There 's a little bag that comes with it that has a different assortment of size nubs so you can really find the right size , just for you . Overall , these are just a painless , great-sounding , perfect pair of headphones that will NOT fall out .
 I bought these headphones to solve the problem of earbuds constantly falling out of my ears when exercising . The headphones will not fall out!Some notes after several months of usage : - These are sturdy ! No problems with durability so far with sensible usage and storage . - They 're not as loud as the oem headphones that came with my Sansa Fuze . Bass is lacking ... but then again if you 're breathing hard and sweating , you wo n't even notice . - These headphones fit fine for my wife & I , but one of our teenagers could n't fit it right . Luckily the product comes with different size adapters , so you should be able to make this fit just about any ear . - The twisting motion takes some getting used to . When removing the headphones , make sure to twist them out instead of pulling them straight out . You risk losing one of the green rubber pieces this way . - The cord is shipped in a circle . And for some reason , it will not lose this shape ... and therefore it loves to tangle itself . Especially with the clothing clip and the extra ` horns ` the headphones have , there 's a lot of places to snag . You could spend a minute or two untangling the headphones before usage .
 These supply very nice sound . They stay put in my ears while running , working out , rock climbing . Any physical activity is welcome using these units . The bass could be improved , but it all varies on the shape and size of your ear too . Overall , these are the best buds you can get if your not sitting on your butt and getting OUT there !!
 These were just what I needed for outdoor activities . I 've gone through my share of earbuds that do n't stay in while on the go . These do so far . Hard to beat for the money . I have more expensive earphones for travel that sound better but I really have no complaints regarding the function and sound of these . I would have preferred black or white vs green . Function over fashion is my preference anyway .
 Have n't had a chance to try these out other than walking . But the fit is far superior to the cheapos that came with my Ipod . And far better than the ` upgraded ' set I bought from Staples . Certainly the best I have used , but can not compare it to the higher end stuff as I have n't used those . Sound is very good . Fit is exceptional .
 I bought these to replace the terrible earbuds that came with my iPod specifically for use at the gym . The Apple earbuds would constantly fall out of my ears and the sound quality left alot to be desired . I did n't feel the need to spend ~ $ 100 or so for headphones for the gym , so I decided to give these a try after reading some favorable reviews here and on CNet . First , let me say that the earbud style might not be for everyone . The earbuds are a little on the larger side . Fortunately , Sennheiser makes other styles of basically the same headphone that may work better for you -LRB- look up the PMX , OMX , and LX 70s -RRB- . The earbuds are n't meant to go in your ear canal like some earbuds are , they 're meant to make a seal against your outer ear . It takes some trial and error the first few times you use them to get it right and it 'll be awkward at first , but once you get the hang of it it 's easy to know if they 're in right . They also give you 5 sets of interchangeable pads for both the earphones and the top nub that helps hold it place in your ear . Again , it 's trial and error to see what works best for you , but you 'll eventually find one that works and feels great . And once you do you wo n't have to ever worry about them falling out , even if they get sweaty during your workout . As far as sound quality , this is a very balanced headphone . Unlike some , these do n't have as much ear ticking bass , but it 's definitely more than adequate -LRB- quite a bit in fact -RRB- and it 's very clean - not boomy at all . The highs are especially bright and vocals are very clear . In short they sound great , especially for what you 're paying for them . There 's also some tradeoff with the sport line as they 're supposed to be water and sweat resistant . If you do n't need that , look at some of the other models they have like the MX90 or MX95 . As long as you 're wearing these headphones correctly and they 're properly sealed you definitely wo n't be disappointed with how they sound , especially if you 're coming from the Apple earbuds or another cheap pair . I only have one minor beef ... the cord constantly wants to coil up when I 'm wearing them and that sometimes gets in the way when you 're working out . However , mine are still relatively new and they may still be straightening out . Like my headline says , you really ca n't go wrong with these for around $ 30 .
 I always have a hard time finding earphone that work for me . I wear glasses so I can only use ear buds ; but I seem to have smaller ears so it 's hard to find comfortable buds that are good quality . I was not too sure I would like this set of ear phones , it seemed to be an odd design . I was concerned they would not fit my small ears , thankfully they come with different size fittings so they are very customizable . It took a bit of fiddling - I tried all the fittings for a full workout , and eventually found a setup that works perfectly for me.They work well when I listen to loud music while working out , and equally well when I listen to books while cleaning the house . A perfect set of earbuds for me .
 I 've been on a quest for some time trying to find exercise earbuds that sound good and do n't slip out while running . I think I have finally found the pair that will get as close to that as I 'm going to get.After sizing them up -LRB- with included inserts of various sizes -RRB- , they not only fit confortably and securely , they have the fullest sound -LRB- i.e. bass -RRB- I 've encountered with exercise earbuds . Not saying they outperform my in-ear headphones , but they sound signifigantly better than all earbuds I 've tried before . In addition , they fit great . The only time I have to adjust them is when I impulsively play with them out of habit , because I 'm so used to having to push my earbuds back every 2 minutes.My quest is over!UPDATE
 These are my second pair and are great . I lost my first pair while traveling , but loved them enough to rebuy them . Great for exercising in .
 Good Headphones . Confortable as I can barely tell I am wearing them and they stay there . Sound is OK , as bass could be better . -LRB- Hence the 4 stars -RRB- Seems to depend on how I position the headphones . Wire stays out of the way with included clip , and unequal wire length allowing to wear on the neck . I prefer this style to the plugs that fit inside the ear . I can still carry a conversation with these .
 Ordered these for my husband to use on the treadmill . He loves them . They fit nicely and do n't slip when running .
 i finally found a pair of earphones that wont fall out while i 'm doing cardio . they twist into your ear and fit snug . they REALLY do work .
 Drives me nuts when people review things they clearly dont understand . These are the best earbuds I have ever had . They are really designed for athletes ... one earbud cord is longer so you can wrap it behind your head and keep it from being all in your space in the front of you . It does have a long cord , for me this is great becasue i can put it behind my head and down my back UNDER my shirt , its like there is no cord at all , which , as a runner , is awesome . They fit so perfectly in my ear , they dont bounce around , the sound quality is good - I five star these all the way ! I am really clumsy with stuff and i stepped on one pair , broke them , and lost another - hence , ordering my third pair - they are that good .
 Headphones are headphones to me . I ca n't usually tell the difference in sound between expensive & cheap , but for the life of me I ca n't keep most earphones in my ear . I 've tried over the ear clips , and a half dozen pair that promise to conform to the inside of the ear for a super tight fit . They all fall our when I run or even sweat a little . I saw a lot of people complain bout soreness after wearing these for a while . There is a little getting used to with any new piece of equipment . I would recommend playing with the different sizes to get one that keeps the phones in your ear without hurting .
 The base can be a little more , but the sound is smooth coming out - though I 'm not a sound technician . However , they are not inner ear or over the ear headphones so you ca n't expect perfect sound anyways . It 's a good compermise between function and saftey when your outside.They fit `` my ears '' fine -LRB- but I do n't know about yours -RRB- and I have done some sprinting and they did n't need to be adjusted . I 've run about 100 miles so far.Cord Problem ? Well , some people complain about the cord because they do n't know how to figure it out . Yes , one cord is longer than the other , but it 's best that way when you ATTACH THE CLIP TO YOUR SHIRT COLLAR BEHIND THE EAR THAT HAS THE SHORTER CORD . THE SHORTER CORD GOES ON THE SIDE YOUR MP3 PLAYER IS ON . The cord is long so you can plug it in at the gym and watch TV . Otherwise , wrap it around your armband a few times to shorten it up .
 I bought these headphones for working out at the gym . I love them . They stay in my ears even when I 'm jogging . The rubber coating on the ear pieces is comfortable and there are many adaptors covers to get a perfect fit . The sound is good , although , obviously not as good as if you had full coverings over the ears . The quality of sound is excellent and the bass is nice and full . The bright green is sporty . I like how lightweight they feel . The wires coil up but a little clip helps you to hold the excess wire how you want it . I am so happy I got these earphones !
 I do n't usually bother to write a review , but for these I will . I have gone through several pairs of headphones . Sport headphones , earbuds , etc and these REALLY stay in , through any run you can imagine . I have done speedwork , long runs , trails , roads , etc in them . They do not move , or fall out , no matter how much sweat they come into contact with . They are so still once you have them in that sometimes I forget they are on if I am really focused on a run.Awesome , a great gift for your running friend -LRB- or yourself -RRB- if you do n't already have them .
 people who claim not to `` get '' the twist to fit use of these plugs admit it
 These headphones are the best for runnning I have found yet . They simply do not fall out , ever ! Just what I was looking for !
 I had no problem fitting my ear . I know other users had trouble but I just took them out of the box and put them in , no problem . Sound is great and they have n't fallen out once during use . I use them for running . The only problem I would say is the cord does curl up on you if you store them in the carrying case . I just let them hang on the wall , this prevents them from coiling . Also , one earpiece cord is much longer than the other one , not just the normal difference , much longer .
 I am very happy with the Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport Headphones ! Thery easily fit into my ear and stayed put ! For the first time I can actually work out without having to adjust my headphones ! I 've used other ear bud type headphones , and the MX75 headphones are a free and clear winner for the price and quality ! Buy them with confidence . I have not experienced a problem at all . If I could change one thing , I would make the individual wires of the earpieces equal in length .
 The headphones live up to the billing , as far as staying in your ears . Far superior to the ones my iPod came with , or the Apple earbuds . The one drawback to the MX75 is that the various adjustable rubber disks , which are used to fine tune the earbuds to the size and shape of your ear , tend to come off of the headphones and get lost . I 've already lost both of the spongey disks for the actual speakers , and now have to use the rubber rings instead .
 As an avid fitness buff I 've tried every earbud out there and the mx75 's are by far the best for working out in . Great for running , lifting and anything else at your local gym . These buds will not fall out ! Great sound too and they 're waterproof for those that sweat alot . I highly recommend these .
 Everything I wanted . I was a bit nervous at first about the color and the `` twist-in '' thing sounded scary but it definitely worked out and I am so happy I bought these . The product is really easy to use and honestly , those buds never leave my ears when I 'm working out . I could be running 10mpg on a treadmill and do n't have to worry about a thing .
 I purchased as a gift for husband and of course it was the one he did not want . These are EXCELLENT headphones and well worth the money . The Seller did a great job of helping me return the item and refunding my money . Very honest seller and has great products to offer .
 I am a life-long jogger and looked and looked for ear phones that were comfortable and would stay in my ears . These are the best earphones for jogging and they also sound great and are water proof . They are great .
 i went through 4 pairs of headphones before getting these . all of the others had trouble staying in my ears while working out , especially when running . THESE HEADPHONES STAY IN WHILE RUNNING . if you are looking for a pair of running headphones , buy these , i 'm not a huge fan of the color but for half the price of the new twist-to-fit sennheiser model i 'll take them . would definitely buy again , great design .
 I 've owned two of the same pair . My first set had lasted for close to two years but they were used and abused ! Worn them pretty much every day and they were great!Highly recommend them for any outdoor activity . You just need to fidget with the ear pieces to suit your needs . After wearing them once or twice they will become much more comfortable.The sound quality is good but nothing special . I 've had the latest edition MX-85 but these sound just as good ! Really no reason to spend more money on the latest model when these are exactly the same ; and cheaper.Overall , great product for any use .
 These are by far the best headphones I have had in the $ 50 range ... even relative to some of the $ 100 headphones I have purchased . They have an excellent fit , excellent sound quality that you would expect from Sennheiser , and they do n't fall out like most other in-ear sets.I wear them at the office and at the gym , and they are a perfect set for both places . However , I would STRONGLY recommend putting on the foam earpiece covers for office use . My building must be the static electricity capital of the world , and the metal shield over the speakers on these headphones will kill your ears if you move your feet around under your desk with only the rubber earpiece covers on . Ask me how I know this !
 I just love them , they stay put in my ears . I love the sound .
 Sennheiser MX75 is a nice deal for the money . Price is reasonable . Quality is a lot better than than basic earphones . Good compromise between cost and quality .
 I have an iPod photo , and had been using a nice set of Panasonic earbuds . They had great response and range for earbuds . These Sennheisers are a significant improvement.-Similar range and response , from what my amateur ear can tell.-Way better fit in my ears , so the sound from the earbud is much more effective . I can listen in the same environment as before -LRB- whether outside running or inside on noisy rowing machine -RRB- with volume set significantly lower.-Plug fits much more securely in the iPod , so I get far fewer `` pause '' interuptions than I used to get when the Panasonic 's plug would slip a bit in the iPod . I do n't know if this is an iPod quirk or a Panasonic earbud quirk , but it was a problem . Now problem solved.Two minor drawbacks to the Sennheisers : - that green is bright and , to me , ugly . Does n't bother me much what I look like working out , though . - the cord is long , and splits into uneven cords running to the earpieces . It 's longer than it needs to be , and flops a bit . Not very annoying .
 This is 2nd seinheiser item I have bought from amazon after wireless headphone and so far my experience has been amazing with this outstanding product . This earphone gives me equal performance at both min and max sound level . They comfortably fit in my ear . One drawaback -LRB- which is not there in my case -RRB- may be that it may not fit people with smaller ear . I am using it as a replacement for my mp3 earphone which used to supress some high frequencies . I would suggest users to fit the earphones in ear properly to get optimum output .
 I just received these headphones yesterday and I have had two very successful runs with them . I love these headphones !! They stay put and I hardly feel them . I love the clip to hold the cord in place . They also work very well with my bike helmet . I love them - worth every dollar .
 I bought these headphones in December 2007 and use them at the gym and for running . They are great - the fit allows just enough street noise to be congizant of my surroundings , but not enough that I have to keep my iPod volume at its highest setting . The audio quality is better than my high-end Ultimate Ears headphones that I use for travel and commuting on Chicago 's very noisy subway / elevated rail system.There are a few quirks , however : First , it takes a little while to get used to the way they affix to your ear . Luckily , Sennheiser provides ear pieces in multiple sizes for an optimal fit.Second , the ear pieces fall off and get lost easily . I use the smallest size -LRB- which they give you one extra of -RRB- and after 6 months of wear , I 've already had to order replacements -LRB- $ 6 from Sennheiser 's US web site , plus another $ 5 for shipping -RRB- . Third , clean them regularly . They do n't fit on your ears the same way that ear buds do , so the dirt hides differently and can be quite disgusting when you find it.Overall , a great set of headphones that I have never regretted purchasing .
 the price is competetive!shipping is fast!the package of the item is graceful and beautiful!it deserves the famous big brand SENNHEISER !
 Best headphones for working out ! With the versitale locking system these phones will not pop out or loose sound . The sound , first of all is excellent . A lot of bass and full sound . These headphones are far and away the best answer for the runner I have ever used or even heard of . Excellent engineering . They could charge three times the price for these .
 Having just started training for a marathon , I was looking for an earphone that would stay put while giving descent sound quality at an affordable price . While this sounds like a tall order the MX75 did a good job fitting the bill . They are fairly light weight , so they do n't bother my ears even after running an hour or so . The sound quality is descent and I will admit they stay put . They would have gotten 5 stars , but I have already lost ond of the rubber covers to the piece that twists into your outer ear . Thankfully they come with some spares .
 Bought these on a friday deal and they would be worth paying full price for !
 Great sound and they stay in my ears no matter what kind of crazy CrossFit workout of the day I am doing .
 I figured since I have been buying stuff on Amazon for years based on the reviews I read here , I figured it was about time that I contributed one.I bought the MX75s based on other 's reviews here at Amazon . I 've had these about 8 months and I really like them . I have used several different types of headphones/earbuds and could n't find any that could stand the abuse of daily workouts while not driving me crazy falling out of my ears or off my head.These things will stay in your ears . When I first saw these and people said they were secure , I thought `` Yeah , right '' , but they work well and they keep performing.The sound is good , when you take the time to get a good fit . It is n't going to wow you when you have 5 people pounding tread mills next to you , but you can hear your music which is an accomplishment . When in a quiet setting the sound is quite good.The kit that is provided to alter the fit is something you should hang onto even if the earphones fit well in the default setup . I found the fit changed over time and I was glad I had thrown the kit in the junk drawer.Some do n't like the long cord that is provided . I must admit that it can get tangled pretty easily as there is quite a bit of wire , but I like the extra wire as it allows me to put my ipod in the pocket of my shorts when I am working out with weights . This is a major benefit for me as I am allergic to neoprene and ca n't have those stretch bands wrapped around my arms.These will stand up to lots of moisture . When I am done working out , my shirt is usually dripping and these headphones have not shown ANY effects from the moisture or the salt . Pretty impressive.The MX75s are n't perfect , but for the application I bought them for they work really well . I think they are well worth the money and I would buy another pair without hesitation .
 I must admit , when I first saw these , I questioned the design and the principal . However , after wearing them and changing the way they fit in the ears several times , I found the sound amazing . There is an excellent base response for such a small driver . Also , the fit never changed with movemnent once fit was set . The fact that the price on these was dropped since they are no longer an active production product , made the price to performance hard to beat . Very cool . Keep up the good work Sennheiser .
 Reviewing specifically the Sennheiser model MX55 . Was happy to find the cord length was equal for each bud , the twist-to-fit design really works , but hurts your ears a bit at first . Might try a tiny drop of crazy glue to keep the gaskets from flying off . Sound is very good . Definitely worth the price ! Durability seems at par for the genre . Minus one star for the tangly cord & puzzle-box carrying case !
 I like these earphones , they have a bit more bass than my apple earphones , as far as running goes . for just walking around the apple earphones are pretty hard to beat for under a hundred bucks . I am happy with these and will continue to wear them . the accessories that come with tem take a few times to find the right fit but once found it is all good .
 These headphones have never fallen out after 20 + workouts . The sound is excellent , the fit is secure without being tight , and the product is more durable than any of the Sony exercise headphones . The color is annoying , but they are easy to find in your gym bag .
 The headphones have worked out very well so far . The biggest problem I 'd had in using in-ear style phones before was having them move around or slide out of position while training . This was especially true while running . I can say definitively that the MX75s are not giving me the same issue . They are comfortable and remain in place during long jogs and even interval training.One thing that has been slightly annoying is the cord . It 's a good length , comes in its own carrying case , and is designed with an offset cord to keep from placing stress on the ears . All that is very nice , but the cord itself maintains its curl from being packaged . The constant curl -LRB- like a phone cord -RRB- means that it ends up bouncing and hitting me in the neck while running . Sometimes I do n't notice , sometimes it 's annoying.Other than that , very solid . Nice to have an ear bud where I do n't have to worry about poor sound .
 I am training for a fall marathon and part of what goes with that is training in hot and humid weather . I have had numerous iPod headphones short out due to sweat . I have also shorted out a number of ipod shuffles due to the same thing . To combat sweat issues with the ipod I put my ipod shuffle in a plastic zip lock bag -LRB- Target makes a nice zip lock half baggie -RRB- pinned to my shorts and poke a hole in it for the headphones . The headphone issues has been harder to solve before I found these . These Sennheiser MX75 headphones really work . I have done 2 long runs so far and they sound good , fit secure , and have had no issues with sound quality or comfort . They also have a convenient clip that I use to attach the cord to my running singlet . I am now confident that I have a totally sweatproof setup . I picked up these for $ 26 and they are well worth it . Just ignore the ugly green color . Note they do not seem to have these at the Apple store so it looks like Amazon is the only place to find them . Give them a try you wo n't be disappointed .
 Ordered MX75 earphones on sale . Really like them-good sound , durable . I 'm pleased with this purchase .
 When I look for headphones to run with , I look for something that is cheap -LRB- since they 'll be getting drenched with sweat -RRB- , and comfortable . I 've pretty much gone with earbud headphones in the past , and it used to be that them falling out and always adjusting them was a fact of life . Not anymore.I have no problem with these falling out or moving around . The included bag of accessories is very helpful . There are soft earbud covers , and also a larger rubber shroud to replace the one that comes on the earbud already . In addition , there are six replacement discs in three different sizes for the top piece , to help accommodate different ear sizes . I 've had no problem wearing these on my long runs which easily go over 90 minutes.Sound quality certainly seems to be good , although you could say that bass is a bit lacking . Honestly , sound quality is not a factor for me when I 'm running , since the music is n't really that essential for the run . I 'm certainly not going to buy expensive headphones to have them fail.Price is definitely the main thing that got me to buy these ... . I got them at $ 7.99 with free shipping -LRB- through Prime -RRB- , and they 're currently only $ 12.99 , which is very low for headphones . The cheapest I 've ever really bought headphones is $ 6-8 , so spending a little bit more for something that I 'm going to be happier with is n't a big deal for me.I would n't recommend any other headphone over these for running , there 's simply no need . If you 're looking for something a bit fancier , check out Sennheiser 's other twist to fit headphones -LRB- such as the MX 75 -RRB-
 Ca n't comment on music listening quality , only do Audible books with an MP3 Creative V100 . These lasted almost two years of rough treatment . Agree with reviewer who complained about rubber rings coming off , was often searching the bedsheets for missing pieces , they pop right back on . Love the in-line volume control and the `` twist to fit '' . Just ordered my second pair - best value for the price .
 Great headphones for anyone who loves listening to music while working out . The Twist to Fit design keeps the headphone firmly in the ear even under the most active workout . The right headphone is longer than the left so it has the ability to wrap around your head keep the wires out of your way . The length of the overall wire is a bit longer allowing you plug into a device on a treadmill . The only complaint is that the green rubber discs that hold the headphone can come lose and get lost . Overall its a A + product .
 These headphones stay securely in the ear no matter what you 're doing . After a long while , the snug fit can make your ear a little bit sore but they 're mostly just fine for normal use .
 I have tried a half-dozen of the ear bud earphones , but none will stay in my ear . I do n't like the ones with an over-the-head band when I work out . These stay in my ears , and the sound is spectacular . Highly recommended and worth the extra bones . If you have given up on keeping ear buds in your ear and you like good sound , jump on these !
 So far no issues with these at all . Bought these for the daughter that has a knack for destroying or losing headsets she uses with her Sansa E280 . She likes them enough that she is being very cognizant of where they are and not leaving them . And so far she has n't found a way to damage them either . Of course part of that could be that she had to pay 50 % of the cost out of the money she makes dog sitting/walking etc and she was told if she needs another set it 's entirely out of her pocket .
 I was looking for a set of ear buds that would stay in my ears while exercising and doing some outdoor activities . After reading the reviews here , and else where , I was somewhat apprehensive about the cords for the Sennheiser MX75 , but took the plunge . They do stay in my ears -LRB- as advertised -RRB- and produce some of the nicest , clearest sound I 've hear from any ear bud on market . However , the cord is less than desirable . It constantly tangles and feels awkward because of the short cord on the left side . That said - I 'd buy them again because of the performance , and they do stay in your ears .
 Great headphones . I hit the gym a lot and the special feature of these headphones is the `` twist '' feature which keeps the speakers in your ears despite the twists and bumps that would knock other headphones off your head .
 These headphones are just as everyone has said ... excellent . It just takes a while to go through all the combinations of ear pieces to determine your best fit . Unfortunately I have one ear that none of the pieces fits well , so my wife uses them and LOVES them . I think I am the exception to the rule , and that most folks can find a good fit with the pieces provided .
 I purchased the headphones for myself and really enjoyed them . As a matter of fact I am using them right now ! My wife stole them for her workout because they stay in the ear so well . I was so tired of having to retrieve them that I purchased a set for her ! Final input , if you are using these for sport and workout you wo n't be disappointed .
 I guess I have sensitive ears because normal earphones always seem to physically hurt my ears -LRB- not because of the sound , because of the fit -RRB- . I 've been searching for the perfect , comfortable and non-bulky headphones to use at the gym . This is the closest I 've come to finding them so far . The way they fit into your ears is hard to explain but here goes ... They use a unique twist system and two `` plugs '' on each side to fit into your ear as well as over another ridge in your ear so that they hold in tightly . Sounds uncomfortable but really it 's not ! They come with several different sizes so that no matter how big or small your ears are -LRB- unless your nickname is Dumbo -RRB- they are bound to fit . The sound is great and the crazy neon green actually matches my gym bag and my gym shoes . Though they are pretty comfortable they are not the ULTIMATE in comfort that I 've been in search of for years . I am happier with these than I 've been with any others though -LRB- and I 've gone through quite a few pairs that did n't make it a week before being retired due to discomfort -RRB- so until I find the holy grail in comfortable headphones I 'm very happy with these !
 Love , love , love these headphones . Every other headphone I 've tried eventually slips , falls out , or I constantly have to push them in while I run . These headphones rock ! No movement and great sound . I just ran a 5K and 10k race an loved tham all the way . No fussing with headphones for me .
 The sound quality is good but you ca n't beat a pair of headphones designed to not fall out during a jog . I do a decent amount of trail running and had always struggled to find good headphones in the past . These are great for working out !
 They took a while to get use to so take your time trying the different size ear pieces that come with the headphones . Best pair I 've found for running . The right bud has a longer cord than the left which took a while to get use to . Once you get them set up they are no problem .
 These are the first headphones to actually stay in my ear the way they should while I 'm running or working out . They take a little getting used to and you may have to play around with the different sized discs to see which work best together with your ear . They can be slightly uncomfortable at first but you get used to them and for me it 's a fair trade off for having headphones stay in my ear and not have to mess with them or wipe the sweat off in the middle of running .
 I bought these after trying several other styles and brands of headphones for running , and the rest either fell out of my ears or were extremely uncomfortable . These really do stay in your ear no matter how sweaty you get . I really had no trouble finding the right attachments to make them fit my ear - took about 3 minutes . They are a bit strange with the asymmetrical cord , but it just goes behind the head . The cord does curl up , however the alligator clip keeps it in place so it 's not tugging on your ears . The case that it comes with also holds my iPod shuffle so it 's all in one place . I 'm very happy with my purchase . Well worth the price
 Love them !!! WOnderfully made , as all Sennheiser seems to be . So much fun , great color choices . Gave as a gift as well as own my , er , own . -LSB- . . -RSB-
 Amazing headphones for the price !! First day I got them , I went on a 5k run and they did n't budge - very good entry level headphones and I highly recommend them to all runners . Ca n't beat their price to quality ratio !!
 I 've had my Grinch Green Sennheiser earbuds for a few years now and I think they 're great or as great as earbuds can be . The color is funky and the sound is okay , but they do n't move and that 's what I love about them . I need my music when I 'm running and these stay put . They 're starting to show their age as I 've lost one of the little green pads that fits in the crook of the ear , so now I 'm left with a stub above the speaker which is n't very comfortable and not as secure . The plastic piece that holds the jack is starting to loosen so that I have to actually hold the end of the jack when I 'm pulling it out of a device so as not to pull off its plastic sleeve . The one major complaint I have , which I 've read in other reviews , is that the wires are so thin that they 're constantly getting tangled . No matter how careful I am when I store them away , they always come out with at least one knot . I 've seen other headphones & earbuds with a little plastic thing that slides along the wires bringing them together at the top to prevent knots and I have no idea why Sennheiser does n't add this thingamajig . They 'd be close to perfect at that point . As for comfort , I 've gotten used to them . I find that they 're not uncomfortable while in the ear , but if I 'm been wearing them for a while and then go to take them off , THAT 'S when I feel slight discomfort that goes away in seconds . Overall , great earbuds and I 'll be buying a new pair very soon .
 Ok simply it 's what I wanted.It never falls from your ears even while jumping or running and it doesnt go inside the ear canal or covering your ear making it sweaty or even around the ear . this is the best design . the sound quality is amazing . and it looks expensive.those are my earphones . :-RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB- -RRB-
 I have bought these headphones for as long as I can remember . They usually last me about two years but their value was proven to me when I was a janitor at a vitamin company . I was a janitor and I usually came home caked with all sorts of crud . These sound great , look decent , but that ` twist-to-fit/lock '' design is awesome ! They are really hard to jostle loose , which is great when I go on bike rides . I use these pretty much everyday when I bike to and from work and or class and they perform . I am about to go onto the two year mark , and my current pair will definitely need replacing in a bit . The biggest downside is due to the waterproof outer wire coating . It is waterproof , but it seems every single pair I 've owned -LRB- Which is now up to four , soon to be five -RRB- seems to strip straight down the middle . I just use a little bit of packing tape and look dorky for my music . Overall , If found on the cheap , or under 50 bucks , snag em . They are awesome . I hope Amazon sells them again soon .
 I almost use these exclusively for running , and they are worth the 20 dollar price tag -LRB- purchased late summer ' 09 -RRB- . The sound quality is intense . Everything works as intended.The head phones stay in relatively well , although I could see these not fitting in some people 's ears like a wrestler with cauliflower ear or any other weird misshapen ear . I initially thought I would have trouble fitting them into my ears but you just twist them until they are reinforced by the auricle . I ran with them for 30 minutes and although they did n't hurt while I was running , after I removed them I noticed they had created some SLIGHT soreness . Maybe I did n't notice the pain while running because I rock out so hard or perhaps the endorphins were enough to nullify it . It was barely worth mentioning though , but I could see these not staying in my ear for some 2 + hour flight or any other prolonged music experience . It 's no biggie though and not the reason for 4/5 stars.As far as sweat entering the earbud and creating that horrible submerged sound , I find that it happens but not as quickly as a previous headset I owned . Also , as the buds became more soaked , I felt them start to give way to the rhythmic bouncing of my run . I also have a shaved head so my sweat has no hair to trap it , and I sweat profusely . I use a headband to prevent all these tiny hangups . I suggest you do the same if you are that serious about fitness . The major hang up IMO is that the cord on this thing is thin and flimsy and tends to curl . I find myself untangling these babies for 1-2 minutes before running , no joke.All things considered , they are replacing some older headset that I bought about 8 years ago that is now extinct . These are reasonably better and I only bought these with the intention of running because that is clearly the intended purpose of the model . Need some good earbuds for running ? Buy These .
 These are by far the best headphones I 've been able to find for running . I was training for my first 10 mile run last summer and my headphones would not stay in my ears . Once you put these headphones in , they stay in place and do not move . You never have to adjust them . There are different size ear pieces so that you can find one that fits the shape of your ears . The sound quality was more than adequate . I would highly recommend these for anyone that needs some good quality headphones that stay in place ! The only minor problem is that if you have them in for a long time -LRB- over an hour -RRB- they sometimes start to hurt a little . Even with that in mind , I would still give them 5 stars !
 My biggest purchase factors in purchasing work-out headphones were the ability to stay in my ear during a treadmill/outside run , and the ability to avoid water damage because i sweat a lot.Once the twist-to-fit headphones go into your ear they will not come out until u want them to , this is at the sacrifice of some extended use comfort . As long as you are n't using them for 3 + hours at a time you should be fine . Also there are plenty of adjustment accessories to help them fit perfectly for you.They are also very resistant to water/sweat damage . I have run in them countless times and they are fine . In fact they have accidentally gone thru a full wash with my laundry and came out working perfectly fine.Cons : - Sometimes the bright green is a little too much-The non-symmetrical cord gets annoying at times . The right headphone wire is longer , the idea is to loop them behind your head , but sometimes the wires will tend to stay to one side and that can be bothersome.-Also they dont get as loud as i like them to
 I absolutley LOVE these headphones . I have tried 3 different styles of headphones before I finally found these and could n't be more pleased . Used them this weekend for a 7 mile run , great sound , stayed in place , and were very comfortable . I would definitely buy these again . One note , my daughter has smaller ears and was not able to get a good fit with her ear shape . All in all very happy !!
 i 've searched far and wide for sturdy , inexpensive headphones that sound decent . one day , my good friend told me to have a look at these . whoa ! these are them!i 'm a daily urban cyclist -- i turn my head to look over my shoulder repeatedly , and i also sweat . as such , most inexpensive in-ear headphones pop out of my left ear at a rate of about once every 3 minutes , which is infuriating . but these buds solve that in a big way . in fact , as a test , i short-corded the left side with a zip-tie so that it would HAVE to come out of my ear when i turned over my shoulder , and instead , it held at the ear and pulled the jack out of my ipod instead . WHOA.sennheiser makes it easy to customize these buds to your specific ear shape -- they have two choices of size for the rubber seal that goes around the actual speaker body -LRB- in your ear canal -RRB- , and three choices of size for the additional rubber nub that fits into the ridge of your ear 's cartilage -LRB- the part proprietary to these buds -- the `` twist-in '' part -RRB- , and all those customizations are easy to accomplish . but just in case you 're not good with your hands , there 's easy-to-understand printed instructions for you.it 's also very cool that they come with a small pouch in which to keep the buds and all the extra bits.there 's only two things about this product that did n't completely exceed my expectations.CORD ... not only is the cord 's coating some sort of rubber that never straightens out , but you ca n't bind it on itself . this is likely my own personal thing , but i like to wrap any extra cord around itself and tie it so that there 's no extra bits flapping in the wind . and the coating on this product 's cord is too `` slippery '' or something -- it wo n't bind to itself.VOLUME SLIDER ... this may also be just on me , but i do n't want a volume slider on my headphone cord . it 's big and clunky , it keeps the cord from being easily managed . also , i use a corded ipod remote , so i already have a volume control exposed , and it includes track skip buttons and play/pause , too . so this is just redundant.but listen , the stuff about these that does n't work for me is my own particular OCD stuff -- these buds are a win all around , and TOTALLY inexpensive for all the benefits they give you.WIN .
 great , arrived on time , works just as advertised , have not had any problems with the earbuds falling out of my ears once i figured out the right size ear pads .
 These buds stay in place really well during a long jog . The sound quality is n't a good as the Sennheiser Noise Canceling ear buds , but if you 're only planning to use these for high impact workouts , they 're the right tool for the job . My only complaint is that the cord is very prone to tangling .
 Great headphones for stability . First time I have been able to go running without them falling out . Lost some volume with how they are positioned but not much . Overall very happy with these .
 I have bought one month ago and I am really happy . It 's really comfortable and the quality is excellent . There is just one drawback the maximum volume is not so loud .
 AWESOME EARPHONES !!! So i was earphone shopping for sometime and luckily stumbled upon these . I do a lot of cardio and my main concern is keeping them in my ear . The problem was that half way into my workout , the sweat would run down into my ears and cause the earphones to slip right out . If your a runner it gets much worse . Most of your time is spent adjusting to keep em in your ear !!! Well fear no more , these Sennheiser 's are great . that little nub at the top is what makes the magic happen . That twist to fit feature keeps em firmly in w no problem whatsoever . Ive been through apple earphones , earbuds , philips , sony , and even nikes . They all suffer from the same problem where these stand alone . Not to mention they 're such a bargain . I would 've paid twice or even three times the price if i knew they 'd work this good . Ive workout for over 2 hrs straight and they never come out once.Some downsides
 I went through at least four pairs of headphones -- all of which either broke or did not stay in while exercising -- before finally finding these . They stay in your ear and can handle sweat , and the sound is great ! Highly recommended !!
 these things are great . great sound , comfort , quality . If you have any problems with the bass not sounding deep enough , thats because they 're not fitted in your ear properly . These are a must have if you intend to use them while you exercise .
 First , let me say that I love these headphones . I 'm a runner , and these fit in my ears and stay there . I 'm not an audiophile , but I think the sound is good and clear . I can usually hear loud noise , or if I turn down the volume , normal levels of sound . This is ok , as I want to be aware of my surroundings.There are only 2 problems that keep me from giving this a 5-star rating . 1 -RRB- The cord is a bit stiff , and tends to keep the coil shape when I unwind it to listen to my iPod . Not a biggie , just a minor annoyance . 2 -RRB- The rubber disc pieces that hold the ear buds in place tend to pop off , usually when pulling the headphones out of a pocket . They catch either the headphone wire or snag on clothing , and POOF , they 're gone . The headphones come with a set of variously sized discs , but once I 'd lost the size that worked well with my ears , I 've had to use smaller discs that do n't keep the earbuds in place as well . I 've also had no luck in finding where to get spare discs on-line . I 've had mine for 3 months now , and they still work well , given the abuse the cord gets while running .
 For the most part , these stay put . I need to retwist/readjust them each 4 miles or so but I 'd say that 's a very minor thing . The bass is only really good when they are twisted and pushed as far into my ear as possible , where of course they wo n't stay while running . Overall , I am happy with my purchase but I ca n't comment on the durability yet .
 so far I am very satisfied with this earphones - although I have not used them that much so far . The only thing is that one of the covers is a little loose ... I really like the volume control function
 comfortable fit seem to stay in Good sound quality for price2 complaints
 I purchased these headphones to use when running . I did n't like how my other headphones would fall out of my ears while running . These headphones have a well designed twist feature that allows the headphones to stay in place . What I did n't expect was that the sound would be so amazing . Music sounds so much better with these headphones .
 These headphone stay in place and do not slip while you run . However the Sports version includes a clip which helps eliminate the sometimes ` thud ' you hear when the wires bump against you .
 Have been very happy with product for the 9 months that I have had them . Good sound quality and durability . However , the ear adapter pieces easily come off the earphones . Have lost 3 pieces , which are the right size for my ear and ca n't find a retailer who sells replacement parts . Be careful with the handling and storage of these earphones .
 I have tried many earphones for working out . I have somewhat smaller ears and they earphones usually fall out after a few minutes . These do not . They are the best earphones I 've had for working out.The only complaints I have -LRB- granted I only had them for about 2 weeks -RRB- , is 1 . the cord is abnormally long -LRB- I left part of it still rolled and tuck it into my ipod case -RRB- . 2 . I am not a huge fan of having the cord around the back of my neck . The volume control is ok , but i find a little distracting when running . 3 . It DOES NOT block out ambient sound if -LRB- especially if you have small ears -RRB- . But these are all minor complaints and I am overall happy with the earphones.The positives
 These are meant for athletes , and with that in mind , they 're great . They really are very comfortable , especially when you attach the properly-sized adapters -LRB- which are included -RRB- . They feel very secure and I 'm confident that they wo n't fall out.No , the audio quality is not the best . I compared them to Apple 's new in-ear headphones -LRB- which , by the way , are AMAZING in terms of audio quality -RRB- , and the Sennheiser 's bass response is noticeably weak . But the point is that Apple 's headphones -- while I love them -- are awful to go jogging with.Again , these are made for athletics , and in that regard they perform wonderfully . Also , the carrying case is cool .
 Just about to order my second pair , after using my first pair for over 4 years of VERY consistent running . As noted , they simply stay in your ears . Sweat does n't seem to affect them , as it was the plug and wire that finally failed on my pair . They sound fine - I ca n't really say I 'm looking for concert quality when I 'm running , and was never disappointed . Like I said , I 'm coming back for a second pair - did n't even look for other options ! Your iPod/Nike chip pops right into the magnetically-closed case too , which is a plus for traveling - it 's all in one place !
 These Stereo Twist-To-Fit-In-Ear headphones are FANTASTIC ! I have spent more on other brands with not the ability to walk the track without them falling out . These should have come out long before ... I LOVE THEM !
 As you would expect from Sennheiser , a well-respected name in audio , these are a significant upgrade from any listening device that are packaged with today 's iPod/Zune/whatever players . They wo n't hold up against top of the line earphones , of course . But for the money , most people will be pleased with the sound improvement that they experience . The cable is plenty long . I can drop my player in my pants pocket and with the earphones in my ears have ample slack remaining in the cable . Do n't be misled by the `` In-Ear '' part of the name . They seat at the entrance to the ear canals , not into the canals . As long as I am not too energetic , they remain seated in my ears . But enthusiastic exercise/activity over 20-30 minutes require snugging them back into place for optimum sound . Of course , with ears shaped differently from mine , your mileage may vary .
 I have tried a lot of headphones for the gym and for running and these are some of the better ones I have found . They take a little getting use and a little work sizing to fit your ears but once you figure out how to place them , they are n't coming out . They are surprisingly comfortable and sound great too . Definitely recommend !
 The sound quality is nice . They stay in your ears while running . The only problem is they tend to degrade and break quickly . They were cheap though and I 'm generally satisfied with them .
 The product does what it claims - it fits securely into my ear and does n't come loose when exercising . For some reason I have to turn the volume all the way up on my ipod to hear the music adequately , compared to the standard ipod earbuds , but that 's OK - I can do that .
 I ordered the street headphones b/c I did n't like the green sport version . Overall these are great while working out and running . They are way more secure than the Apple ear buds . The first couple of times wearing them , they kinda hurt my ears , but after getting used to them - no problems . Sound quality is good too .
 These entry level Sennheiser earbuds have excellent sound quality for the price . I was a bit skeptical ; I 'm familiar with some of Sennheiser 's higher end products , but thought I 'd take a chance on these to use with my MP3 player . I was n't disappointed - these earbuds sound better than anything else in this price class . Also , as other reviewers have noted , they are designed very well and stay in your ears . Highly recommended .
 Generally , as a rule , I do n't write reviews for items I purchased on-line . However , I have been so impressed with these headphones that I felt it necessary to pass on my experience with them . If you 're not looking to spend a couple hundred bucks on a set of good phones , give these a chance . For about 40 bucks you get great sound and they will actualy stay in place in your ear while running.I was cautious at first when I put them on and went out for a long run but I was pleasantly surprised . I usually alternate my speeds during a run and run pretty fast and hard intermittently for about 5 miles on average . These phones not only did n't move , I stopped noticing they were there after a while . It was like a soundtrack in my head with crystal clear stereo sound-like a movie if your life could have a soundtrack , these phones can give you that illusion . Just make sure you find the right fitting grommets to adjust to your ear size . You 'll luv 'em !
 We 'll start with the good , seeing as I am giving four stars ; nice mid-tones and trebles for miniature headphones . Also , if you have very big ears as I do , you 're going to have some difficulty finding earbuds that will stay in your ears as securely as these do , and so this style of design may be your only bet if you want earbuds rather than in-ear phones . I needed both the large earbud rubber and the large outer ear disc even to fit these . My reason for buying them was that Apple 's own phones , though really quite good , did n't stay in my ears securely enough when I was moving around because the cartilage in my ear does n't close tightly enough around at the bottom.Flaws -- the big one is the offset cable . It puts all the strain on the left ear , while the line to the right is too long even when draped around the back of your neck as the manufacturer apparently intended . Also , the outer ear disc should really point in the other direction for comfort ; these are n't as comfortable in the ear as basic earbuds , though they do stay in well . If you leave phones in your ears for hours at a time , you may want to consider something else.Depending on user preference , some may feel these have inadequate bass . If your ears hold the Apple earbuds tightly , you will probably find they have more bass than these do . However , for me these have a fuller sound because they are held securely against my ear . Personally I think it is a good compromise.Value for money -- right on at the $ 30 I paid . Just another contender at $ 42 . .
 I have n't read all of the reviews for this because it would be a little bit insane.I have had these headphones for about 2 + years now , the truth is that I do n't even remember when I bought them , I know it was for one of my bdays , so for sure it has been at least TWO YEARS but it could be more.First off , let me say that I am not an `` abuser '' of headphones , but if your definition of abuse is stomp and treat your headphones badly then I hope you find some headphones out there for you -LRB- there has to be some ... at least they should make them -RRB- . I also moderately exercise but should say that I wear my headphones EVERYWHERE , I am one of those types of people who NEED music constantly to drown out either STREET NOISE or people-noise , I rode the bus for a year -LRB- two connecting buses back and forth from my house to go to college in downtown Denver -RRB- and I walked to and from classes that were on opposite ends of campus . With that out of the way let me describe what I HAVE done to these : - Put them in my pocket -LRB- almost all of the time -RRB- as well as my messenger bag -LRB- I 'm female but I am not a girly girl -RRB- . They DO coil , but I will include a costumer picture on how I kept them from uncoiling too bad -LRB- this does n't let me link to pictures -RRB- . - I have ran/walked with them , outside , inside on the treadmill , and in different weather , snow/cold , and summer heat -LRB- CO -RRB- . I say this because they are very sweat resistant compared to all the other headphones/earphones/earbuds I have tried . - After two years , you would think these things would fail , but the sound is STILL unparallel to any other headphones I have tried , including these : Sennheiser OMX50 Street Line Flexible Stereo Clip-On Earphones ; on that note these made my ears have zits/bumps that hurt , but maybe it 's just my ears.To be more precise : - The protection where the cable ends and the plug-in connector begins does unstick , but that only happened to me 1.5 yrs after I bought them , I simply force it together and it sticks back up -LRB- I think either superglue or tacky glue should work on them however -RRB- . - I lost one of the small cushions on my right earphone , for the life of me I can not find the extra ones , and even then the things still WORK , and the sound is good . - I have n't experienced ANY tears on the wire-covering , none , whatsoever , and maybe it 's just how I TAKE CARE of them , but it 's not EXTREME in any way , at all -LRB- I do n't treat them like I treat my mp3 player -RRB- . - I have to say that it took me about three days to get used to the way these earphones fit . They did hurt for a bit because my ear was n't used to having something inside , but after that period it was like I did n't have anything on.NOTE
 It 's true that not everybody will like the fit of these Sennheiser 's . So if you have very small ear canals or just prefer an air tight fit to block out all noise , you may want to look at other options . But for this price , these are definitely great phones at a very nice price.For starters , the twist-to-fit thing definitely takes some getting used to . They include a bunch of extra gaskets and pieces so you can try to fit these to your ears , but it still takes some work to learn how to turn them correctly . The instructions are not very detailed.But once you do get used to the fit these are great as a commuter pair or for gym use . The coating on the 75s are definitely better at repelling sweat , but the 55s are probably also doable with the right adjustments.I personally love the volume control feature , but I decided against it since these are definitely entry pairs . There are add on volume controls you can buy . Since that part fails often , I would rather not have it integrated into the phone.The main cons are that these are somewhat `` hard '' even with the included foam covers . Like I said , if you have tiny ears and want a tight seal you may want a different pair . But the sound quality is very good and for the price either of these are a good pair.Enjoy .
 Frankly , this is the ONLY set of headphones which stay IN my ears when exercising . I will inevitably brush the headphone cord with my hand when stepping , cycling or running , and every other headphone pulls loose due to the tug . The MX55V was slightly uncomfortable in my ears when first purchased but feels fine now . I replaced all my other headphones with this model and am 100 % satisfied.The volume slide control is also very handy when people need to converse with you .
 The main feature of these headphones is the twist-to-fit system , which I think is great . There are different sized parts to try on your ear , and once you get the right fit , they really do stay in your ear . I sweat when running and earphones usually fall out , but not with these . The sound is also great , and there is a handy volume control on the wire to the earphones.Problems
 I went through several different brands of sport headphones before finally getting these , and these are by far the best . These are the only ones that consistently stay in my ears . They sound great too . I bought mine for $ 50 and am very pleased with the purchase , and they have held up for over a year of intense workouts at least twice a week . They do slightly hurt your ear , so it 's good to have other more comfortable earphones for when you are sitting still and not concerned about them falling out , but as far as sports headphones go - these are by far the best .
 These are great earbuds . They fit very well into your ears , and the sound quality is much better than average for earbuds . These easily beat the $ 20-40 Sony 's that most stores carry and more obviously , all of the other brands ' earbuds that cost under $ 50 . The bass is very strong , and the mids and highs/treble sound great too . The thing that these earbuds do BEST is that they NEVER FALL OUT OF YOUR EARS . More companies need to understand that . I do not like the wrap-around-ear types . Those are just annoying . This is truly an earbud , AND they 've never fallen out of my ears . They fit very securely , and it 's awesome that they are adjustable.I use these specifically at the gym . I did n't like the fact that the earbuds have a different length from their split -LRB- to get over further to the opposite ear for runners -RRB- , but I just ghetto-rigged mine with electric tape so that it now is essentially the same length . I do n't understand that feature because I use an MP3 player on my left arm , but there barely needs to be any additional slack to get the right earbud to my right ear.If you fit the following description , do yourself a favor and get these earbuds : - Active lifestyle-Want earbuds that wo n't fall out of your ears/fit snugly and securely -LRB- but not wrap-around `` earbuds '' -RRB- - Great sound qualityYou wo n't regret it !
 Sennheiser MX75 Twist-To-Fit In-Ear Stereo Sport HeadphonesI bought the Sennheiser MX75 twist-to-fit headphones and have been mostly pleased with the purchase.PRO
 I work out 4-5 days/week for the last 25 years . I 've had all types of headphones . Now that I 've found these , I wo n't go back to anything else . I am a very picky shopper and do n't give out high ratings easily but , this product is worth it.The headphones stay in your ears better than any other I 've tried and since they fit parallel to your ear drum , they also block out outside noise . They are not uncomfortable . You will not even think about them once you get them in.Sound quality is very good.The plastic coating on the cord is heavier duty than others and makes it spring back after rolled up in the case - - it wo n't eventually bend the internal wires . There is also a clip to attach to your collar so it wo n't pull on your ears.This is the best for working out of any type and everything esle . I do stretching , martial arts , weights , running , lawn work , around the house .
 I ordered these headphones after searching many different styles . I needed some to stay in my ears for running . These work great ! Neon green , who cares as long as they stay in . The thing I like most about them is you do n't have to jam them into your ear canal to get them to stay . The twist to fit locks them in without the discomfort and I like the clip for the cord . The sound quality is much better than headphones that come with the ipod and more than good enough to listen to my favorite tracks while working out . Why they decided to make one side of the cord longer than the other , I can not tell you but if you hang it behind your neck it works just fine.If you want headphones to stay in your -LRB- ears without the jam -RRB- with good sound quality , get these ... unless you really , really , hate green .
 I bought this product because the ear buds that came with my I-Pod kept coming out of my ears even if I walked . I am a runner and the other earphones that I have used -LRB- even the ones that wrapped around my ears -RRB- always came dislodged and I was constantly fixing them while I was running . I reviewed this product on Amazon and the product had great reviews . It also had a great price ... I think I paid 29.00 for them and the shipping happened to be free ! So I bought them . I am sooo happy that I did . These ear buds stay put and feel secure while I 'm running or doing whatever . The smaller piece helps the bud stay in your ear . I read where other people found this small part to be uncomfortable after a while but I have never experienced this . I say to all of you who are runners ... these are the best I 've found !! A +
 Had these for a couple of days and have to say that these are ideal for running . They fit my ears perfectly and the twist design works perfect . They are snug but not too tight and absolutely do not move whatsoever . The price was excellent -LRB- $ 17 I think -RRB- and shipment fine as always.Two cons
 Am I ever glad I purchased these . These are terrific earbuds with fantastic sound . The sound is jaw dropping and the fact that the earbuds come with optional size fitting attachments for the locking section and the sound section , allows the individual to customise the fit perfectly . I have been so impressed with these they go with me everywhere . The slide volume control is nice and smooth , so I set my volume a little high and do my final control with the slide . These are a great buy for the money and I recommend them to audiophiles of which I am one . Great sound and Great fit and Great price . You can not go wrong .
 I 've tried all kinds of earbuds , and these Sennheisers are definitely the best I 've found in terms of staying put , even with fairly vigorous activity . Sound is good , too . Unfortunately the design , which helps lock the buds in place , also put a little pressure on the ear , meaning these are not the most comfortable I 've ever used , But if you 're tired of constantly repositioning earbuds , these may work well for you .
 these buds do what they claim though they are not the most comfortable . I also would like the a slightly longer cord . the plastic trim is a bit flimsy and I had to glue a piece back on already.in the main , I 'm satisfied with the sound and with the ability of the buds to stay put in my ears while very active.amazon 's delivery very good as well .
 For some reason the typical ear buds just do n't fit my ears - I do n't know how anybody can walk or move without standard ear buds falling out . These , however , just fit and sound ok . They are comfortable and easy to use . Bass response is a bit weak , but I can live with that for the price I paid .
 As far as sound goes , I have no qualms . I 've always been a fan of Sennheisser.The twist-to-fit system makes the design sound a little more sophisticated than it actually is ... but it works.The case that comes with the headphones is excellent . It may be time consuming to use , but the care is worth it.These are not earbuds so they do n't fit inside the ear to provide maximum sound inhibition . However that may suit the user 's preference.The accessories -LRB- silver/blue casing -RRB- fall off easily . I 'd only had the headphones a week when I lost the left side casing .
 This is my second pair of headphones . I like the twist to fit feature . Often I will be listening while being active and I never worry about the headphones coming loose . The volume control is also handy when I need to interrupt what I am doing to listen and talk with someone else . The music quality is good but I have heard better . However for the price this is a good deal all around .
 These have pretty good sound , but do not block out much other sound . The twist to fit system is a little fiddly . I am still not sure that I am doing it right , but it works pretty well .
 These stay secure while running where others have failed . That said I seem to have relatively small ears -LRB- for a guy -RRB- and even on the smallest fitting its still a bit tight . Though a little uncomfortable , I eventually forget they 're there.The sound is lower middle of the pack -LRB- but definitely better then the Sony MDR-J10 which also have the problem of bouncing a little on a run -RRB- . If your just sitting at a desk or other otherwise not bouncing around , I recommend the Koss KSC75 - not an ear bud , but cheap and great sound for the price . The Koss 's just are n't for heavy activity .
 Works just how I needed it to . It fits in my ear perfectly and does n't come loose when I go running . I would recommend this as a good set of sport earphones.Beware though if you have small ears the fit may not be so good . My fiance tried them on and has smaller ears and we could not get them to fit right even by changing the fitment pieces .
 These are by far the best headphones I 've ever owned , especially for the purposes of working out . I recently bought a pair for my girlfriend because I have had mine for over a year and have had nothing but a great experience . I have a hard time getting ear buds to stay in my ears and these stay in nice and snug . The adjustable fittings are clutch . The sound is great , despite what other people say about the bass . I think they are the best sounding small headphones I 've ever had . They 're no Bose big earphones , but they 're not supposed to be . Well worth the price and a great investment . Other headphones I 've used for working out usually zap from the sweat . These do n't . A fine product of advanced German engineering .
 I am an avid runner and got my first set of these in January 2007 . I 've used them with my Ipod Nano during runs - on average a 5-7 mile combined walk/run about 4 times a week.The two major plusses
 These are great headphones . They stay in place while I am running or biking . I have tried other Sennheiser sport headphones , but none were as good as these . The only drawback is that they may pinch small ears a bit , but overall I really like them !
 Great sound quality . Earphones are very secure . The only negative about these earbuds is that they have the uneven lengths to the ear .
 I had given up on ear bud earphones , they would never stay in my ears . When I found these , I thought I 'd try them . I have other Sennheiser earphones that I like very much , the PX-100 folding earphones . These buds are to use while exercising.So , they stay in . I did n't think they would at first , but I have no problem with them . I use them cycling , so there is not really a lot of movement to jar them , but the original ipod earphones would n't stay in for more than a minute or two . These last for a 2.5 hr ride with no adjustments necessary . One of the reasons I think they stay in so well is the green silicone rubber pads which seem to resist slipping around in my ears.The sound is very good . I should mention that the bass and overall sound will vary a good bit depending upon how you fit them into your ears . I like them so well that I 'll probably just take these on trips instead of the PX-100 's . One of the wires to the earphones is longer than the other , and this is not optimal for me given how I route the wires , but its not really a problem . They are designed this way , so I suspect for some ways of routing the wires , it works much better.It also comes with a pretty nice little silicone rubber -LRB- I think -RRB- pouch that I really like having . There is really no nice way to put them into the pouch , but I find that the wires do not seem to tangle as much as other pod style earphones , like the eymtotic ones .
 Ear-bud type headphones have always felt uncomfortable to me , but that is n't the case with this pair . I use them while I 'm running or working out with my ipod . I coiled up the excess wire and fastened it with tiny zip-ties so that it is n't flopping around and getting in the way . I tuck the wire down my shirt neck , out my sleeve and into my ipod which is in a bicep band . This arrangement works really well , I 've never yanked out the ear-buds and I can do any acitivity without restriction . The ear phones sound great and come with a number of pieces so that the fit can be adjusted to the user . The set also came with a tiny aligator clip to fasten the wire to your clothes . I highly recommend these headphones .
 The headphones are very nice to see and feel and not that best in sound quality . I am very happy with this purchase -LRB- for this price -RRB- and it comes with a beautiful carry case . This ear phones fit perfectly in my ears and are very comfortable .
 This review is mostly about fit.I have owned something like 10-15 different earbuds , in a desperate attempt to find buds that fit . I tend to wear a pair of Philips wrap arounds when working out or on the bus , because they 're the smallest headphones that stay on my ears . For some reason , all of the earbud products I 've tried do n't stay in at first glance , fall out of one ear pretty quickly , and the ones that made it that long were immediately falling out as soon as I was on an elliptical . These are a whole different breed . For those who are n't familiar with `` twist to fit '' , there 's a second little nub on the ear buds . You insert the earbud with the nub facing out , and twist it back or forth until the little nub slides under a fold in your ear . From then on out , that guy is not going anywhere . I can run , I can get on the elliptical , I can ride the bus -- they stay in . Even better , I do n't have huge headphones hanging off my ears.Awesome.The sound is middling to okay . Not as good as other Sennheiser products I have , but not bad at all compared to other buds I 've tried . Certainly better than the ones Apple includes . I 'm not disappointed .
 This is the best inexpensive pair of ear buds I 've tried . They are , as advertised , very secure although they get uncomfortable over time . I wear mine for about 5-6 hours at a time . The sound quality is very good for the price . They do have to be positioned just right to get the proper sound quality . This means insert a twist , thus they get uncomfortable after a couple hours .
 It took a bit of practice to get the `` twist-in '' action going , but once in , it 's not getting loose or falling out . These headphones came with what you 'd expect -LRB- replacement ear piece , clip for your shirt , etc. -RRB- and a surprise accessory . Overall , it 's a pretty good value especially if you 're athlete . The green is a great separator if you 're trying to find it in your clutter!The only down-side is it does n't quite produce a big low bass sounds if you 're looking for that beat to keep you going .
 I bought these because I have a really hard time getting ear buds to fit my ears . They always seem to fall out at the slightest movement . So far these are working well and staying put . They could be a little more comfy but they do n't bother me too much and it 's a small compromise for having something that actually stays ! The sound is quite good as well . No complaints here .
 Second pair of these ... which is why they get 4/5 . One ear bud fell apart after about 7 months but they are worth a second shot.Fantastic for true sports training ... I ride -LRB- cycle -RRB- with these and place only one bud in my right ear ; love the alligator clip to keep line close to my jersey . Wonderful for running with the longer side to wrap ` round to the back and stay out of the way , especially when doing hills , etc.Quality sound so ya just got ta get over the color ... who cares ? Especially if you are using these for training ... might make you go faster if you do n't want to be seen with them on . Maybe Sennheiser will make a nice simple gray color . As far as the extra cord length , keep it coiled and use the twisty that comes with the package . Works nicely.I found if I twist the bud properly , they do n't hurt my ear after long usage ... but that was a bit of trial and error and then reading these reviews ! Thanks .
 I bought these to wear while running , and am really happy with them.My main focus was on fit , and I have no complaints . The twist-to-fit design really works . I 've always had problems with in-ear headphones -LRB- like the ones that come with the ipod -RRB- falling out . These stay snugly in place without even the suggestion of coming loose . Also , I wear glasses , so headphones that stay in place by looping over the ear can be a little unwieldy/uncomfortable . These solve that problem as well , because nothing has to go over your ear . All in all I am very pleased with the headphones and would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for headphones that will stay securely and comfortably in place during exercise .
 After countless pairs of headphones , finally a pair that really does stay in your ears , even when you are exercising or bike riding . And on top of that , they feel good and sound good . And they do n't get all tangled up in your bag . What more do you want from headhpones ?
 I was looking for the best earphones to exercise with
 good headphones . my only problem was the rubber pieces that your supposed to `` twist to fit in '' fall out very easily . sometimes when i take the headphones out of my pocket it has fallen off of the headphones and i find it in my pocket . they have extra ones but so far i have lost 3 of them .
 These are awesome headphones . I dont find the green color garish at all . Also the kinks in the wire dont bother at all . They help keep the wire at a manageable length.Most importantly , the sound is great . And they dont budge from the spot where they fit in the ears .
 I just received my MX55V and I am impressed . The twist to fit system creates a nice snug fit . The sound is great . While working out , one side loosens up a bit , but not to bad . Overall a good value .
 These earphones are great for what they are intended to be used for , working out . I would rate the sound quality as very good , not great , and not quite what I would expect for Sennheiser . That being said , I would still reccommend these to anyone looking for something that will stay put while working out , even while running.They do take a second to get in your ear at first , and I probably would n't recommend them to anyone with somewhat smaller ears.Bottom line , they are a great product , they will stay in place , they hold up well to abuse -LRB- bouncing around , sweat , etc. -RRB- , and they sound very good .
 I needed an inexpensive pair of replacement headphones for my ipod , so I tried these . I like them , they sound decent and the price is right . The volume control is handy and they fit my ears well . If you are looking for BIG BOTTOM sounding headphone these are not them . I use these at work , so I like headphones that do not block out the outside world . I am not a big fan of super booming bass either , I find these very clear and crisp in the high end . Good , comfortable headphones at a low cost .
 I have never had pair of earbud headphones that were comfortable and actually stayed in place - until I bought these Sennheisers ! I no longer have to adjust my headphones every 2 minutes at the gym or while running . While sticking anything in your ear will hurt after awhile , these are the most comfortable ones I 've tried . My only minor complaint is that the flexible carrying case does n't seem like it would protect the headphones all that well , but overall I am thrilled with these headphones !
 Fit excellent in my ears , the sound it 's pretty good and you can used when it 's raining , excellent product .
 I bought these earbuds because when I run , the earbuds always come out of my ears . I 've read some really great reviews on this product , and decided to give them a shot . I have n't run with them , yet , but they do fit very snuggly in the ear , and the sound is good , from what I can tell -LRB- I 'm not an audiophile , though -RRB- . Would definitely recommend or purchase as a gift .
 The headphones arrived speedily . I 'm quite satisfied with the sound reproduction and they seem to fit snug and secure . I am pleased with this purchase and appreciate the prior reviews which were accurate and helpful .
 I bought these sport model earphones for my workout in the gym . They sound great , but I do n't think my ears are designed for the twist-to-fit feature . I tried all the sizes of the adaptors that came with it without success . However , they do stay in even through strenuous workouts and do n't seem affected by sweat . They tend to hurt a little bit after more than an hour of wear for me .
 Being 6 ' 6 '' tall and 240 lbs . I have had a hard time buying ear buds that worked for me . I ran across Sennheiser MX55V while searching for yet another set of earbuds . I 'm very glad I decided to give them a try . They work great for me .
 . . But do n't expect too much as far as bass response . For that buy either on or around ear ones .
 Sennheiser MX55V is outstanding . For the price , it delivers incredible clarity in sound . My son who is a rock music freak will use nothing but premium noise-cancelling headsets was stunned to listen through the MX55V . I am buying another one now . .
 These are awesome earphones for the price . I love to use them to work out in and they never fall out . This pair is for my wife . I would recommend these to other people who are interested in a nice pair that are great for the gym ...
 They do fit and do not drop outat all ! Also like the way you can adjust the volume.Sound is great as well.A good purchase .
 Good sound , they stick in pretty good , but they do n't block out external noise very well . The other in the ear Sennheisers are a better choice for that . These do stay in pretty well , much better than the standard iPod earphones .
 I must have avg size ears because they fit great . Do n't think I 've ever worn earbuds that fit , so I bought an extra pair of these . I mainly use them for workouts so I prefer not to blast them . Rather than twist , I hooked them in but whatever , it works for me and affordable . Love the cute case it comes with as well . Nice purchase .
 Sound quality is good but what makes these great for me is the `` twist-in-the-ear '' system . They just do n't fall out of my ears when I am at the gym .
 Great pair of headphones . I was looking for something that would stay in my ear while I worked out and these fit the bill.Pro :9 different adapter combinations to it any ear.Fits snugly in the ear and does n't fall outCon : The sound quality is n't that great . They lack a little on the low end and a little on the high . Although while I am running or working out I am not in need of audiophile headphones.I would recommend the to anyone who is looking for headphones to workout with . You will not be disappointed .
 These are the first earphones that actually stay in my ears . These headphones are a great bang for the buck and they have good sound .
 I 've tried all kinds of different earphones while running , trying to find a pair that dont fall out every 1/4 mile . Every pair i 've tried has been confined to the junk drawer by God 's gift to me of smaller ears . I bought these a month ago and am happy to say that the search is over . I run three miles a day and they havent fallen out once in that month . They do feel a little uncomfortable the first time you put them on but that fades after about five minutes , especially when you realize that you havent had to break stride once to put them back in . I would recommend this for all runners and especially for people with ears shaped differently than what i guess most peoples are .
 After several months , I 'm still enjoying the good sound of these earphones . The color is irrelevant . They fit very comfortably in my ears . However , I still do n't get how to wear the long cord . Any ideas ?
 These things are great ... when I saw them I thought they pop into your ear like most earphones do , but they do n't ... that top tiny round part kind of pushes into the upper cove of your ear -LRB- you keep twisting til it comfortably fits -RRB- . This keeps the earphone from shifting or anything , but then you get away from that awful feeling of pushing something INTO your ear -LRB- which is nice ! -RRB- . It 's perfect for me , because I bought them for work , where I still want to be able to hear what 's goin on around me a bit . However if you 're tryin to block the world out , you 'll have to turn the volume up a bit . That 's not to say they do n't block outside noise , they do - just not like noise reduction headphones -LRB- which I used to use at work and got tired of because I could n't hear ANYTHING around me -RRB- .
 This is the second pair of these I have bought . They stay in your ear , but do not hurt your ear , even for 10-12 mile runs . Great sound too .
 Number 1 what I love most is that I no longer have to keep putting the ear bud back in my ear when I 'm running . My girlfriend loved them so much I had to buy her own pair so she would stop taking mine . I have had then for about 5 months now and they are very durable . I have slammed them in the car door and a few drawers more than once . Also I love the carrying case that comes with it . That too is very durable . Ca n't really think of any CONS . I know when I do research on a product I want to know the cons . Besides the headphones being a little pricey I ca n't complain . Oh yeah THEY SOUND GREAT !!!!!!
 I bought these for my wife as she has had perpetual issues with earphones falling out of her ear . Although it took her a while to get used to the twist-to-to fit technology , she now wears them with no complaints . The bass response on these earphones is quite remarkable . You get excellent sound quality as is expected Sennheiser . This are my opinions on the headphones
 I bought these in December of '08 for $ 12.99 . They 're good . When I had trouble keeping them in during a run I would just loop the wire over the top of my ear . I do n't understand why they 're listed at $ 59.99 now . I was coming back for a second pair , but not at that price .
 Great sound , powerful bass and crisp highs , waterproof , perfectly adjustable to your ear , nice set of accessories , great price -LRB- way cheaper than other online stores -RRB- . Reccomended
 I ca n't believe it took me so long to realize how icky the apple earphones were . I LOVE these Sennheiser Stereo Sport Headphones - they are AMAZING . I 've run long distances with them in the pouring rain and strong winds - they stay in place and sound great . Ca n't wait to try them out this winter , too ! They are so comfortable in my ears . I highly rec . them !!!
 As soon as I got my MP3 , I wanted to start running again and to my dismay , my headphones would not stay in my ears ! Therefore , I bought these ` twist-to-fit ' headphones & they work great . They 're hard to put into your ears at first . I needed a lot of practice to finally get them in right . There 's definitely a twisting motion that you have to master to get them securely into your ears , but once you 've got that nailed down then these headphones definitely stay in your ears . Maybe it 's just because I have small ears , but the headphones left my ears pretty sore after the first few days . If you do n't mind some achey ears for the first few days , then go for this product !
 I tried 3 different kinds of `` sports '' buds before these and nothing would stay in my ear while running . These Sennheiser MX75s are a small miracle . The buds stay perfectly positioned no matter what exercise I do . They are so comfortable that I basically do n't feel them . And the sound is really good . There 's no doubt in my that these are the way to go if you 're active .
 These are crazy . I really enjoy running with these headphones . Great fit as well as sound and also they are not that expensive . Get them and you wo n't be sorry .
 I received this as a gift , and my only use is to listen to music while running . I 've used them several times and they are the best ear buds I 've ever had for running . They stay in the ear even with aggressive running , and are not uncomfortable . I would recommend these for any activity .
 I 've tried many different types of ear buds and headphones with hooks that go over my ears , and these stay in my ears better than any of them . You know when you 're on a treadmill at a gym and you 're plugged into the console to watch TV and your arm accidentally swings into the wire ? That ALWAYS means the headphones are going to get yanked out of your ears ... except with these ! The Twist-to-fit headphones stay in . It 's awesome ! Just make sure you look at the diagram on the package to make sure you 're putting them in correctly . They 're not extremely comfortable , but that does n't bother me . The fact that I do n't always feel like they 're going to slip out when I 'm sweating at the gym more than makes up for that . If you 're looking for comfort , then use these when you 're moving/running/excercising and get another pair for sitting by the pool . I use these whether I 'm exercising or not because the comfort issue is n't a problem . I ordered two more pairs in case these break or get lost . Well worth it if you have a problem keeping regular earbuds in your ears .
 I was extremely disappointed . These are incredible sounding phones , but , they fell apart , and stopped working within 2-3 weeks . Now , to be fair , I kept them in my pocket , but they should be sturdier . Piece by piece they would disappear , until it was metal on ear , then the metal mesh fell off . Too bad , they sound incredible . Perhaps if you baby them , really baby them , they will last . If you are rough on stuff like me , steer clear .
 FIRST TO GET A REVIEW YOU SHOULD NOT HAVE YOUR CUSTOMERS GO THROUGH SO MANY STEPS IT IS A WASTE OF MY TIME . NOW FOR MY REVIEW , THE HEADPHONES GIVE GOOD SOUND FIT COMFORTABLY BUT REQUIRE A LEARNING CURVE TO FIT IN THE EAR
 I 've used almost every type of in-ear headphone made and have not found another that compares to the sound I get with these . The only one that is better is Bose but they cost 3x as much as these . You get the highs , mids , and lows with these . I now have to keep them away from my kids who grab them to use with their ipods . At this price , I told them to buy their own .
 I was a bit skeptical about these head phones i must say . I work out all the time and wanted something that did n't just magically fall out when i run . These are great and they are very comfortable despite their appeal . They sound very decent for the amount of money spent on them . I agree with other reviewers in that they bass is not amazing but it is definitely not horrible by any means . They are not noise canceling and people around you can hear your music even at only half way up . Other than that what a great buy and a great headphone .
 I have spent a lot of money on cheap and expensive earphones to work out with . The problem was they fell out of my ears when I ran . These are great ! They stay in your ears and have a great sound . Best purchase of the year for me .
 I purchased these about 2 months ago in hopes of not having to replace yet another set of earphones because of sweating . I love them ! The twist to fit feature is great . They just do n't move . I find the sound quality to be just fine and frankly the color just does n't phase me . Yeah , I might have preferred them in black but in the end , function is much more important to me . My only gripe is that the one side is so much longer than the other . I understand why , but for me I would just prefer them to be the same length . And frankly if that 's my only complaint I can live with it . I highly recommend these to all my running friends because they stay put and with all the sweating they have not shorted out . Buy them !
 I 've had so much trouble getting my iPod headphones that I got with the iPod to stay in my ears at the right angle when I 'm out walking or doing things around the house . I had purchased a couple different brands over the years but either they did n't stay in place or if they did , the sound quality was n't as good as the original . These earbuds fill the bill on both counts - they stay in place with a little twist and the sound quality is as good as my original Apple earbuds that came with the iPod . They 're also very comfortable , more so than any other earbuds I 've tried so far.So I have to say that these headphones do everything they 're advertised to do and you sure ca n't beat the price .
 They stay in great while jogging - no other earphone has worked this well . Putting them on took some getting used to but I would n't wear anything else now ! I 'm buying more for holiday gifts !
 These earphones were purchased for my son who is a runner . These are the best earphones he has ever used for running and otherwise . I read about them in running magazines and they were highly recommended and have been fabulous ! I would not buy anything else .
 After finally deciding to start running , I went out and and got an mp3 player for my workouts . Unfortunately , every time I went running , whether at the gym on a treadmill or outside , the headphones I would use would not stay in , and I would be fiddling around with my headphones rather than running . I had tried both my headphones that came with my iPod along with other fitted ear buds . No success.These Sennheisers are exactly what I needed . After reading the positive reviews here , I decided to give it a shot . They take a little bit of practice making them fit in the ear , and I had to figure out a way to put the cord so as not to get in the way , but after about a week of using them , I had a system going . And they work wonderfully!They fit perfectly . They never fall out . They work well indoors in the gym . They work perfectly outside on the trails , even on windy days.If you 're looking for the best sound quality headphones on the market , these probably are n't it . But if you a runner , or want an earbud that will fit in your ear no matter what you do , these are the choice for you !
 I was looking not only for a high quality headphone in terms of audio quality , but a secure fitting workout headphone and the Sennheiser was absolutely the answer . Each instrument is clear and distinctive , it makes my old pair of Sony headphones sound like mud . Aside from the excellent audio distinction and quality , these things are like glue in your ear . Once you find the right setup for you with the multiple sizes of adjustable ear pieces you will have the perfect headphones going . I ran for an hour , and the jostling nor the sweat affected the secureness of these phones . I can honestly not recommend these enough .
 I bought these to replace the stock buds that came with my ZEN . When I first used them I almost sent them back because they did n't sound great -LRB- for $ 50 -RRB- . Once I broke them in and fit them correctly they are actually very good . VERY clear and not base heavy . They sound great for everything from blues to metal and everything in between .
 I bought these after trying many different earbuds for running . I like these mostly because they stay put during my long runs , but they sound good too . The sound reminds me of good stereo speakers , flat without excessive emphasis on any frequency range . If I want to empasize bass or mids , I can do that on my player.The bad news is that the right side is distorted after six months , making them useless to me , but I like them so much I am purchasing another pair.Here is an update with some good news - I sent the headphones to Sennheiser USA to see if they would replace them under warranty , and they did . So now I have a backup pair . I really did not expect them to honor the two year warranty , I expected them to claim the failure was normal wear and tear . Great customer support !
 I have tried several sets of headphones that I could use with my iPod while exercising . I was underwhelmed with the sound quality of the new Apple headphones for iPods . I tried the inner ear ones , but I can hear every step I take through my ears ! These have an excellent fit and a good clear sound , all at a very reasonable price !
 Well worth the price!They do n't fall out . That was my number one priority . I 've been searching for replacement headphones for a while now . I 've finally found a pair that I 'm happy with . Huge improvement over my iPod headphones . The different length left/right wires take a little time to get used to , but are n't bothersome anymore . Personally I like the green , but some do n't . If you can look past that , I would highly recommend them ! They sound great .
 Unlike the rest of you , it seems , I do n't work out in these , I actually work in them . I work on vehicles and move around alot , I wear these in a sort of self defence to drown out the hip-hop radio stations the younger workers listen to . At home I mow and chop down trees with these phones and ear protection headsets to save my ears , I do n't have to play the music very loud at all ... These work better than any ` earbud ' design I have ever used . Your choice of headphones should be for fit and lack of distortion at the level you listen , and you should never blast headphones , they can damage your ears , the effect of which you wo n't notice for a very long time , like when you really want to hear something that is soft . or when you lay awake at night and hear ` ringing ' in your ears . These have no detectable distortion , the audio spectrum is very clear and flat ; i.e. you 'll have to emphasize bass with your device , these headphones are really flat . And they stay on . The cables are stiff because Sennheiser uses steel wires rather than softer copper , they will last quite a while if taken care of .
 I am a runner who logs about 20 miles per week and have been looking for headphones that would n't fall out of my ears during the runs . I tries Sony sport headphones with the band and they worked great for about 4 months when they stopped working in one ear . After doing quite a bit of research , I decided to purchase these headphones and have been delighted with not only the fact that they do not move in my ears , but they sound great with my Ipod . The way they fit in the ear takes a bit of getting used to , and the cord is a bit long but the adjustability and the clip for the cord are fantastic attributes . Additionally , the sound quality is far superior to the stock and the Sony sound . For anyone who uses needs headphones , especially for running , these are a must .
 I 've had these earbuds for a few months now and they are much better than the standard iPod earbuds for 1 -RRB- audio quality 2 -RRB- staying in the ear for workouts an all around use 3 -RRB- overall comfort . However , the cord provides you with the mother of all tangles . The extra long right earbud cord is very annoying . Yes , it allows you to position the right earbud cord Behind your neck and allows you to clip the main cord to your left to keep it out of the way . However , when stored , you do n't have that iPod cord slide to keep the cord untangled . It takes special care to keep the cord untangled -LRB- a lost cause most of the time -RRB- . The green ear fittings also fall off . I 'm going to superglue my fittings on as I 've used up my last spare .
 Let me preface this review by saying I 'm not an audio expert . But I 'm an outdoor runner who 's tried different brands of headphones -LRB- cheap and not-so-cheap -RRB- and am pleased to say that I 've finally found earbuds that do fit comfortably & securely . The wires do n't bother me as I just run them down the back of my shirt . Nor am I nit-picky about the sound -- as far as I 'm concerned , the quality is fine . These are kinda pricey but worth it , in my opinion , if - like me - you 've had trouble finding earbuds that fit !
 The sound is great . Ear fit is perfect -LRB- and adjustable -RRB- . No slippage during hard runs . Durable . Design is a bit weird . After wire splits to earbuds one side is longer . Kind of makes it a pain and you can only use and armband on one side because of it . Also the wire is too curly . It literally takes forever to straighten out . Mine still is n't straight and I 've had the headphones for 2 months . If you are more concerned with sound quality and slippage then these are for you . If logistics around the body are a priority another pair is probably your best option .
 For the price , you ca n't beat these . The sound quality is spectacular . They are perfect for running.I do n't care about the neon green . The cord length is not a problem . I run/work out with the cord INSIDE my shirt , anyway . The cord does n't get in my way at all like that . The discrepancy between the wire length from the right to left is a little stupid . The right just needs to be wrapped around the back of your head.There is a bit of cord noise while running . I only notice it between songs , though.Once you get the fit right and get used to the best position to have them in your ears , you are golden . I think they sound amazing and they do n't fall out .
 Never mind the green color - these are the best headphones you will find for running or working out.I 've had mine for about a month now . The ear pieces have not fallen out once while running , unlike the earphones that came with my iPod that never stayed in.I am also very satisfied with the sound quality - much better than the phones that come with the iPod and better than most Sony phones that I have tried.At first I was a little annoyed by the length of the chord on the right earphone -LRB- which is 12 '' longer than the left -RRB- until figuring out that it is intended to be worn behind your neck and to one side . This design works particulary well if you wear your iPod in an arm band case .
 My wife gave me an Ipod Nano for my birthday . The first thing she told me was to get a better pair ofheadphones . Ordered the Sennheiser 300sx and was happy with the sound quality was not happy with my inability to keep them in my ears . As other reviewers state you need to know how to fit the earbuds properly . I do not disagree but if you plan on moving your head at anytime after you find the perfect fit it can get frustrating . All the above leads me to the MX75s . Put them in your ears twist and your set . I like to use the Nano when I work-out and the MX75s are far superior in that application . The color is a little funky but I can live with it . The uneven cord length -LCB- right vs left -RCB- is ridiculous but take the supplied shirt clip coil up the extra cord length-problem solved . If you plan on listening to music during a work-out these can not be beat . If you plan on keeping your head still for extended periods of time you might like another style of headphone .
 I had tried several earbuds attempting to find a set that would stay in my ears . I guess the typical design is not based on ears like mine . Nothing stayed in at all . The MX75s have several modular parts that gave me a perfect and very secure fit . It 's worth taking a little time to try various combinations of caps . I think the reviewer who said the system did n't work simply could n't figure out how they clip into the ear . There really should be better documentation on this point . The sound is pretty good , certainly a couple notches up from the standard iPod earbuds . The cord seems a bit thin and fragile so I plan to use extra care with this set .
 For any product where compromises need to be made -LRB- and this is one of them -RRB- , it 's important to understand the context in which the review is being made . I was looking for a set of headphones that could be used for aerobic activities -LRB- running , stairmaster , cycling , etc -RRB- , and had had poor luck with both the included headphones with the Apple iPod and the Shure e4c . The iPod headphones were thinly constructed -LRB- tugs on the cable could damage the connection to the earpiece -RRB- , both were damaged by sweat -LRB- static in one or both earpieces , leading to permanent volume loss -RRB- , and tended to shift in the ear when they got sweaty.I 've had the mx75s for a couple of weeks now , and in general they have met all the needs above . I 'll try to talk to some specifics as well as issued raised in other reviews.Sound quality - Better than the iPod earbuds , not as good as the e4c . Some folks complain about a perceived lack of bass in the e4c 's , but I think it 's just more accurate sound . The mx75 's have an exaggerated midbass , but it 's not too annoying . My biggest disappointment was that the sound isolation of the MX75 's really was no different from the stock iPod earbuds , and why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 . The collateral described `` screwing them in '' , and that is what happens , but this is just to secure them in place . Most ambient noise gets through , and when doing something noisy -LRB- like a stairmaster or a treadmill -RRB- , you have to run the volume higher to overcome that noise . In contrast the e4c 's isolate better that the hearing protection I use for trap shooting.fit / stability - for me , once screwed in , they stay locked in , tested up to 2.5 hours . My ears eventually ache a bit from the wedging , but it 's tolerable . The asymmetric cord length works surprisingly well if you route the cable behind your neck . If you do n't , you wind up with extra cable . The self-coiling cable works well in my use , and tangles less than cables for the Apple and Shure headphones . Yep , the color is ugly , but will go with your late-80s outfit . The cord length has n't been an issue for me.UPDATE - After having these headphones for several months I do have an additional comment to offer about overall usability . There is a confluence of attributes here -LRB- the self coiling cable , the tacky surface of the insulation on the wires , the complex shape of the earpieces themselves and the tacky surface of the sealing rings on the earpieces -RRB- that make these ` phones infuriatingly easy to get tangled . They jump into knots that are slow to untangle . This is the single biggest drawback to these for my use case ...
 I like the sound of the Sennheisers a lot and the price is good . The fit of the earpieces is very good . They wo n't fall out . I 'm happy with them.The volume slider is not useful for me , as I have easy volume control on my Rio player . The wiring is very light gauge , and it is rather easy for it to get tangled , a slight downer .
 This headphone fits a normal-sized ear well . It remains secure throughout my workout and provides great audio . I would not recommend this for smaller ears , but for those who are running and need a headphone that will stay in place , I highly recommend this model . It comes with adjustable pieces that allow you to customize this product for you ear . Very easy to put in and remove . The sound quality is the best that I have found in a sweat-resistent headphone . Great product and top-quality sound .
 I use these headphones at the gym and like their sound quality very much . You may have to play with the different ear pieces to get a comfortable fit . The wire also takes getting used to .
 As shown on the CNET.com website for the given search of compact , portable , and good quality sound , these headphones have lived up to the recommendations listed . Kudos to CNET.com for yet another wonderful piece of advice !
 I am a very petite woman and I wanted some new headphones that would stay in my ears comfortably for running . After buying and returning at least five different headphones , these are the ones I settled on . The design is great and they come with different sized attachments so you can fit the twisty part perfectly to your earfold . The sound quality and intensity are fine with me and they 're comfortable too . The only complaint I have is that the earbuds are still a little big for my ears - they have n't fallen out , but sometimes they feel like they will . I ended up taking the green ring off of the earbuds to make them smaller .
 I use the MX75 under earmuffs made for noise protection , it works great this way . Otherwise they fall out of my ears easily and do n't fit well . When they do fit and stay in my ears the sound is very good . The price was right .
 I love how easy it is to keep these in your ears . The only downside is that the little disks that keep them in place out side your ear fall off easily and you could lose them if it were loose in your bag .
 these headphones are great b/c they stay securely in your ears . On the down side , the cord gets tangled everytime I take them off .
 The prior reviews for this item are spot on . The headphones fit great in my ears and the sound quality is very good . The only annoyance is the asymmetrical cord .
 After ruining many earphones while working out , I finally got the MX75 's specifically for that purpose and so far they have fit the bill nicely . I tend to sweat a lot , so the fact that they are sweat resistant is a big plus . The little nubs that help hold them in your ears seem to work reasonably well , but you do need to select the nub size that 's right for your ear -LRB- I used the biggest ones , though my ears are n't really that big -RRB- . The sound quality is quite decent though not outstanding . I still keep other headphones around for when I 'm not working out . The only problem I have with them at this point is that since they are made outta rubber , the cord does n't like to straighten out like . It tries to stay in the wrapped up position and can get in your way . The solution I came up with was to use the shirt clip to reduce the amount of slack in the wire , which mostly solves this problem .
 I bought these for my husband , who announced the other day that he should have let me get these in the first place -LRB- instead of running out and getting the Denon ear buds , which he did n't like and gave to me -RRB- They arrived while he was asleep ... I ordered a pair for him yesterday , after he borrowed the first pair long enough to decide he absolutely loves them - as do I !! We 're new to the iPod world , and have been real hit and miss on ` phones . I am a hard core audiophile , and he is learning fast . Our first pair were J-Buds , which were OK until I got the Sennheiser over-the-ear PMX70 headband ` phones , and he became aware of serious sound . Then he lost the Buds , and got a pair of SkullCandy to `` save money , '' which we gave to our nephew , who does n't know any better yet . I became aware of Sennheiser products during my roadie days in the 70 's , and they are still amazing !!!! We now own 3 pair and probably wo n't buy any other brand . They are fantastic and wo n't break the bank .
 The amount in which I paid , I 'm very satisfied with the results . Not are they great , they do NOT fall out when using at the gym , running or anything like that . Also that they are resistant to water helps alot , since I 'm deployed out in Afghanistan , and boy do things get hot out here . Yeah , as far as the bright green color , its basically whether if it bothers you or not . It does n't bother me , and its bright enough to find in a room with ease . Yes , they are not the best products as far as sound wise , but for under 50 bucks , you surely ca n't beat it ...
 These are perfect for running or other vigorous exercise . I constantly use mine in the gym or for running outside and they stay in your ears regardless of any perspiration or movement . This was my main reason for purchasing them because the standard iPod earbuds fall out too easily during running . I 'm not a sound expert so as far as I 'm concerned , they sound good enough to listen to while working out.Cons
 I was hesitant to buy these headphones because earbuds have never worked for me . When I first received them , I immediately stuck them in my ears and they fell out . After going through the package however , I found the changable disks for sizing them to your ear . Once I had that right , they worked great ! They fit great , I lift weights and ride the stairmaster with them , and they sound great too . The soft vinyl carrying case protects them when not in use . You will be hard pressed to find a better pair of earbuds .
 Sennheiser MX 75 - Sport Line - headphones -LRB- ear-bud -RRB- These headphones are the best fitting headphones for active people . I have purchased seven different headphones in the last year for my MP3 player . Every single pair falls out when I work out at the gym or is uncomfortable . I have been using these Sennheiser headphones for a month now daily and they have never fallen out . The sound is great too . I love them !!!!!!!!!!
 These are great ... easy to get fitted , and stay in securely . The quality is n't as great as the original ipods , but at least they stay in your ear ! I use these for long distance outdoor running , I tell all my friends and fellow runners about these . Definitely worth the money .
 I had bought an MP3 player and was not happy with the typical headphone that came with the unit . I first bout Skullcandy Smokin Buds , they had a good sound , wires of the headphone seamed a little cheap , the main reason for handing these down too one of my sons , was I use the MP3 player for the Gym during workouts and I could not get a good fit with the supplied three sizes of buds . I had to keep fiddling with them to keep them adjusted in the ear for a good sound.I decided to try the Sennheiser MX75 on a recommendation of a friend . These headphones do have a good sound quality , seam to be made very well after having these for a month . The best thing is once I put these in the ear and twist them they stay put , even during a good workout . The only thing that is a little odd is one earbud has a considerable shorter wire than the other , but does not seam to hurt anything and the green color is just a little over powering . The sound and fit out ways any negatives for these headphones.I would recommend these to any active wearer of headphones .
 As designed for , these headphones are great for staying secure through the rigors of a run , at the gym , or whatever . Sound quality seems nice and crisp , though I 'm no audiophile . Comes with a lot of nice extras , including a good carrying case , cord clip and a variety of interchangeable pieces to customize the fit of the earphones.Small gripes
 When you find the perfect match -LRB- with the included rubbers -RRB- for your ears , these phones surely stay put ! When I 'm walking or running this fellas does n't fall down , as opposed to normal earbuds.The good points include the appropriate cord lenght , the volume control , the good fit , and the sound in the range of mids and highs . The bad -LRB- and killing -RRB- point is that the promised `` bass boost '' is almost non-existant , you must force the phones very hard into your ears to hear some good bass . If you do n't mind the lack of bass , these are very good , and with the discount , it 's a sure buy . But I suppose the quest for perfect phones goes on ...
 I love , love , love these headphones . I 've worn them for 3-hours runs in the rain without having to readjust -- They stay in place practically forever and do not make your ears sore at all . The larger rings that go around the speaker portion act as great shock absorbers -LRB- as they all do -RRB- , and also keep rain/sweat from getting into the ear and speaker itself.The only reason I gave them 4 stars rather than 5 is because I 've lost a few of the smaller rubber pads that rest in the upper part of your ear . Probably my fault for throwing them into my bottomless pit of a purse without a case or anything -- Luckily they come with 3 different sized sets , and they all work great for me !
 After trying many other styles and brands , I believe I have found the right set of headphones that will stay in place while running . Without slamming any other brands , let me just say that these are the best I 've tried out of at least 5 others . The twist-to-fit feature keeps the ear phones in place during intense workouts , which is a blessing while running.My one problem is that after sweating profusely , the sound in the left ear-bud seems to almost dull out completely . Until they come out with the `` perfect ear bud '' , these seem to be the closest ones so far . I would definitely recommend these !
 They work great , just what I was looking for . The only down side is that if you keep them on for a long time your ears may start hurting . But for exercising they 're perfect .
 I burned through about 4 pairs of earbuds before coming across the MX75s . I was tired of having my headphones dropping out on the floor after about 5 minutes into my work out because of the copious amount of sweat I can produce . After placing the earpads that come with these ` phones to custom fit my ears , I can state that I have n't had any problems with these staying put during my vigorous workouts . Sound quality is good and I experienced no adjustment period pain that you associate with using new headphones . Only issues
 I bought these headphones based on the reviews I read on this site . Agreed , they do n't fall out . Most of my workouts are in the gym . I lift weigts , run on the treadmill , and use the elliptal equipment . I was getting SO tired of my old in-ear earbuds falling out -LRB- I had the black Sony in ear buds , not sure the model but you can get them at Best Buy for about $ 40 -RRB- . Okay , here 's what I like about these
 After years of going through headphones like there was no tomorrow , I finally discovered these babies.Finally , ear phones that stay in my ears throughout my run ! No repositioning ! No loss of sound ! No unilateral music when one ear decides to poop out!I 've had the same pair for a year , and they are still going strong .
 I use these 6 days a week when I work out , and have done so for a few months now . They 've never fallen out of my ears , they work and sound great and are perfectly comfortable . Among other things , I typically do 30 minutes of cardio a day , so these have encountered plenty of sweat and held up great . I highly recommend them .
 Bought these for my son . He 's a long-distance runner who needs ear buds that wo n't fall out . These are the very thing . Jump , run , do hand-stands . They stay in so you can keep listening to your music without the frustration of re-plugging your ears .
 The ear buds feel right when running , they have an assortment of sizes which is also nice ; however , the cord is pre-formed to retake its curved shape ... so it breaks easily . meaning , when you are done with the product , and putting it back in it 's case , the cord has a good chance that it will split and tangle . Amazing sound though out-weighs some cosmetic features .
 They stay in my ears . They are small . They work well for listening to talk radio .
 The sound is not is not the best . However , they have decent enough sound quality . But the absolute best thing about these are their comfort and ability to stay in the ear and NOT move . took me forever to find a good headphone to use while running and not end up fidling with them . These are definatley it.Durability are decent , though I lost one of the ear covers so i just bought another pair . Definatley worth the cheap price .
 i run a lot and was having trouble finding headphones that stayed in while i ran . usually the sweat would make them fall out . love the color and sound is great .
 I absolutely love these headphones.They are the best sounding earbuds I have ever used and they are the most comfortable . They sound better than the $ 95 Grado SR-80 's and the $ 50 Skullcandy Titans . They have crisp , clear sound and deep , full bass . They make my portable M3P player sound great . I can use these for running and they do n't fall out . There is no unwanted noise from the cord and they are very comfortable.If you are in the market for earbuds , give the Sennheiser MX55 's a try .
 Yes , these are a lil ' strange . In fact , my ears are so small , they still hurt when I wear them . Normally I think your ears would get used to them . The sound is good , i have yet to wear them working out , but other than that they 're great !
 These are the best sound-producing headphones Ive ever used , and worth every penny !
 Throw away the headphones that came with your ipod . Put these in your ears and hear all the MUSIC that has been missing from your music ! There is still some sound to be gained -- these do not sound like my Bose quiet comfort headphones . But then they do n't cost hundreds of dollars either ! I 'm a runner and though I have not had trouble with headphones popping out , I have had ear buds that lose some of their sound because they wo n't stay firmly in place . No trouble with that with these , the little arms make these guys stay tucked in tight.I have two complaints
 This product works as advertised . Even after running for a couple of hours it still stayed in place and the sound quality was good .
 Excellent sound comes through using my Walkman . Comfortable fit . Excellent service from Amazon . Would buy more products by this company .
 I 'm a long distance runner who got real frustrated from earbuds/earphones falling out of my ears during a run or race . Even the ones that hang around the ear were n't working . After trying 4 pairs of various brands of earphones over the last 2 years , I have finally settled on the greatest pair , thanks to reviews posted by other runners in Runners World Magazine . The brilliant twist-in-the-ear design stays put , even if you suffer from the worst `` sweaty ear '' syndrome ! You wo n't be disappointed !
 I have used these headphones this summer . While comfortable fit is a very personal impression , I find that they are extremely well fitting and comfortable for me . As for the sound quality ... these are the best sounding headphones that I have owned . The phone fits tightly in the ear and thus keeps the easy to lose bass at the recorded level.Some people have said that they have trouble keeping the headphones in place i.e. they fall off . These phones stay-put on my head.The directions could be more helpful . Intuition has you insert the buds and twist the bottom lever to the rear ; but this does not work . Place the buds in the ears and twist the lever forward . Here they will stay tightly in place . If you have trouble , try the other rubber insert sizes that accompany the product.For years now some headphone manufacturers -LRB- read Sony -RRB- have made a good headphone very mediocre by having the speaker face toward the front and not directly at the ear canal . This causes an enormous amount of bass to be lost . To verify this , just twist the forward facing speakers to beam directly into the ear ; what a huge difference . These phones face directly into the ear canal.As always , Sennheiser again makes a superior product !
 Love these ! They do n't slip out no matter how much I sweat . I have small ears and have had a hard time finding earphones that are comfortable and will stay in my ears . These are it . It took a few tries to figure out how they were most comfortable for me , but now that I have , I would n't wear anything else . I have comfortably worn them for up to a 2 hour run , and the sound quality is excellent .
 Sounds great , fits perfectly and looks awesome . I dunno what could be better than these headphones . Also the wires are very supple and do n't get too tangled when bunched up .
 Bought these for my son to replace his Apple headphones . Excellent sound and fit . Better than the white earbuds from Apple . A great value for $ 20 . I would highly recommend .
 After a reasonable amount of research , I was very happy to discover these very capable sport headphones . I have found that the sound quality is very good -LRB- including an excellent low end -RRB- . The fit is comfortable , even after several hours of wear , and with several pad sizes included , there was some flexibility in terms of fitting my ear . I would almost say that my favorite feature is the cord . Unlike other sport headphones , this cord is a bit thicker and stiffer . Where some might consider this a detriment , I find that it makes the cord much less likely to tangle when not in use . I highly suggest these headphones . The quality and price make this a great buy .
 These earphones are great ! They are made so that you can put them in the ear , turn sideways and they stay in with no problem at all . The sound quality is also great and they come with a cute little metallic case to keep them in when not being used . They send all kinds of extra rubber pieces to make them tighter but you do n't need them .
 Outstanding ! I love them for their sound and fit . You ca n't go wrong with these .
 Great product overall . Sound quality leaves a little to be desired , but great for working out.Fast Shipping .
 Whereas other earphones have become uncomfortable , even painful , after an hour or so , these had a nice light feeling right out of the box . I did n't even have to experiment with the various fit options provided . Maybe I just got lucky on the fit , but I 'm also very pleased with the sound quality . And they stay in place better than anything else I 've tried .
 I 've been using these headphones for 2 months now and swear they are the best headphones for jogging . I run 20 + miles a week and the headphones never fall out . However , because of the absence of instuctions it took 2 weeks of experimenting to get the perfect fit !! The headphones come with several attachments that are used to make them fit snuggly in the ears.I have to use the largest attachments . Also , I have to twist 1 headphone clockwise in 1 ear and anti-clockwise in the other ! Also , I now have the wire going up my back and clipped to my running shirt . As I said , a bit of experimenting is required!So to sum up : Headphones
 Overall , I 'd say these are good sound quality for the price . The bass is good , but not great . For me personally , these fit me very well and I ca n't wait to use them for running.I do get upset over minor details and the color of the headphones I received are different from the picture . The plastic back of the headphone turned out to be a shiny metallic light green/blue . It is not white as shown in the picture . A small detail , but I wish I would have known before I bought them .
 These headphones are great value at 29.95 - even better with the Sennheisser rebate deal - the sound is as good as the over-the-ear set and these stay in very well when running or in gym - need to wait to see how well the cords stand up to the real world - the other Sennheisser green outdoor set I have have needed some `` support '' with tape
 I 'm not looking for concert hall sound in portable headphones . The sound through these quite clear and the instruments well defined . What I love about them is that they remain in my ears no matter how much I bounce up and down while jogging . I 've also often had to replace other brand headphones when one or both sides fails . Not so with these . They are made to last.Highly recommended .
 I 've been through numerous headphones for running and biking , these are by far the most comfortable and secure . The twist-to-fit works perfectly and sound quality is solid . A must for anyone who wants light , comfortable , and very secure music on the go .
 These show how good mp3 can be . The fidelity is as good as could possibly be expected in any head/earphones for less than $ 100 . And for $ 15 ? Wow.I have a feeling all the fitting pads they give you are overkill unless you have some of Dumbo 's genes . The twist-to-fit concept is great for those of us who do n't like sticking things into their ear canals and leaving them there for hours at a time . The only disappointing thing I can find is that the wire is awfully light weight , but at this price it 's probably worth stocking up on them for when the inevitable occurs .
 These headphones sound terrific and are very comfortable to wear . I wear them running and never have any problems with them staying in place , even as sweaty as I get.For maximum comfort I do n't wear them like the user-submitted picture from `` S. Pretti '' shows - he 's got them turned too far . Twist them about 45 degrees clockwise so instead of sticking straight out like a bluetooth headset they parallel the line of your jaw . That 's how the instructions show it as well . They 'll still be secure but not push on your ear as much .
 Excellent fit-I use them for running , jumping rope , etc. and they stay in place no matter how much I sweat . I do wish the sound quality was louder , but overrall I am very satisfied with them .
 I just received these and , as others have noted , the cord to the right ear is twice as long as the cord to the left ear from the point on the cord where they split.If you wear them under you chin like a standard headphone it is a bit irritating because the cord is sized so that you can route the cord to the right earbud around the back of your neck . If worn this way it uses up the additional slack in the wire and is very comfortable .
 These are simply the best ear bud type headphones I have ever purchased . The sound is crisp and clear , and the bass , while not as deep as perhaps open air headphones , it is the best for an earbud . The twist to fit system also works great . It truly keeps the earbuds in position in your ear no matter what , they stay in place . Would n't but any other brand of earbuds from now on , Sennheiser is simply the best .
 I tried so many different headphones before I happened on these and nothing would stay put in my ears which gets really frustrating on a run . This is my second pair , the first pair I had for years and just got old and cruddy from miles of runs rides and gym workouts . I recommend these to eeryone that has issues with earbuds staying in place . They are not uncomfortable , they have good sound , I love them !
 This is the best set of earphones I have ever used in terms of not falling from ears . They definitely do n't get out of the ears no matter how fast/slow you run and are pretty good while doing other excercises in gym . I decided to use them for some time before putting the review as I read that some people had issues with quality and wire getting entangled . I did not face any of these issues . I have used these for 3 months now without issues and also i always wrap them around my fingers before keeping them back and they unfold without any issues .
 The first few times I used these , I spent most of my exercise time fiddling with them to get them to stay in place correctly . If they are n't in just right , they do n't stay in securely , and the sound is muffled.The good news is that Sennheiser includes several different size soft plastic `` thingies '' that go on the clip that hangs on your ear . So one can adjust for different ear shapes . For example , I learned that I have two different ear shapes . Imagine that - took me 49 years to figure that out!After the customization of the clip , and a few more fumbles , my fingers seemed to get the knack and now they go on smoothly every time . They have n't fallen out and the sound is really good , considering the price . They are amazingly comfortable as well.Bottom Line
 Overall I have been quite happy with these headphones . I absolutely loathe the Apple earbuds which never stay in my ear , but I did n't want to go with a over-the-head style either . These fit snugly no matter how fast or how long I run , and the sound quality is excellent.However , the one thing that keeps me from giving five stars -- and it 's a major point -- is that right around the two-year mark , when the warranty expired , the insulation cord began to crack and the copper wire inside is now exposed . The effect on sound quality has been minimal , but it certainly looks like I 'm not the only one to experience this . It 's a poor quality of materials on Sennheiser 's part , and they should be aware of it . Luckily , at around $ 20 , it 's not too expensive to simply replace them.I would definitely recommend them to anyone looking for a good pair of headphones that can be used for working out or really anytime . Just keep an eye on the cord .
 I bought these for the Marine Corps Marathon last year . The clips on my other earphones caused pain behind my ears when my sunglasses pressed on them so this clipless design seemed like a good idea . Once adjusted they did stay in place but when running for 3 plus hours the pressure on my ear cartilage was a little distracting . Not painful though . The sound was a great improvement compared to the standard iPod earplugs with clearer high frequencies and a less muddled midrange . The only detracting factor was the cord . In the package the cord is wound in a circle and the coil never comes completely out . I thought maybe after a while the cord would straighten but it 's been almost a year now . If you run with these , they may interfere with your natural arm swing . I always coil any excess cord around my music player on an arm band ... thankfully the cord on these is short enough to keep it from tangling me up . I use my clip ons for short runs and use these for races and long training runs .
 They arrived in a timely fashion , they did n't fall apart , and I received no difficulties throughout the whole transaction . I ca n't complain .
 I Just recieved these very slick earbuds . Very comfortable to wear and the sound is great ! I see why everyone has been braging about thier Sennheiser 's . The case is a bit odd if interesting design . Not sure how practical it is for actual use though .
 My iPod earbuds slip out of my ears when I walk/run , so I tried the Coby isolation earbuds , Sony MDR-J10 Clip-on Style Stereo Headphones , and Panasonic MDR-J10 Clip-on Style Stereo Headphones , as well as others , to no avail . Finally , I 've found earphones that stay in place when I walk/run . The sound quality is better than the Coby , Sony , and Panasonic ones I 've mentioned , so that 's yet another plus for these . So far they 've held up through marathon training for this year .
 I have tried numerous sport headphones and always found them fine for the gym , but lacking for running . These headphones are great for running . They do n't have loops over the ears to interfere with sunglasses and they do n't slide out over the course of a run . The sound is very good for a sport headphone . I highly recommend them over any other headphone for running .
 I just got these recently , but so far I 've found them to be wonderful . I have oddly shaped ears that make wearing normal earbuds impossible because they constantly fall out , plus I have severe psoriasis in both ears making wearing in-ear headphones extremely painful . Since I was buying earphones to use with my iPod , I wanted something as small as possible . These seemed to fit the bill so I ordered them and I have been extremely pleased with them!UPDATE 5/29/08I 've had them for about a year and a half now , still love them and highly recommend them !!
 The color is a bit severe but most runners will not care when they experience the twist fit of the MX75 which allows you to run without fear of the headphones falling out of your ears as many ear buds do.Sound quality is decent . You can not get the ear drum shattering volume that you can find with other in ear headphones but that is a GOOD thing especially if for street and path running where one has to share with other runners , bikers and autos.Got these for a great price through Amazon and have used them on every run ever since .
 These are terrific
 I have been using these MX75 headphones for about 1 month now in the gym for running and work out.PROS
 As long as you have a normal ear this headphone wo n't fall off . Sound is like a 7 out of 10 , but I compare everything to my Shure E3c . It is better than other sporty headphones that I have tried . My favorite part is that even when you are running , this stays in your ear assuming you put it on right .
 This is a solid product that does everything it advertises . On longer bike rides or runs -LRB- 3 hours + -RRB- my ears do become a little sore , but in terms of staying put during exercise they are vastly superior to the earbuds that come with either the ipod or the zune and to my ear equal in sound quality . Bottom line I 'd buy this product again .
 I 've used Sennheiser products for work for years and this is my first personal purchase . Why it took so long I 'll never know.Things I love about this item : QUALITYSOUNDConstructionCasethe list goes onThings I 'm not so fond of about this item : ` Stay in ear putability ' - while they stay in my ear - they do not stay fully twisted in . So for me -LRB- an my shape/size of ear -RRB- they rest quite nicely inside the ear canal - just not jammed tightly over the ear canal - so I can hear some of the annoying conversation of the loudmouth hag on the elliptical next to me . Small downside compared to all the other brands I 've been through.I WOULD BUY THIS PRODUCT AGAIN !!!
 these head phones are great ! I have small ears so head phone buds usually hurt my ears and fall out all the time . To avoid this I have always stuck to the headphones that wrap around my ear , but after reading the reviews for this set I decided to give them a try.This set of head phones are very comfortable and dont fall out - even with my small ears . They come with mutiple size options so you can customize the fit to your ear . On top of the fit , the sound quality is also excellent . WOW *****
 My brother-in-law specifically requested these headphones for Christmas . He said they are the best , especially to get them from Amazon because they are twice as expensive at the Apple store . Comfortable and durable . I may even get some for myself !
 The title pretty much sums it up . They sound fine -LRB- better than Apple 's earbuds for sure -RRB- and the behind-the-neck design for the righthand bud is great for running . Based on other reviews it sounds like I may have gotten lucky with having the right sized ears , but they 're quite comfortable and do n't fall out or rattle at all . They definitely feel a bit flimsy , but I have owned four other pairs of Sennheiser headphones -LRB- two HD220s , HD202 , and HD212 -RRB- and they all eventually come apart at the the ends of the cables . I put up with it because they sound good , and if you keep an eye on the weak spots and put a dab of superglue on them when they start to crack , they do just fine .
 These were a gift for my duaghter in law who always has problems with the ear pieces on the headphones . She loves these and finds them very comfortable .
 This is the only wireless print server I could find besides the Apple Airport Express that has the following features : * Mac OS X compatibility with any printer -LRB- including non-Postscript -RRB- * WPA encryption support * USB 2.0 * 802.11 gI followed the instructions for LPR printing with a static print server IP -LRB- this is explained in the included PDF manual -RRB- , and it works great . Now , everybody in my house can use the same printer wirelessly.UPDATE
 Setup was as simple as it gets . Worked perfect for me because I have a LaserJet that uses parallel and a photo printer that uses USB.I used SMB to share the printers and you have to connect to the printers as \ \ printserver-name \ p1 or p2 . Would be nice to be able to rename the p1/p2 to a more descriptive name , but no biggie .
 Even though its not one of the `` big names '' in wireless networking , this wireless print server works flawlessly . I installed it within 15 minutes on a wired desktop computer and two wireless laptops with a hp laserjet 2200d . After reading other reviews for linksys and d-link etc , i was convinced that none of them worked . I bought this one on sale after rebates , and I was impressed with the ease of install . I highly recommend to anyone who needs a wireless printer located anywhere in your home .
 I consider myself an expert at computers and networking . I would actually give this item 3.5 stars if that was available . While the device generally does work , one feature of the device apparently does not -LRB- WPA security for wireless connectivity -RRB- . I also found that the setup of this device could be greatly improved . Here was my experience :1 . The installation wizard did not work correctly . While it did find the device on the network , when I clicked `` next '' it would repeatedly report that it was not able to communicate with the device . I tried rebooting the computer , the switch and the device all to no avail .2 . I then opened the manual which is found on the CDROM and followed the instructions .3 . I first tried to configure it to use WPA security which is what I use for my WLAN because it is considered stronger than WEP . I could not get the device to work with WPA security . In fact , I found it brought down my entire WLAN -LRB- using a Netgear G WLAN -RRB- and so it raises the concern that this thing can actually can be used for Denial of Service attacks on some WLAN devices -- or even worse , that it accidently could create a DoS for nearby WLANs which have default out of the box configurations matching the owner 's .4 . I researched on the web and found several articles from users who were unable to get the WPA security to work with this device -LRB- including one here on amazon.com -RRB- . Someone posted an email response he got from Motorola explaining that WPA security is not supported .5 . Giving up on WPA working , I decided to configure it for WEP security . This required me to reconfigure my entire WLAN to use WEP security . This took a fair amount of time since I have several wireless devices .6 . Because the installation wizard would not work , I had to manually configure the printers on each Windows device . This is not a big deal if you are familiar with how to install and configure printers on your PC.It took me a total of an hour to configure everything to make this work correctly . This is longer than it should have taken had WPA and the configuration wizard worked . Once set up , the device does work and I have been able to print several documents using the wireless connectivity and so I 'm pleased with it overall .
 I had to play a bit with the installation wizard and , while the installation instructions say that you can disconnect the ethernet cable between the router and the server after installation , I have to leave them connected . Otherwise , it works fine using WPA and the parallel connection . Good range throughout my house . Got a good buy on it -- under $ 50 .
 I use the amplifier and headset extensively in my personal and executive coaching business -LRB- Peak Effectiveness -RRB- which requires many classes to be taken by teleconference . I had some problems with the settings -LRB- not being terribly swift with such technology -RRB- but upon calling their technical support , the amp and headset have worked beautifully . Tech support was very patient and helpful . I recommend the set highly.I now use the set with Comcast Voice -LRB- telephone through the Internet via a special modem -RRB- , but also have used it with NetZero Voice -LRB- through the computer through the Internet -RRB- . I listen to instructional MP3 's downloaded on the computer using the headset so they do n't irritate my wife . All uses have been highly satisfactory .
 I bought this headset to use on my phone at work . I can hear well with it . With all of the options to wear it , you 'll surely find what works to give you a good fit . -LRB- I use it over my ear . -RRB- It 's nothing fancy , but works well . I would recommend it .
 I do n't know what the previous review is about - sounds bitter - I have used this drive before and it worked perfectly . Seems like the above reviewer had a defective DVD-ROM . Here is the info from wikipedia : `` A DVD drive capable of reading Wii and GC discsOnly specific drives are capable of reading Wii and GC discs , obviously in addition to the drive you will also need it installed in a PC with proper drives . At present the only drives known to be capable of reading Wii and GC discs are the following : * Hitachi LG GDR-8161b -LRB- IDE -RRB- * Hitachi LG GDR-8162b -LRB- IDE -RRB- * Hitachi LG GDR-8163b -LRB- IDE -RRB- * Hitachi LG GDR-8164b -LRB- IDE -RRB- * Hitachi LG GDR-H10NBLK -LRB- SATA -RRB- * Hitachi LG GDR-8082N - USB SLIM Portable Drive `` If your in the market for this - then this is the DVD drive for you .
 I bought two of these an both worked perfect ! If your looking at these cause you want too mack backups of your original Wii an GameCube games then this is for you !
 It is true that this drive works with rawdump to create ISOs of GCN and Wii games . I 've already ripped one of my -LSB- legally-bought -RSB- games with it.It is a rather old model -LRB- made in 2004 -RRB- , but that 's not much of a problem . I did have to buy an IDE cord in order to connect it to my motherboard , which cost about $ 9 . I would recommend opening your computer 's tower and checking to see if it has an IDE cord already , otherwise you will have to buy one separate.I am very happy with my purchase . It cost me a total of $ 23 dollars -LRB- drive + tax + IDE -RRB- in order to play GCN and Wii games on my computer using Dolphin .
 If you are looking to backup wii or gamecube games , this is the drive for you . Works quite easily . Just download rawdump and you are all set . Also this drive is quite cheap and definately worth it .
 Worked very well on the reason i bought it for.Luckly as it is quite rare . It could read special wii and gamecube disks .
 I bought this drive and it has gave me good service . Working on used desktop computers is a hobby of mine and most of the time I wipe the hard drive clean and reinstall the Operating System , and to make this go smooth and trouble free you need a good drive , that is fast enough to get the job done and this 16x DVD-ROM Drive reads CDs at 52x , and when I am working on a machine that needs the OS reinstalled I just remove the drive thats in the machine and put this drive in and it always does a good job , you can just tell by the sound of it that its faster than most drives , and after the files get installed from the disc onto the hardrive and the OS installation is complete I remove this drive and put the original drive back in . Thats what I bought it for and I am pleased with it , It has been a usefull tool for me , and its price is resonable to so basically its a good drive and its cheap , I have nothing bad to tell about it .
 After a real disaster with a scan disk reader the CR-70R V506 worked from the start -LRB- did not have to down load any drivers -RRB- My old windows Me picked it up and away we went , Both my CD and CF cards worked fine.after i spent three days in hell with the scan disk unit ??????? -LRB- computer ran like molasses in January each jpeg took 3 min at least to move , and crashing over and over -RRB- i am in heaven now with the CR-70R V506Five stars from me.James
 This reader/writer is the cheapest that I have found online or in stores ! You can get it at office max for $ 19.99 and avoid the shipping . It really does work on many different kinds of cards . I 've used it so far for compactflash , sd , and microsd -LRB- using the sd adapter of course -RRB- and it has been really easy to transfer pictures and music files for my mp3 player ! When the computer reads it , it separates it as 4 different drives , one for each slot . It is small and lightweight . Highly recommend it .
 100 % plug and play with Ubuntu 7.10 Linux ; it even puts a picture of a memory card on the desktop .
 I had looked around locally for this and was not happy with the pricing I was seeing . I found it on Amazon for half the price . It was in original packaging and exactly what the discription said . Thank you Amazon for once again making my shopping experience the best .
 This card reader is great . I had the single SD card reader from this manufacturer for a long time and ended up with a camera that uses XD cards . Well , instead of buying a single , I went for this one . It works like a charm !! Putting the cards in is a little odd , though . I do n't know if ALL of them do , but I know the XD card has to go into the slot contact side up . Regardless , this is a highly recommended product !
 I had purchased one of these for my wife almost a year ago and it has perform flawlessly . When I purchased a new camera I wanted a transfer method that was faster than connecting the camera thru the supplied cable so I purchased another unit for myself . It 's small size , ease of use and fast transfer speed makes it ideal for me since I take anywhere from just 25 to 100 pictures a day in my business .
 100 % plug and play with Ubuntu 8.04.1 LTS -LRB- Hardy Heron -RRB- and Windows 2000sakar . com Card Readers Multi Card Reader
 I have used these headphones for 3-4 months now and have been very happy with them . They have a great sound quality and fit very comfortably . The volume control on the lanyard is a great idea that allows me to immediately drown out the grunters who inevitably choose the machine next to me.This was a great purchase with no regrets .
 I am working out with Nordic Walking or commuting by bike . My needs , having ear-buds that could not easily fall off and Volume control handy seem to be covered by this Sennheiser product . Testing it for 4 weeks confirmed the supreme standard of Sennheiser products also the lanyard and analog volume control - I use a 1GB Maxfield Flash MP3 player - but sorry to tell , I wear the player in a arm-wrap-around velcro-closed carry case , the provided extension cable is too long and the jack cable going into the volume control is too short.After using it now for 5 month I frequently faced the fact that the earbuds tent to fall out because they are to big - there is not additional silicon ring for adjusting to several earhole sizes ... Sennheiser could easily fix this by adding by 2 inches and adjusting rings ... . quote
 I have had them for a few weeks and use them when I go running . The sound is good . They stay in place . They are lightweight . I like the flexibility the extension cord provides .
 So i received this item 2 days after I ordered it -LRB- I am a Prime member -RRB- . So shipping was n't an issue . I read these headphones were n't good for working out as they were too big and fell out all the time . The price of them just dropped to 10 bucks a pop but at the original price I would n't have tried them.I have had the chance to try them . I ordered my first set 10/28/11 then another 11/1/11 because the sound quality by Sennheiser is just outstanding . For 10 bucks I decided I better jump on them.Here are the cons :1 -RRB- They are very large so DO NOT order them if you have small ears they just wo n't fit .2 -RRB- The color . The only color available is that horrid green so unless you do n't care that you have green around your head then ... I walk/jog around a dog park when I use them and I must admit they do fall out when I go too fast or jostle them too much and I can only keep one in but that 's good since I need to listen for my dogs anyway . I do wish there were sound isolating earbuds . They did sell them before but no longer do .
 The return key is the wrong shape , the cover still fits , but it is a bit frustrating once you notice . If you have a MacBook , get a cover like this because replacing the keyboard is a lot more expensive and more of a hassle than it used to be . The entire upper case needs to be replaced if the keyboard goes . I 'm happy enough with this cover to recommend it .
 After replacing my iBook 's keyboard twice , I wanted my new MacBook to be as me-proof as possible . There are a lot of conflicting reviews about which skins are better , but I ultimately decided on the Carapace and was not disappointed . May of the other reviews described the skins as being very thick . This one is thin , fits well , lifts right off for cleaning , and does n't impede typing -LRB- the feel is slightly different from the naked keys , but not unpleasantly so -RRB- . It 's a cheap and worthwhile investment for someone as accident prone as I am .
 The item came very quickly and was in perfect condition . It was exactly what I expected .
 Was a little skeptical about how well this would fit given some reviews , but it stretches slightly to lock onto the keys at the corners of the keyboard and stays nicely flat . There is minimal `` bounce '' where the cover does not completely touch keys ... it seems to `` cling '' to the surface of most keys , so it is nearly perfect as a second skin over the normal key . Cleans easily ... a very successful design . -LSB- ... -RSB- .
 i love the cover for my mac laptop and it was shipped to me faster than i thought .
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The IBM 512MB CompactFlash Card , like most 512MB cards , will store on average 568 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 426 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 256 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 204 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 160 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this 512MB card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 I bought this for my workplace computer and copy machine . It seems to have been doing a good job in the several months since purchase.What I do like about this product is that it is more compact and takes less space than its replacement . It is convertible
 Mounted one on each side of my DJ case , now I dont have to fish wires through the back of the box anymore . The blades are marked well so all you have to do is match the wires to the plug .
 I always buy these . I upgrade every single speaker I have to speakon . I do not like 1/4 inch plugs so I adapt speakers to fit my needs :-RRB- These are simple to install also .
 This product worked right out of the box . It seamlessly integrated with my existing sensors and I did n't need to make any modifications to any of my connected systems .
 I retrofit all my cabinets with these so I have more options than just 1/4 inch or speaker cable . Highly recommend buying this product .
 This is a terrific case . The case holds the iPad firmly in place with its four snap in plastic corner tabs . The tabs are part of the back shell . The tabs do n't cover any part of the iPad screen or black frame border and therefore do n't interfere with the operation of the iPad . The cover has four inside pockets for cards.The case folds for typing and movie viewing . The angle for typing is excellent . The angle for movie viewing is optimum too . The case can also be folded flat for reading the iPad like a book . The black leather is of very high quality . The stitching and construction is excellent . The strap for closing the cover does a great job of keeping the iPad covered as well as for locking and stabilizing the cover for typing and movie viewing.The back of the case is a hard plastic shell covered in leather . All the buttons and connection ports are easily accessible . The case is very compact and light and is a great value at $ 22.50 . I looked at a lot of cases online that would hold/lock in the iPad so it would n't fall out before I picked this one . I highly recommended this case!I 'm surprised this case is not one that comes up in a search for `` iPad cases . '' Maybe that explains why there are so few reviews .
 I 've tried a number of iPad covers including the Piel Frama . This case is the best I 've found . It is thin and very light . It can be folded flat or angled for typing or bookstand viewing . I 've had it for almost 2 months now and the quality is great . I also ordered one in satin pink for my wife 's iPad . Boxwave customer support is great . I ordered hers with 2 day shipping but the product did n't arrive for 3 days due to carrier delay . Boxwave customer support credited my account for the differential in shipping cost .
 Neutrik NL4MP-ST Speakon 4 Pole Panel Mount . When you need one of these , Neutrik is the only one worth buying . 4 Pole Panel Mount that are not genuine Neutrik are not built as well and can unreliable . It 's cheaper to only by once .
 I bought this to connect a satellite receiver to a pc for recording shows . This cable is HUGE ! It is super fat and heavy . The connectors are good and I could n't believe how well it was made . I see similar cables at the stores for $ 80 . I 'm very glad I bought this cable . I have no quality issues at all . If I ever need another cable I will check these guys first . It was hard to find anything other than a cheapo Chinese 25 foot cable for $ 4 . Anything else was usually Monster and started out around $ 80 . This is a good deal .
 It comes to me very quick and the headphone is with very good quality as stated on the web . My only complain is that the box was not sealed and seems like an open-box good . And I buy it as a gift for my wife .
 Everyone who walks , jogs , runs , cycles or sweats needs to own Sennheiser headphones . Not only do they work beautifully they are super cool . I get stopped at the gym all the time .
 I like the earphones . Fit my ears . Sound good . However , mine arrived on Earth day and the packaging is an environmental disaster . You could easily put the headphones in a zip lock bag and leave it at that . This package was the most user UNFRIENDLY I have ever seen . I had to gnaw , hack and saw my way through several layers of waste to get at the headphones.Sennheiser its your planet too . Do n't destroy it with 99 % waste on the product you ship . Be a responsible company .
 The positives :1 -RRB- Great sound as expected with the Sennheiser brand . Very crisp and much better than the earbuds that come standard with mp3 players .2 -RRB- Excellent for people who run or walk in wet weather .3 -RRB- Just look at the accessories ! It comes with a rubber pouch , extension cord , a clip and 2 extra bud covers . And one of those bud covers is for people with larger ears because it has flaps .4 -RRB- Magnetic buds so they are easy to store because they just click together .5 -RRB- Heavy duty/thicker wires.I just like all the thought and nice touches that has gone into the design of this product . The short cord is for people who wrap their mp3 player on their arms , no long cord to tangle , the extension cord is for people who put the mp3 player in their pockets or waist bands , the extra bud covers are great , the clip and the pouch are a nice touches , the green color is great . All those extra nice touches just show what a great product this is , it 's no cheapo product.Together with the great sound , Sennheiser quality and this low price , it just ca n't be beat ! I totally recommend this
 These headphones are amazing . I suppose I can understand other people having problems if they are too big , but for me they are the perfect size - it 's the rest of the ones out there that do n't fit me and keep falling out . On top of it the sound quality is superb . If you have issues with regular earbuds falling out I highly recommend these , you wo n't be disappointed .
 Get them !! they sound great and they also stay at your ears like glue . I 'm MTB dude and they have never fell ... the price it 's also rigth , so ... what are you waiting for ??
 I have abnormally small ears and ear piercings in my cartiledge which make ear buds one of the only options for headphone comfort . These earbuds are great -- all the others fall out of my ears and these , with the larger covers to make them fit even snugger , sit wonderfully and do n't fall out when I run , go to the gym , etc.I 'm a petite 20something so maybe that explains the discrepency in reviews . But I have been nothing but thrilled with these headphones . FINALLY earbuds that do n't fall out of little ears !
 the headset is all rubbery and very durable . love the rubbery earpieces as they are less likely to get worn out . also came with replacement parts and a handy rubbery puch .
 Excellent headphones for ipod , much better sound quality than the cheapies packaged with new units . Can lay your head on a pillow with greater comfort , cord just the right length . Magnetic `` lanyard '' very handy . Feels sturdy . Green color not my first choice , but matching case solved that fashion dilemma . Highly recommend .
 I bought MX70 headphones like 2 years ago . Have used them in the office , sports , travelling , sleeping , even under rain and sound quality still as good as the day I got em.MX 70 fits my ears very good , and really love that magnetic surface since it keeps both headphones together around my neck , or in only one ear when need to do anything else.Thinking seriously on buying a new MX70 's !
 I have bought several FireLite drives over the years , and all except one is still working . I have been very pleased with the speed and durability .
 I purchased this drive to store/move a large amount of images between my Windows and multiple Linux systems . It seems to work fine when its attached to my XP system , but it does not always work with my Linux systems , and I have to do some creative stuff to finally get it to mount properly . . Actually , on some Linux distros , it does not work at all ... I like this drive , but do your homework and research before you buy it ... make sure it will do what you want it dot ...
 This is my second Firelite Drive and I am very pleased with them . They are small and durable . They plug into a computer . As a serious amateur photographer , I take them on my trips and they travel well . I carefully wrap them and always carry them -LRB- with my laptop -RRB- on the airplane , never checking them . They are quiet , and not hot . They sit on my desk at home and easily plug in and are recognized easily.I am buying a third one to use for backup on the road . I shot my son 's wedding in California , and did not have time for DVD backup . Everything went fine , but I really want a backup drive when `` on assignment '' , for those irreplaceable shots . I find hard drives are the fastest back up for me.I have an earlier 80 gig Firelite and needed the AC adapter . So I bought an adapter for the newer Firelite 160 , but have not needed it . I would recommend not immediately buying -LRB- the extra $ $ -RRB- AC adapter to after you see if you need it on your system . You can always get it later.I love their small size . They are super . Hope this helps .
 Overall these are what I expected them to be for the price.If you , like I was , are wondering if they would be better than the earbuds , or the broken old headphones you rigged into your helmet yourself , the answer is maybe . They do not have the sound quality of the Sony headphones I had rigged myself , but they are so much more comfortable because they are smaller . The hook and loop attachment allows me to move the speakers a little higher in my helmet , and I got my ear pockets back !! The volume does not go very high at all , but you can still make out what most songs are while riding . sounds great when your stopped , but that is obviously not the point . If they went just slightly louder it would make all the difference in the world.The velcro on the jack inputs , etc is an absolute joke . The only thing it is good for , is getting the sticky goop all over your fingers each time you plug in . I stuck mine in between the padding at the back of my helmet which has worked fine so far.Again , I am ultimately happy with the product , but not `` wowed '' . If they made the quality enancements and toughened these up a little , I would gladly pay $ 5 more for these , and they would still be the best value for the money . They just need a little more quality .
 these work well , and I can hear my music when turned all the way up ... but I ride a highway scooter ... it 's not very loud ... i wish I would have gotten the higher priced ones that said they were twice as loud ...
 I have been looking for a viable solution for having a comfortable in-helmet speaker that Ican use with my radar detector on my motorcycle.I experimented with various ear butts that only caused discomfort especiallywhile planting/removing the helmet.I 'm very happy with this system since it has a volume control and disconnect anddoes not put undue pressure on my ears .
 I advise anyone who buys this to add an inline amp system with order.The more power the better . If you don.t you will be disapointed .
 they fit nicely in my helmet . They are n't very loud but you can get a booster/splitter and you and tour passenger can enjoy the music .
 Have over 12,000 motorcycle miles wearing these , most recently on a trip through Canada and Alaska . I use mine with my iPod and they work great , especially at speeds below about 70 mph . If you spend a good deal of time above that speed , you may want to upgrade to the HS24 Iasus speakersXSound 2 High End Motorcycle Helmet Speakers.These are priced ridiculously low . They are very easy to install , very comfortable , and have their own volume control which is very handy , especially if your mp3 is in your jacket pocket or motorcycle tank bag .
 Sounds great to me but stay under 70 MPH . And its your player not the speakers .
 The great thing about this is that if you 've ever strugged with ear-buds , or something similar you 'll never have to do so again!I have basically forgotten that these are in my helmet , the setup is seamless . The wires fit perfectly under the padding in most helmets and the female connect is then attatched with velcro to the underside lip on the side of your helmet , so when not in use you really do n't notice it.When you need it . . reach up and connect your music male connector . Piece of cake!The only downside is that it 's not very loud at it 's loudest setting with my MP3 player . Not sure if that 's a fuction of the speakers or the player . It 's loud enough to enjoy though .
 I bought these for my ski helmet . I could not find anything else and thought I could make these work . I was right ! They fit in my helmet -LRB- a Giro 540 -RRB- almost perfectly and sound better than I expected . I looked at the various ski helmet manufacturers and the stuff they have only works in certain models and is more expensive . These work well and should work in just about any helmet . Well worth the price . I would think they could sell a lot more of them if they broadened the subject beyond motorcycles .
 Purchased these speakers to try and ease my boredom on long haul journeys . So far I am satisfied , though I was a little disappointed at first . I will break my review into parts as follows : Construction and Installation : The speakers are quite small and are housed in little fabric pockets that have hook and loop connections . The hook and loop connection on the pockets allow for direct installation to the fabric lining of your helmet , if you have removable ear padding the speakers fit quite nicely inside and leave plenty of clearance . You 'll need to do some tucking to keep wires in check , and the barrel connector comes with a hook and loop connection as well . If you clean a flat smooth surface of your helmet it works well enough.Sound Quality : The speakers are by no means loud enough for use without an amplifier . With the headphone amplifier I am using I can clearly hear the music at highway speeds with my modular full face , though it is only a very modest level at full volume . The quality of sound however is flat and `` air-ey '' , do not expect anything more than the sound quality of cheap laptop speakers.To conclude , for me these speakers work well for making those long interstate journeys just a little less dull . So if you are looking for something to listen to the game on , or maybe listen to an audio book , or just a little background rhythm they work well enough . If you are looking to turn your helmet into a high fidelity jam box , you will need to look elsewhere .
 Quickly calculates routes -LRB- Sometimes does not display hourglass on longer routes so it looks like it is locked up , be patient -RRB- . Very clear screen , automatically adjusts brightness and even automatically changes to a night color pallet.Touch screen pretty good . My wife has better response with her finger nail than I have with my finger , but I have no problems with the major functions and only minor problems with some of the less used functions.Comes with a bulky , but very solid windshield mount.Only 2 real complaints , 1 -RRB- When playing a CD , control of the CD functions are limited , I still use the car CD . 2 -RRB- Volume control is a little awkward .
 I purchased this item when it first debuted in 2005 . After one month , the screen went blank and I was in Massachusetts . Called Customer Support and they said that the unit I had was a defect and they would replace it . -LRB- Meanwhile I purchased a Roadmate 760 -RRB- . The replacement arrived quickly and I 've had no problem , ever since . Yes , the unit can be slow -- but review the '' written route instructions '' and look for the road signs and you ca n't lose with this unit . The RECALCULATING FEATURE IS THE BEST and really helps me , when I miss a road . -LRB- THE ROADMATE JUST STOPS GIVING DIRECTIONS -- IF YOU MISS A ROAD . -RRB- The antennae that is attached to the unit is great , considering that with the Magellan I had to get an external antennae for it to operate in Boston . I just wish Inital would make a more compact unit with a dash mount , so it would n't be so bulky . -LRB- My Magellan Roadmatestopped functioning properly after 3-4months and customer support has yet to send me a return label with a return authorization number for service . My Magellan Roadmate is sitting in a box , while I am using this Initial Navigation System . -RRB- I would rate this Initial Unit a 4.5 . Mae
 Live in the mid-west , took trip cross country to West coast . Even crossing the desert and through the mountians the unit worked just great .
 I purchased this to replace a headset that I used at work for 8 years . It 's too soon to tell if this one will last as long as my previous headset , but so far I 'm pretty happy with it . The sound quality is good , and people can hear me very well , even with others in my office talking . I 'm using it with the GN8000 amplifier.Amazon had the best price on this , saving me anywhere from 10-40 dollars as compared to other vendors.Pretty satisfied and would buy again .
 This USB 2.0 Cardbus Card is manufactured by Apricorn . Its a perfect upgrade for those who have older laptops with only USB 1.1 . Unlike other USB PCMCIA cards , this card does not obstruct or take up two slots . The USB ports are on a dongle that connects to the card itself . The following is an excerpt from the manufacturers website : Apricorn 's EZ-USB 2.0 CardBus PC Card is the easiest way to add 2 self-powered ports of Hi-Speed USB 2.0 technology to your notebook . Our unique power management design eliminates the need of an AC adapter found on most competing products . Our Hi-Speed USB 2.0 CardBus card is certified by the Hi-Speed USB Organization and supports transfer speeds up to 480Mb/s or 40 times faster than USB 1.1 . EZ USB 2.0 CardBus PC Card is the best way for you to add external hard drives , DVD Drives , cameras , and scanners to your notebook . Compatible with all current USB products . -LSB- ... -RSB- I would have rated the product a 5 had it not been for the card breaking . The connector from the dongle to the card itself snapped . While the problem was due to my negligence , you should be aware of the issue , and be careful with it .
 I own both this Apricorn device , and another AKE branded one . The main difference with the other -LRB- AKE device -RRB- is that it has it 's own power supply -LRB- taken from an available USB port -RRB- . Both have their advantages , but this Apricorn PC card USB adapter is especially convenient in my opinion because : -LRB- 1 -RRB- It is completely flush with your laptop body when the connector dongle is removed -LRB- very simple to remove the dongle , so there is never any need to remove the actual PC card -RRB- . -LRB- 2 -RRB- The dongle allows you to be more careful when connecting devices by using the flexible wire connector . It 's easy to just pick it up so that you can see the ports properly , and connect your devices without worrying about poor alignment or damaging the USB plugs . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The slim profile of the dongle connector -LRB- barely thicker than the PC card itself -RRB- near the body of the laptop , means that this device can be used `` stacked '' , on laptops with two PC card slots occupied , even when there is one immediately on top of the other -LRB- no spacer in between -RRB- . -LRB- 4 -RRB- IMPORTANT
 I plugged it in and it just works on my old Dell Latitude C610 running WinXP Pro .
 Easy installation , perfect operation , low profile architecture so it fits completely inside its corresponding card slot leaving space for another card in twins slots .
 Good product , i am using 2 of them in P3 NEC laptops . Did not work , however , in some earlier P2 NEC laptops and this was not explained .
 Best wireless keyboard -LRB- For home theater -RRB- i have ever owned ! First off ... It works ! That 's right , most of the 2.4 g wirless keyboard do n't even work to begin with . They loose there connection . This one has eight channels you can set to find a frequence that does not inerfear with anything else . Second ... the mouse controls are second to none . You can hold the keyboard and navigate at the same time . Third ... It has very good range and will work though walls -LRB- again . . it works -RRB- . Fourth ... It take batteries . I do n't like anything i have to place in a charging stand . If that is what you want then you can always by rechargable batteries . You have the opption . Did i mention that this thing works !!! Yes i said it again because the other just do n't . Keep in mind i purchased this keyboard for home theater use only . If you want wirless -LRB- bluetooth -RRB- for your desktop then there are certainly cheaper opptions .
 Our company uses this product in all of our buildings . We have over 20 in service and have never had an issue . You do n't even need to load a driver . They work flawlessly on PC 's and laptops running Windows XP and Vista . Never tried a Mac . They also have a range of over 100 feet , and you can use up to 8 in one building.Perfect wireless business solution !
 I like mine a lot . It 's adjustable , so you can easily move it from your upper arm to your lower arm when you are swimming . It comes loose and re-tightens easily . I do different things in the pool and my lower arm is better for some things , so I move mine around.It 's about 2 inches wide and made of some sort of soft black fabric and the part you insert into the loop folds back and stays in place with velcro . If you have a really large arm , it might not fit you , but you could still use it on your forearm.My otterbox slipped right into the plastic attachment on the armband and that was that . It has n't come off since I put it on the armband and I use mine morning and evening ! I can open the otterbox with it still attached to the band to take my Ipod in and out to charge . I LOVE MINE ! -LRB- But the cords are annoying that run to your earphones from the otterbox . If you are getting this to swim -- it would be nice if they could make those bluetooth because I want my nano , I want to be able to change music around at will in the pool -RRB- . All in all , I use this arm band every day with my nano and otterbox and it is one of my top five favorite gadgets of the decade.Ohhh , I just saw sugar girl 's review and I so disagree . If you love to workout in the pool and you want access to your many playlists , the shuffle is not going to make you happy . Yes , it is smaller and if you are a serious lap swimmer , then youwill hate the cords that go to the otterbox , but the nano strapped to my arm is not a boom box . I LOVE MINE . I love it so much , if it broke , I would buy one every time it broke . I use it morning and evening for pool work-outs , some laps but also routines -RRB- and it makes two hours fly by ... I mean , if you swim for 20 minutes , then fine -- and everyone around me seems to stay exactly 20 minutes , but I 'm there for hours and I LOVE MINE , even with the cords and they are a pain.A woman yesterday told me how much she admired my workouts , and I tried to tell her she has no idea how much fun they are with the nano .
 It 's a armband . Connects to the otterbox waterproof casing for the ipod touch . If you have a large to huge arm ... Not for you .
 I own a 2300DL and just bought the 2350EN . This is a large enough leap in print quality for me to be happy I upgraded . The older 2300DL was a good color laser and worth the price but this new model is significantly better . My first photo print was really impressive . I would say it was so near the quality of my Epson Photo 780 that I was surprised . Unfortunately Color lasers can not print on true photo paper . Using plain paper on both produced very similar , and very good , photos . The printer takes its time to start up but its a small price to pay . I can definitely recommend this printer to anyone looking for a color laser .
 After doing a lot of research i finally went ahead and bought the Konica Minolta 2350 laser printer . Im glad i made the right choice cause the results are simply amazing ! The colors simply jump right at you , they are so vivid and bright . Showed the color results to my friends and they thought it was from a photo printer ! Im so happy to have finally gotten rid of my cheap ink-jet printer that was nothing but a pain due to the quick drying inks and the high cost of cartridges that would dry out in a month . The downside to this laser printer is dull status lcd with no backlight and the options menu could be confusing since it has tons of features . I recommend comparing this laser printer with the ones that cost twice as much and you 'll see what a great value it is .
 This Magicolor 2350EN is a dandy ! It installed easily without any problems and prints beautifully . It 's also fast and has a much smaller footprint than any HP color laser I 've seen . I love it .
 If you are in a tight budget like me , this is the one you want to get for your home office or small office , installation was so easy and color looks so great even with photos , highly recommand ...
 I 've had my MagiColor 2350EN for about a year now . I have n't had any of the bad experiences mentioned by other people so I thought I put in my review to balance out the overall picture a bit.I bought my printer brand new , not refurbished , from Amazon.Menu is no more difficult than most equipment I have worked with , it is just that there are so many options , it is multi-leveled . So what I did is print out the Menu Map Layout -LRB- built-in function -RRB- and stick it on the front of the printer . Now I can navigate easily.I print everything through the ethernet , never had a problem . I am running XP if that makes any difference.Paper goes through fine , I print on regular paper and 110lb paper , letter size and post card sizes , all fine!Color toner is expensive ... but I have n't seen any other printers with cheap color toners.I 've contacted tech support 3 times , found them to be very helpful.In fact , I am looking to buy my second one soon .
 I 've also had this printer for about a year , and use it exclusively to print digital photos . It has been a excellant performer , both through parallel and ethernet connection . I have n't seen any paper roll problems , using all types of paper including transparencies and matte photo paper . Toner does seem pricey , but it does n't dry out like the ink in my old Epson photo printer did , so I figure it 's a net savings .
 I purchased this for use in one of our classrooms where we use a computer and mounted projector for powerpoints . The range of this product is exactly as billed . I 'm no longer tied to the computer . In addition , it is n't necessary to have a mouse , which makes this particularly useful if you have a limited desk space or are using it away from your computer . I also like the smaller size of the keyboard because it will fit in the podium , where as the keyboard that came with the computer was to wide .
 I had a little trouble finding the right driver to work with my computer . I found some downloadalbe drivers on the manufactor 's website.This was a great tool for me . I bought this to use at home . What a relief to be free of wires . It makes imputing information and searching the web much more comfortable .
 I use this on the couch in front of a big screen hdtv while the computer is about 30ft away . It works great on the couch and around the room . I like the small design and the quality of construction is high.The mouse works better than expected . It has two speeds , if you press down harder the mouse speeds up . Other people have complained about the mouse but I actually think its pretty good . One thing it definately needs is a scroll wheel . I use the arrow buttons to navigate but it would be much easier if there was a scroll wheel next to the mouse.The transmitter is small and it was a nice surprise to see it didnt need a seperate power supply . All I had to do was plug it into the USB port and it worked instantly .
 We use it on our cobbled together media-laptop that displays across the room on the big screen LCD . The mouse operation is a mite slow , but no one should hurry in the entertainment center anyhow . otherwise , this keyboard is a big thumbs up .
 I use this keyboard for my HTPC and it works great . Being able to completely control my computer from my couch without having to find a separate mouse , and a surface to use it from , is wonderful . Also , the range of the keyboard is outstanding.If you 're considering one of the Gyration keyboards I 'd look at this one first/also .
 I am writing from my Versapoint keyboard on my PS3 . The keyboard was design for the living room or classroom . The keyboard is compact and sturdy . It is strong enough to sit on your lap or grip with two hands to the side . What I like is the very responsive keypad . The mouse in mouse pad is convenient but slow and lagging . There are trigger buttons in the front.If I waited a little then I would have gotten the Bluetooth rechargeable from Logitech . The RF range on this pad is good with no interference at all . The BTC 9019urf Wireless Multimedia USB Keyboard is half the price and has a bettter mousetick , but it works with the PC and has some issue with the PS3 .
 For a couple years this keyboard has been used 5 days a week for about an hour a day and has worked well . I 'm just changing the batteries on it , and working fine again . I ca n't recall changing the batteries on it this year either , so it does fine in that area too.It came as a combo with a wireless mouse that had a laser pointer in it too , and that has also been fine.I ca n't recall a time that either one has `` lost its connection '' to the PC.From a sticker on the back it 's officially : Part No
 I have had my VersaPoint keyboard for almost 10 years . It is on 24 hours a day and I have replaced batteries in the unit two times . Amazing.The unit is solid and well constructed . I use mine to control a media station in a room 50 feet away from my viewing area . No other wireless keyboard product has this range and I have tested others.Granted , it certainly is not like having a mouse and with an ergo keyboard , but given its purpose , to be compact and support keyboard/mouse in a single device , I feel it has no equal .
 Being slightly paranoid about losing data , I have had tape backups for both desktops and servers for years . As my software business grew , I kept adding servers and hard drives , and then the backups went to two , then three , and more tapes . As tape capacity increased , hard drive capacity increased faster . I finally started looking at robotic tape libraries as an investment rather than an incredibly expensive luxury and decided to take the plunge . In the end , the SuperLoader3 was the right choice at the right price . I stuck with proven LTO-2 technology in a compromise between capacity and cost . This year I added a second magazine to increase the capacity to 16 tapes . Integration with BackupExec 10d is seamless and the UltraSCSI interface is fast . I also recommend the Symantec LiveState image backup software . You ca n't pull an image directly off tape , but keeping images on your backup tapes is true belt and suspenders security . Management of the SuperLoader 3 is easy through a web interface or the controls on the device . I recommend getting a fire safe if you intend to keep backups on site , but for the truly paranoid , keep some backup copies off site as well . In a business that makes money selling time , spending your time rebuilding lost software and data or pulling tapes in an out is not a good use of your time . The investment has proven itself in several recoveries over the last year on desktops and servers , and while I use disk-to-disk backup as well , the tape backups have been invaluable .
 I 've used this remote mouse for about 5 years and had no problems . First , I used it in a high school classroom for about three years . The thumb pad/directional thing took a few days to get accustomed to but otherwise it was easy to use . Now , I use it in a college classroom and again have had zero problems . I hate that some of the others reviewing this product have had issues . I 've recommended it to multiple teachers with no complaints . Some others teachers in my school purchased a cheaper and smaller remote mouse -LRB- around $ 60 -RRB- but they ALL hated it -LRB- the thumb pad/directional part was too stiff and hard to use -RRB- and opted for this one instead.Mac users - you 're out of luck ! There does n't appear to be any software to go with a MAC .
 I have owned two of these remotes -LRB- had to give one to a friend -RRB- and they are super awesome ! I ca n't think of one bad thing to say or even an improvement of the remote . You should buy it , you wo n't be disappointed.Oh , I did think of one thing , sometimes it seems you have to push the clicker two or three times in the beginning of the presentation to kind of get it started , but after that , it is very responsive and fine for the rest of the presentation.Great remote and definitely recommend purchasing .
 We have one of these in a Training Room and it has worked so well we bought another to pack with a laptop and portable projector . The software shipped with the remote allows you to customize the buttons and provides several clever as well as practical effects . Though I 've not had much experience with other remotes , this one does everything we need it to plus more .
 I use this remote mouse everyday in my classroom , and it works great . I 've never had a problem with it . There are smaller ones that cost around $ 69 but the other teachers at our school do not like them as well because the thumb pad -LRB- for moving the mouse pointer -RRB- is harder to use . This one by Interlink is much easier . I 've used it for four or five years and ca n't remember changing the batteries . The keyboard option is nice but I found that I do n't use it as much as I thought I would . It also has the mouse controlers on the top corners , which is helpful . The only issue we 've had with the mouse is when two teachers next door have this same mouse . The mouse has such a long range it tries to control the computers in both rooms . I 'm sure there is a way to change the channel so we 're looking into that .
 I support a school where we use these remotes in 60 classrooms and I am now taking over another school that does not use this remote . I will be replacing all the remotes at the new school over the next year with these . They work well , allow for easy programming to minimize interference . The extra software is n't needed if all you do is use it for a mouse , works on WinXP right out of the box.The remote is larger than others I have used , but the durability out does everything in its price range . In the last 3 months I have had 6 cheaper remotes fail due to being dropped or failing to connect . I will not buy cheap remotes when this one is only $ 20 more and lasts twice as long.If you need a basic remote mouse for a classroom , you wo n't find anything better for the price.Range is excellent , function consistent , durability to last.Later
 I purchased the Interlink Electronics VP4810 on August 22 , 2007 and have been using it through the USB connection to a computer using Windows XP as the OS . I had used this product for a number of years at one institution that supplied the units but moved to another institution that did not . I was not happy at all with the wireless mouse the institution supplied and which was the only tool I could use to advance slides when away from the computer desk , so I purchased my own VP4810 and use it as a portable unit . I have had absolutely no trouble with it -LRB- I downloaded the software from Interlink 's website rather than use the disc that came with the unit so I could , hopefully , get the most recent software version -RRB- . I admit I use it only as a two-button mouse and do not , as yet , use all the other features that come with the software . I appreciate the freedom the unit gives me in making presentations and the laser pointer feature is also very handy .
 As a new user I 'm finding this a very comfortable remote to use . My husband 's used it at work for several months now and loves it . We ordered ous from amazon and just got it hooked up on our computer at home today and I 'm having no problems getting used to it . Overall , a very good product so far .
 I have used this remote for well over a year in a high school classroom and have had absolutely no problem with it . I suspect the reviewer above had some sort of software conflict , but it must be with another third-party program . The controls can be a little touchy , but that is more an issue of the toggle-pad mouse control than any software issue . I use it to navigate presentations and sites I am show in my classroom and for that it does great.I have also suggested that this remote -LRB- and keyboard -RRB- should be on my school district 's list of readily available items for rooms equipped with presentation stations .
 I purchased the Skylink SC-10 system along with the Skylink SC-100 system . It made sense to purchase both of these systems because , together , they had everything that I needed - a keypad , an audio alarm , four door/window sensors , a motion detector , and three handheld transmitters for easy arm/disarm action.My one knock on the SC-10 system is this - I think that at least one motion detector is important . There is a possibility that someone breaking in may not open the door/window that they break through . They could easily break through a window pane and climb through rather than break the window and reach through to open the window . They may go this route , ESPECIALLY if they suspect/know you have an alarm system . Then the motion detector is your only line of defense.As for the product ... I was a little worried that configuring the two systems into one would be difficult . No problem ! The instructions were very straight-forward , and I had the two systems intermingled within 15 minutes of reprogramming -LRB- this word makes it sound daunting , but do n't sweat it -RRB- . Installation is also very easy . I am glad that they include both screws for mounting , as well as double-sided adhesive . Two of the doors that I installed sensors on are metal , and I did n't want to screw into them , so I used the adhesive . Works great.I am extremely happy with my purchase . For $ 150 total , I have a very complete sense of protection . If someone breaks in , I will have time to get the last but not least important part of the system ready - my twelve gauge shotgun . My wife will be calling the police . And more than likely , the clown who broke in will be making a run for it as soon as the alarm goes off anyway and not making it up the stairs to our living quarters.Please note , I have only had the system installed and running for two days , so this review is based upon my initial reaction and limited use of the product.If you are looking for a cheap yet reliable means of protecting yourself and your family , I would highly recommend the Skylink alarm systems . If you 're considering the SC-10 system in particular , I would highly recommend that you add another system like the SC-100 , which includes a motion detector , or just a single motion detector in order to offer a second layer of protection beyond the door/window sensors .
 I bought this wireless alarm system to comply with our insurance company 's policy . The ability to add additional components like the emergency dialing system , and the -LRB- 2 -RRB- remote controls that the basic kit comes with were deciding factors in my making this purchase . Installation was simple . The sensors give off a loud enough `` bing '' noise to alert you that someone has opened a door and also tells delivery people and others that you have a security system . There are easy push button controls on the remotes to set the alarm function on/off and to set the door ajar `` bing '' on/off . For the few bucks I paid -- this system fit the bill .
 I purchased this product with the SC-1000 . You can program the SC-10 to the SC-1000 control panel to work as a siren but the instructions to do that do n't come with either . They 're on their website -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . Also after everything is programmed the last thing that should be programmed is the wireless keychain transmitters to the SC-10 so when the control panel is triggered and both sirens are going off that the transmitter turns off the control panel AND the siren . I found out that turning off the alarm does n't turn off the SC-10 siren . I gave this product 5 stars because it delivers on what it says it does . If you really want a better system then go with the SC-1000 or do what I did and get the SC-1000 and the SC-10 .
 Get this only as a supplement to the main panelSkylink SC-1000 Complete Wireless Alarm System . It will work without it , but it 's much better with it .
 this item took a little while to set up with the other skylink system purchased but is simple to understand and works very well . after dealing with skylink to correct the dialer problem , very satisfied
 Make sure you pay attention to how others have set their systems up , and other reviews.I followed a review on Amazon to link this product to the autodialer product , and the system has worked great for over a year now , with minimal problems .
 This product is in addition to my SC-1000 and keep my family safe . I do n't have to spent a thousand of dollar and monitoring fee .
 This is a good product that is easy to install . I have had it installed now for over a year . The only problem I have had is that one of the remotes will no longer turn the chime function on and off . If you lose power the chime function turns on when power is returned which makes the unit chime every time a door or window is opened - I find it anoying and turn it off with the remote .
 Very good set . Everything came out as expected . Easy setup.The syren could be louder.I uses 9v batteries , that last not as longer as other kind of batteries and are not as cheap.A good choice if you 're on your own setting the security for your house .
 This security system was easy to set up . I have thick plaster walls , but the remote works well from a distance . I did get false alarms , because I tried to use the sticky foam to mount it so I would n't have to put holes in the walls of my apartment . When temperature fluctuates , these seemingly VERY sticky strips do not hold , the sensors fall off , the alarm goes off , and the neighbors are unhappy . Ever since I secured it with screws , it has worked well . My only gripe is that there is no way to know if the alarm has been tripped while I was away from home , unless the neighbors say something .
 I have not install it yet , but reading the intstroctions and what it is capable of doing it seems real good product .
 I called Brinks new home security company , BroadView . They told me for $ 100 they would install 2 door sensors and 2 window sensors . Any additional sensors would be $ 75 a piece . Additionally I would pay $ 40 a month for their service and sign a 3 year contract . Thats $ 1500 !!! If the system broke or messed up I would have to pay a BroadView tech to come out and fix it . WTF ? Ok , so their commercials are great . I called ADT . I mean they have to be better , right ? NO ! Same deal.You ca n't put a price on your families safety but are those companies services that great ? If a sensor is triggered , they call your house . No sh * & sherlock ! Thats going to help me out a lot ! I could have called 911 on my own , and that 's a free call.Ok , the SKYLINK is Awesome . It was terribly simple to set up and install . I did n't use the switchboard that calls your phone since I do n't use a land line . Each item came with everything I needed to install it . I tricked out my entire house with a sensor on each window and door . At night I just hit my keyring and hear the beeb when it arms . I set the sensor up in the hallway , but had to take it down because the dog kept triggering it and sending me flying around the house with a loaded gun . Other than that , there have been no false alarms . The alarm is LOUD . My eardrums pulse and head throbs even from the other side of the house . It is ridiculous loud . There is no way and intruder will continue to rob your house with that thing going off . The alarm is run buy a battery so it can be ripped off the wall or the power can be cut , and it will continue to work . I could n't really hear it outside the house but inside ... . You can buy and additional alarm to put outside but your neighbors will hate you for testing it or accidentally tripping on your way out the window.I have zero regrets about purchasing Skylink and highly recommend it .
 I bought this to be used with the SC-1000 alarm system I purchased at the same time . -LRB- See my comprehensive review of the SC-1000 . -RRB- There was nothing in the instructions about how to use this as just an external siren . I had to download the AA-433 instructions from Skylink 's website . Finally got it working . Very loud !
 I did as another reviewer suggested and purchased the SC-10 in combination with the SC-1000 , primarily for the same reasons , to receive another key transmitter , extra door/window sensor and external alarm.Once configured the system has worked flawlessly . I would recommend this to anyone looking for an inexpensive way to secure their property . The only drawback as was also described by someone else is the larger pieces that are installed on your door/window .
 Hey guys , We bought this system couple days ago and received it very fast . It took about 30 min to read through the manual and another 30 to get stuff ready . We like it.The siren is very very loud , yeah to be honest . The remotes and the sensors all are already programmed so no need to do so yourself . -LRB- You might if not , but easy too -RRB- . I used screws to attach all even though they provide some double sided kind of tape.Just do n't want to have surprises to have stuff fall off and start buzzing out of control ! When it comes to the range , it 's very good . From my bed or from the front yard I can set it up and also de-activate the system -LRB- with the remote -RRB- . My wife and I each have a remote . I think the price is kind of right . Not too cheap or expensive . That 's the basic system we need for now . Only con is we have to change some batteries in the long run especially the remote controls.But do n't you worry cause the main system has AC adapter to power it!Good luck and be safe !
 I have not found any dislikes about this product . When I tell my friends about it I feel like I am trying to sell them one because I like it so much . It is great if you want a fully functional security system that you do not want to pay a $ 40 monitoring fee for . I have not tried out all of the expandable features yet but I assume they work well . Correction , I found something that I do n't like about it . If you do n't have a land line phone then the phone-system will not work . I only have a VOIP and it is not compatible with it . Other than that it is a sweet buy .
 This system has been working fine . We use the Panasonic Pet Cam also to see our driveway , and living room . The alarm can call the phone , and the phone can look at the cameras .
 It was very easy to set up sensors and even easier to set them to start working . The alarm is very loud and the hand held remotes turn them on and off easy . I do not have the dailer , but I would suggest it for someone that lives alone . It would work just as well as life alert or some of these other products that you have to pay a monthly fee . I had to use mini washers under neath the sensor bars to raise the ones on the door to meet the ones on the door frame . So you ca n't see them . A great product for home security !
 Great price and very fast shipping . Bought a motion sensor and additional transmitter along with the SC-10 package . A snap to program , install and operate . Works great ! Update
 We looked into home security after learning of neighborhood break ins . This product fit the bill completely . It works as advertised and will save us the $ 50 a month for a `` professional '' company to do the same . The system was quite easy to install and program . I would advise this set up for the average homeowner or renter . We bought this system primarily as a secondary audible alarm and extra remotes to complement the Skylink SC 1000 .
 sound aint the best , but sure is convenient when travelling.i keep it my suit case all the time
 This is a great sounding speaker set for its size , I was amazed . It is perfect for purse , briefcase or backpack . I have n't used it with batteries yet but they should last a reasonable amount of time if you keep the volume at a personal level . Highly recommend .
 Sound quality is fineIt looks cuteNot very easy to plug/unplug the power and audio cord , it 's hidden too deep .
 Amazing sound in this little box and sleek looking . Its very elegant looking and sounds awesome .
 If you are looking at this product ... GET IT !! i was suprized when i heard the quality of sound on this speaker system.I will refer this product to anyone who is looking for a portibal speaker system .
 I got these speakers as a backup to another speaker that I got a while back . They work fine and I like how it slides to become more compact . The only problem I had was that the battery compartment does n't want to open very nicely . I actually snapped the lever that opens it . Unfortunately it was a small piece of plastic that broke , so I could n't do anything about it . I have n't used it much since then . No other complaints though .
 Despite the impossible packing , I do love the speaker that I was able to pry out . Ha ! It has a good sound quality to it . I do wish it would go a little louder , but overall it 's fine . It seems to easily fill up a room in my house . I 'm happy with it and would buy it again .
 It 's RIDICULOUS how much sound I get from this . I recently sold my Bose b/c I 'm moving overseas , replaced it with this . I ca n't say I miss the Bose too much since I keep this on about the same volume and the sound 's great enough.I 'm not an audiophile anyways . Do n't expect perfection.And it 's cool looking . I like how the cover doubles as a stand . This thing is made well for sure too.Very glad I got this .
 Such a small gadget but with power . I bought it for listening to the music by the pool and did not expect much . Surprise ! The sound is clear and strong and the design is so appealing . Also , as I 'm often traveling , it 's so easy to stuff it anywhere in the luggage . I 'm going to buy one more for my daughter !!!!
 they sound like a little boombox , dont expect them to be a stereo replacement , but for the price and portability they are pretty good
 I just took this speaker system on a trip with me . It was so convenient and I loved listening to my Ipod music in my hotel room . The sound coming out of these little speakers is great . I changed the equalizer on my Ipod Classic to the small speakers setting and it sounded even better . I highly recommend this little system , especially because it is very affordable .
 This is a device that should be considered for hotel room use only !! If that is your intent , then you will be extremely happy at how nicely it fills your hotel room with your tunes , and how little space it takes up in your suitcase.I recommend this device for road warriors who spend a lot of time in hotel rooms , since it is not intended to fill up a room more than 400SF -LRB- 40m2 -RRB- .
 These speakers are loud . I am using it in my bathroom for when I am taking a shower and I can hear it fine over the shower noise .
 Well the packaging is a really tough but what an amazing product ! Nothing else to say , its just unbelivable !
 I bought these for myself and enjoyed the sound and portability of them , so I bought a set for a family member . Very good sound and nice cloth bag to keep them in .
 I read all of the reviews before buying it . I am glad i did . All the rave reviews are true . The sound quality is amazing for such a small and stylized product . If you looking into buying it , GO FOR IT ! it 's worth it .
 I use these speakers in my home office and while traveling for business . They give especially good sound given their size and price .
 I use it to play background music in my office . It fits the job perfectly .
 Really like this speaker system , it is sleek , comes in a bag so you can take it wherever and the sound is great . The only reason I didnt give it 5 stars is because it is a little cumbersome to get the connecting cable in and out of the speaker , other than that , it 's great .
 Performance wise , it 's a nice sounding set of speakers for $ 35 . The designs are a plus/minus thing for me . It has a visually pleasing shape when opened vs. the typical squarish designs of other speakers . On the other hand , it also makes it very difficult to pack into a typical laptop case because of the curvature of the unit when closed . The battery operation of the unit is very convenient but replacing the batteries will be a chore .
 I bought this tiny speaker set when it was on sale on Amazon Gold Box . I misread the size of the speaker when ordering , and was in for a pleasant heart-attack when I saw how small it was . A lot of attention to detail has gone in to make this bundle entirely hassle-free when it comes to setup , storage , and transportation . Highly recommended for personal use in small to medium-sized rooms , or while on the move .
 I purchased two of these units and gave them to my children as gifts . They both rave about the sound quality and the ease of use . The units seem to be very well constructed . I give them a five rating based on sound reproduction and build quality !! JBL could have made them a little better by including a rechargable battery , but they will run for a very long time on standard batteris .
 This is a handy product to go with your MP3 when on the road.It 's compact and attractive looking .
 These speakers have great sound and are so small and portable . I run conferences worldwide and needed little speakers to take with me for presentations . These work fine for a small group -LRB- just what I needed -RRB- . It was a little difficult -LRB- at first -RRB- figuring out battery door and cord attachments , but now that I 've got those down , I 'm happy .
 For $ 35 , I think this was a real bargain . Sound is decent , volume is more than enough for a small room , but then again , I 'm no head-banger . Used it on our recent cruise and it worked great . Have n't tried battery option so no comment on battery life.I just hope that this does n't blow out like my JBL Creature II . Got my fingers crossed .
 Nice sound , nice appearence , easy to set up and especially for the 34.99 I think I paid for it . got it for ipod in my travel van .
 So far I 've used the On Tour with my 8GB Sandisk Sansa - they make a perfect pair -LRB- looks too -RRB- . The speakers are clear sounding , with pleasant bass and clear mid-highs -LRB- not tinny -RRB- . They are used when we 're traveling and based in a hotel room , and are a perfect alternative to headphones . Since they are not boom box sized , they 're not going to fill a large room with sound , but for a small to mid-sized room they work just fine . I used to pack an old pair of computer speakers - these give me similar performance without the bulk.I nixed a star because the AC adapter has to be stored separately , and has that thin wire that twists up too easily . Additionally JBL should have included a pouch for the AC adapter , but I 'll improvise a solution . Overall highly recommended .
 I ordered these speakers as one of the `` Deal of the Day '' items last week . I 've been wanting something like this because I love listening to my ipod while I work around the house , but I ca n't stand having the headphones on . Try cleaning the tub with the cords dangling everywhere!So , with the price being right I ordered these speakers , fully expecting a much bigger unit . When the box arrived , I was dismayed at the packaging . It comes packed in that thick plastic that you need a strong pair of scissors and some luck from above to get open . A couple of bleeding knuckles later , and I was able to wrench it free from the packing . -LRB- thus my four star rating , rather than five . Any item that causes me to bleed automatically loses a star . -RRB- I was n't sure if this small little unit would deliver enough sound in my house that has 14 ' vaulted ceilings and an open floorplan . Boy was I surprised !! This thing sounds amazing ! It 's light and portable enough to carry from room to room , but I do n't think I 'll need to ! I can just leave it set up in the kitchen and hear it all over the house.I agree with others who say that it 's too bad that you have to unplug the whole thing to close the lid but , like they also said , it 's barely worth mentioning ... barely.I 'm exceptionally happy with this unit .
 I was looking for a set of speakers to hook up to a Sirius Stiletto home dock so that I could listen to Sirius while in my home office . I tried the Klipsch Pro-media speakers and the Bose Companion 2 -LRB- Series II -RRB- speakers . The Klipsch had no mid-range and the Bose had way to much bass resulting in a horribly muddy sound . These JBLs sound much better than either , and they are truly portable as well . I keep the AC Adapter plugged in my home office , and plug them in while I am working there . And when I head out to the backyard I take these speakers and the Stiletto with me to listen to outside.Great sound!Truly Portable!Very affordable!Thank you JBL !
 I am an ex-musician and an electronics engineer . I have heard a lot of speakers that sound better than these - that go on a bookshelf . These little fellows deliver undistorted , well-imaged sound out of a package that folds small enough to -LRB- almost -RRB- fit in a pocket . And they look good too.One major peeve , but not enough to dampen my love
 Surprisingly good sound in a small box . Very compact and great design . I use it with a Sansa E260 that has a pre-set volume control . I 've tried a couple other portable speakers -LRB- mini-plug input type -RRB- , but the volume was too soft . However , these speakers can do the job and get loud enough for personal listening .
 I read all the reviews on these speakers -LRB- including the white ones -RRB- . The sound quality , considering these are portable speakers , is excellent
 I bought these speakers for my iRiver MP3 player . I took this unit on vacation and am so glad I did . The sound was incredible . As good as my home stereo . Granted , you can not crank the volume on this unit like a home stereo , but it was loud enough that you could hear it poolside from our 4th floor balcony . I also took it to the beach every day . Other reviewers stated that it did n't have much bass . I disagree . I adjusted the EQ settings on my MP3 player and got quality sound , bass and all . The only improvement I would like to see is the carrying bag , which fits the unit perfectly , but could use some additional room to store extra batteries or the MP3player/cord .
 I was looking for a speaker system that was small enough to carry in my purse -LRB- yes I have a large purse -RRB- yet had good sound quality . The small ones I had seen before purchasing this item had a tin sound or it sounded like it was in a well . People in my office were also amazed that the sound quality was as nice coming from such a small item -LRB- weighs just over 1 pound -RRB- . Sound quality while using the batteries was as good as when using the included AC adapter . I am very happy with this item . To turn the item off , you just close the case and the power light switches off . For me , portability was priority with sound quality being second . However , with this JBL On Tour I was able to have both in one item .
 Weighs less than a pound.Measures 7 '' x 3.5 '' x 1.4 `` Comes with an AC adapterRequires 4 `` AAA `` s if not using Ac adapterPros : - Loud enough for it size . Decent sound and base . Certainly louder than my Creative TravelSound 400 Portable Speaker System.-Love the slide cover design-Sleek looking.-Unlike the Creative Travelsound , the speakers have grills to protect it.-Rubber footing prevents it from sliding off the table.Cons : - Battery compartment is somewhat difficult to place and remove batteries . Opening the compartment is also not a piece of cake.-Awkward placement of the power input and audio jack . You have to unplug both to close the lid.-one of the toughest bubble product case I have struggled opening . Be careful cutting your fingers.-batteries not includedOff button ? Press the '' + '' and '' - '' buttons at the same time.This appeared at least 3 times on Amazon Goldbox -LRB- Around 39 $ -RRB-
 Compact and puts out decent sound . The set includes an AC adapter as well as the patch cord and the speakers do work best when you can use AC . The adapter is not bulky like many and is offset 90 degrees so as not to take up a bunch of space on the outlet . I use this unit in a church small group setting , large room with ~ 20 people around tables , and I do n't need full volume . Also , at high volume there is not the distortion you get with other speakers . These are great for `` nearby '' listening but I would look to other speakers if I wanted to `` fill a room '' with sound , but then this is what one should expect . The unit comes with a soft , corded bag which can also hold the patch cord but not the adapter . I found a larger bag that came with a SCUBA mask to hold the smaller bag along with the adapter , it would be nice if the bag they provided could hold it all in the first place . I do recommend these if you wish to have portables for personal or `` small area '' listening .
 This is just what I was looking for
 The size is great . The sound quality is decent . You give up some `` stereo '' sound by not having 2 speakers that are apart . However , I was looking for something to take on the road . This is perfect for travel .
 great product . . I have a few of them ... put them in the bike basket on a beach cruise and rock out to tunes on the ipod ... great sound ! batteries last forever in this .
 this is the second JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System I purchased . the first one 's speakers blew out.Pro
 Super Sound in a small compact package . You will be very pleasantly surprised by the sound quality.Definitely makes listening to music and watching movies much more enjoyable -LRB- from a laptop -RRB- with these speakers . I would recommend these speakers to anyone considering upgrading the sound quality of a laptop or any other portable device . Pretty good deal too .
 It 's a great product for the price . It 's lightweight and has a full range of sound . Perfect for a traveling musician . What would make it better is a rechargeable battery and the ability to store the cables within the unit somehow .
 I really like these speakers . They have great sound quality but are light and compact . If you are using batteries instead of the wall adapter , be aware that the speakers will cut off at certain volumes when the batteries start to drain .
 I got these speakers as a gift two years ago and I use them all the time . As their name implies -LRB- states , more like it -RRB- , they are quite portable . As for quality , I was quite impressed . Despite the unit 's size , it produces good quality sound that can be turned up rather loud without distorting the music . I use them around the house -LRB- mostly in the kitchen -RRB- and have also taken them hiking and paintballing . I do n't know how they would stack up against other portable speakers because these are the only ones I 've owned , but I am more than satisfied with them .
 i recently bought the ontours after hearing them at a friends hotel room and was impressed by the sound that they put out . got them for a song -LSB- $ 39 as against $ 100 retail -RSB- . new .110 / 220 A/C adaptor is a great accessory.their size and hence portability as a major plus . i ve since stopped carrying my NXT flat panel portables.prompt delivery also.there might be better sounding portable spkrs around but none that match its price/size/sound combination .
 Lots of clear sound from such a small system!I bought this system for my laptop and Ipod and the sound is wonderful on both.It wo n't fit in your pocket , but is small enough to stick in a laptop bag or purse with no trouble.I will repeat what others have said - that it is a mild annoyance to have to unplug the unit to close it-but for the quality of this unit , this is a non-problem . Get This ! You will not be dissatisfied !
 I purchased this mainly to listen to my Kindle , but it also does an excellent job with my iPod .
 This little unit is great . For it 's size , it has amazing sound . Of course it does n't have thumping bass but it does have pretty good overall sound and that includes a fairly good volume . I love this thing .
 I am very happy with this purchase . These offer great sound quality for small spaces , I use them at work at my nurses station or at home while cooking in the kitchen . Highly portable , and I love the slide that protects the speakers while in transit . The only complaint I have is that it is difficult to access the ports in the back ; it always is a pain to hook it up . Once it gets going everything is fine though , not a deal-breaker , just a minor annoyance . I would buy again .
 Very portable and better sounding then what I had expected with good volume range for entertaining a small group .
 So as others have said previously , quality and quantity of sound from this liitle unit is impressive . Works well with my Zune and my Dell computer . Comes with a variety of connector cables to handle many different hookups . Had a little issue with the jacks in the back of the unit not making good connection at first but this went away after a few cycles of use -LRB- not sure why , guessing the receptacles just seated themselves better in the unit -RRB- . Main complaint is same others have noted , have to pull all the connections in the back of the unit to close the lid and turn it off .
 A good speaker for home and travel . The sound is acceptable and it folds up nicely into a small package for travel .
 I 'm a traveling/touring audio-visual technician . A co-worker turned my on to this speaker . I have no regrets about purchasing this unit . Reasonably compact . Very good sound for the size/money .
 very portable although I was expecting a little moresound out of this , but still decent . enough for a group get together .
 Low cost unit provides adequate music production . This is n't a studio quality sound unit by any stretch of the imagination , but plugged into my kitchen outlet and played at a comfortable listening decibel , it performs well . Clear sound , good unit for playing my mp3 stuff .
 I spend all my time teaching things about design , art , photo & fashion . I like to do it with videos , animations , etc , in order to be on ` the times ' . These little speakers provide a extremely sharp sound , filling the classroom , without distortion even if I turned the volume up . The convenient design is about the same size and shape of a portable liquor bottle . The y provide with it a convenient flannel purse where you can put it away , avoiding scratching - the surface is particular brilliant.I never get it for the description here , but it was a very pleasant surprise to discover that if you pull a little arrow in the bottom there is a place where you can hide four AA batteries , making it even more portable
 Great little speaker - the volume has been sufficient even for outdoor entertaining , coupled with MP3 player 's volume . Sound is surprisingly clear and full-bodied . Great quality for the price
 I just got this little guy in and i have to say i am very pleased with it ! the sound quality is great considering how small this unit really is ! -LRB- it fits in the palm of your hands -RRB- the design , and quality is very nice . with the rebate offered at the moment , it 's well worth the price . -LRB- i got mine at 35 , now with rebate it 's 30 -RRB- worth the price for sure . no , it 's not going to shake any windows , but what matters is the sound quality . on both my psp and itouch it 's perfect . being that it can be battery powered , these things will go everywhere with me , hiking , picnics , bbqs , etc. with it 's compact size carrying it wo n't be a problem . 4 AAA batteries needed , which i recommend rechargeable ones.so if you 're in the market for a portable speaker for your ipod , psp , or any other portable sound device , get this and you wo n't be disappointed . oh and i think it 's also very sleek !
 I was looking for a set of speakers that were portable for my iPod and laptop . After doing a little research this item sounded like a great value for the price . Well , I received them today and I think they sound great . Super small and very sleek looking . I love how they cover slides open . Sound is very good for what I 'm looking for and I 'm impressed with the amount of bass for how small they are . I certainly would n't recommend substituting these for a home stereo system . But , if you 're looking for something that 's easy to carry around and puts out a decent sound then look no further . Definitely worth the price .
 I purchased the JBL On Tour Portable Speakers for use with my iPod . The unit is light and compact with a sliding cover to protect the speakers and allow easy transport . The sound produced by these tiny speakers is outstanding ! I was concerned about blowing out the speakers , but they pump out great sound ; clear , crisp highs and the bass is more than adequate.JBL has a good reputation , but this unit is very impressive . The two up/down volume buttons are tiny and , when pressed simultaneously , turn the power on/off . The unit runs on AA batteries ; I use rechargeables and they last awhile , even with high volume.I would certainly recommend these speakers .
 The JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System ending up being an early Christmas gift for my sister , whose traditional stereo system has never fully been set up after her last move . Unboxing the speaker , I had concerns that it was so small and light , the sound would be less than I had hoped . Boy , was I wrong . The speaker had a full , rich sound which easily filled the entire house with the sound of Christmas music as we decorated the tree , baked goodies , and went about our holiday tasks.Now I just need to purchase this system for myself ...
 I love these speakers . I 've owned a JBL On Tour for almost two years until it broke due to repeated accidental yanking of the cord , but I bought a replacement because it looks slick , it sounds good for its size , and can be had for half the `` normal '' price if you search hard enough . A springy cord would be a good improvement for those of us who install these speakers on a bicycle . I have it on my handle bar giving me clear sounds just an ear-shot away so I no longer have to wear headphones or ear buds when cruising on hot summer days . Riding a bicycle with bulky headphones gets sweaty and of course it 's dangerous but I got ta have music when I ride my bike and JBL On Tour provides my music addiction in style . I maybe the only one in my town that have a sound system on a bicycle so people on the street who see and hear these speakers when I cruise by are always impressed .
 I 've owned two sets of these little gems for exactly one year today . I bought them for travel initially for my laptop & MP3 player . I was impressed with the range and clarity of the sound . One thing they lacked was separation -LRB- a fair trade-off for portability -RRB- . I got to thinking that if I used two sets of them I might solve the problem -LRB- I know what you 're thinking - A/B on the right and A/B on the left ??? That 's not separation ! -RRB- . Well , not so fast . What I did was wyed the L & R together with an RCA ` Y ' adapter on each set -LRB- giving me mono input to each pair -RRB- and then used one unit for each stereo output . The result is four independently powered speakers -LRB- two left & two right -RRB- for a total of 6 watts per channel . I use them mounted vertically on a home-made bracket that sits out of sight behind the laptop screen . The small size of the speakers belies the full tonality I 'm enjoying -LRB- no subwoofer required , either -RRB- . I 'd give them 6 stars if I could . I think you 'll have a challenge matching my little setup for under $ 100 .
 I was having a hard time finding a set of good portable speakers . I purchased these at a Staples store -LRB- and overpaid -RRB- with the expectation that I would probably be returning them the next day . It turns out that these are a great set of travel speakers . Do n't expect lots of bass , or great stereo separation . What you can expect is good sound , good volume , and good portability . I would n't purchase these to just use as stationary speakers , the emphasis is here is travel.When used with a good set of NiMH AA rechargeable batteries , battery life is actually very good . When closed , the case packs nicely in luggage or a backpack .
 Very happy with the quality . Gives me all the sound I need . Taking it on my cruise .
 At that price range , I think it 's difficult to find a product with that sound . The only drawback might be the connectors not very well located -LRB- the system has to be open to make the power/audio connection -RRB- Any player can be plugged to the system since this is just an audio jack connection so your ipod can not be controlled or charged with the speaker system . Not an issue for me .
 I must admit I was a little skeptical when I first received this item - it looked way too small to have any chance to deliver quality sound . But when I hooked it up to my mp3 player , I was pleasantly surprised . I am technologically challegened so I do n't understand how JBL produces such a big sound from such a compact unit - so I just sit back and enjoy .
 I bought this in order to listen to my iaudio mp3 player without headphone wires while working out on my Bowflex and it sounds great . I like the versatility of being able to plug it in to the wall or using 4 AAA batteries and taking it anywhere . The storage case could be improved by allowing more space for the cables .
 This speaker provides good sound in the price range I was looking to pay -LRB- $ 30 - $ 40 -RRB- . The other great thing is that it 's very portable . You do n't even need a power outlet because it can be powered by 4 AAA -LRB- yes , triple A -RRB- batteries . I could n't hear a difference between using the AC adapter and batteries when plugged into my mp3 player .
 These speakers are exactly what I needed . They are compact and easy to travel with and they are very easy to use . They run with battery or off of a power cord ... and they really sound great considering their size . I 'm impressed and very happy with my purchase .
 I bought this as a Gold Box deal of the day item . For the price you ca n't beat it . When I first plugged it in I could n't believe the quality and loudness for such a small set of speakers . The size makes it ultra portable , it 's sleek and cool looking , and the sound is great . It wo n't fill a party packed room with sound , but for a couple friends hanging our or on a picnic table at a campground it 's just the right amount of sound and the quality is really something.I do n't think it 's worth $ 100 , but for $ 20 or maybe even $ 40 , it 's a deal .
 I WAS LOOKING FOR SMALL SPEAKERS TO HOOK UP TO MY PORTABLE TV/DVD PLAYER BECAUSE THE VOLUME ON MANY CHANNELS WAS TOO LOW . I READ ALL THE REVIEWS ON THIS PRODUCT AND I WAS SURPRISED AT THE QUALITY . THE BASS IS NICE AND THIS UNIT DOES NOT SOUND TINNY . IT IS DESIGNED FOR A SMALL AREA SO DO N'T THINK YOU 'RE GOING TO GET HOME THEATRE SURROUND SOUND OUT OF IT , BUT FOR THE PRICE I RECOMMEND IT AND GIVE IT 5 STARS
 I researched pretty thoroughly -LRB- as I normally do -RRB- before spending my money and I am so very pleased with the JBL . I have it hooked up to my laptop and am listening to Pandora -LRB- that wonderful music station -RRB- as I write this . For it 's size , price , and portabilty the JBL is fantastic!It even has a surprising bass -LRB- for its size -RRB- and its clarity is terrific.I 'm sure you can do better if you want to spend more and get something bigger , but for my needs , I am truly pleased .
 These speakers put out exceptional sound , especially bass for the size . The only drawback for Ipod users vs other travel speakers is that you do n't dock your ipod rather you plug in with an external cord . This is more cumbersome and does n't provide for recharging while playing .
 I was attracted to this product by the low price in an email from Amazon , about 60 % off . I was reluctant to buy such a tiny speaker since I really HATE crappy sound from cheap speakers . I was plesantly surprised to find they sound pretty good for the price and are small and light enough to travel with comfortably . The high end is tinny , as you would expect from such tiny speakers but there 's a sub-woofer of sorts on the bottom of this unit . The shape forms a resonant chamber when placed on a hard surface and magnifies the effect of the bass extension . If you are looking for something inexpensive , light , portable but are reluctant to try cheap speakers , consider these , they work nicely .
 I never received the item as the US Postal lost the package and found it 3 weeks later , then sent me final notice to have the item picked up before being ship back . But , instead they it mailed back to you . I was looking forward in using the speakers .
 I bought the JBL On Tour speakers to use for my traveling massage therapy business . The price was under $ 40 , so I did n't expect the absolute best speaker system , and I was n't looking to use it in my home as a stereo replacement . Its sound is great for its little size , and works well with my ipod nano and a portable CD player . Just what I was looking for ; fits my needs almost perfectly . The carrying pouch the speakers come with only fits the speakers and not the cords , so it 's virtually useless . I had bought a large foam pencil case from Target for $ 2 to transport it and the wires and my ipod , and they all fit perfectly . The one complaint I have about the whole system is the AC adaptor . If I want to use that instead of the batteries , it 's bulky and the prongs do n't retract so it takes up way more room than it should and I also have to worry about the prongs scratching the speakers during travel . JBL should copy the AC adaptor design from Nintendo DS 's in that the prongs fold into a flat adaptor making it very slim and portable .
 Very loud speaker system . Just 4 AAA Batteries . Lasts pretty long . A/C adapter . Automatic off when closed . A +
 This device is so much better than the proprietary Zune or Ipod units . It does n't take up much space , is portable , and works with any music player with a 1/8 '' stereo jack . You can always buy a spare cable at Radioshack or another electronics store .
 This is a great product ! Fantastic buy at $ 40 ! The sound is amazing for such a little system . Would definitely recommend to friends and family .
 One more positive review to throw in for the JBL On Tour . We purchased the JBL OnTour to use while we were in the hospital laboring with our new son . It was a perfect fit ! We plugged our Sansa in and it played just great . The sound these speakers generate is plenty for a smallish room . Do n't expect to use them to blast music at a party or in a big room , but in a small to middle-sized room -LRB- someone mentioned a dorm room ; that would be perfect -RRB- they are ideal . We did n't turn them up extremely high -LRB- and note that you can adjust the volume on the MP3 player also to increase volume -RRB- , but the sound was very good . Highly recommended !
 I was inclined to purchase this product after reading the rave reviews and let me tell you , everyone was right ! I needed something that I could bring to Europe and that would play my music off of my iPod Touch . The sound is crsip and pretty loud . Plus , it 's light and super easy for travelling . And the price is nothing to complain about either !
 overall this is a great small portable speaker setup . I use it at my desk with a Creative Zen and because of the design I can hang it underneath the shelf on an existing lip in my cubicle . sound is great and can get pretty loud when needed and the volume control is sensitive enough to play quietly at work . This also serves double duty as a louder alternative to the tiny speakers in my Laptop and it does a good job at filling the room . Sound quality is pretty good for a small unit and the ability to just unplug it and take it wit using battery power is nice as well . The AC adapter is a slim wall wort so it does n't take up a whole outlet either . My only gripe is you ca n't turn it off without unplugging it and closing it . Also the light blinks when there is no audio source being played though it so it gets double annoying at that time . Those annoyances aside its still a great small portable speaker system.Update 12/27/09
 I have bought about 3 or 4 different speaker systems for my Ipod and this one is the best . Its even better than the one that was $ 120 . Its a good solid sound and has decent levels , well worth the money . I bought another after I got this one because it was that good .
 For the really small size of these speakers , you get a huge sound . Very full . Nicely portable also . Recently went to Florida with me and traveled very nicely . I would definitely recommend these for your MP3 , iPod or whatever else you 'd like to hear better .
 I was happily surprised when I hooked these speakers up to my ipod - the sound quality is great for such a small set of speakers ! They performed well connected to my laptop as well . I was going to gripe about them not automatically turning off -LRB- especially when I use them with batteries instead of the AC Adapter -RRB- until I found that if you close the cover , they turn off.The only bad thing about this is that you have to totally disconnect all the cords in the back in order to do this . Meaning if you want these to be desktop speakers and always open and connected to your laptop or ipod , you definitely have to use the AC Adapter and settle for them always being on . Not a huge negative especially since these were probably made with portability in mind.All in all , this is a great set of speakers , with great sound . It was just what I needed for my home office/travel needs .
 Well , I was pretty impressed with the quality of this unit . considering the cheapo $ 8.00 unit I bought last week . -LRB- JUNK -RRB- JBL IS WORTH EVERY PENNY - $ 39.00 THRU AMAZON.COM.COMPACT AND LIGHTWEIGHTHIGH PERFORMANCE SPEAKERS - GREAT BASS . SPEAKER VOLUME IS GREAT ! 3WATTS . STANDARD MINI JACK - USES FOUR STANDARD AAA BATTERIES . 7 HOUR PLAY TIME.TOUCH CONTROL FOR VOLUME AND REMEMBERS LAST SETTING.COMES WITH AC ADAPTER , WHICH OVERRIDES THE BATTERIES WHEN PLUGGED IN.SLIDING COVER WHICH AUTOMATICALLY TURNS OFF POWER.AMBER LIGHT FLASHES WHEN BATTERY LIFE IS LOW.RECHARGABLE BATTERIES WORK WELL - UNIT WILL NOT CHARGE BATTERIES.I WISH THEY WOULD OF DESIGNED THE SLIDING COVER - SO YOU CAN CLOSE IT ALL THE WAY WITH BOTH JACKS PLUGGED IN . THEY MUST BE REMOVED.OTHERWISE ITS A GREAT PRODUCT .
 at first i thought how can this be good its small and most small speakers are not sharp and clear , but this turned out to be one of the most surprising things i have ever bought , its a great great product a really true value .
 Just received my JBL On Tour . It 's oustanding . I use it as a speaker system for my new laptop . For my use , the sound is great . A year or so ago I bought JBL 's On Stage II for my i Pod . It convinced me to try the On Tour . Both are great products . They do n't match the Bose , but then the price dose n't either .
 Good sound , portable , Just what I was looking for . My Brother inlaw has one also . He loves it . If mine broke I would buy another .
 pretty nice for people want to enjoy the music or movie but do n't want to get scared . Sound is unepected loud for its size . Only shortage I found is it needs aaa battery , AA battery will be much better and can be found everywhere .
 Great Sound for the Price . I purchased 3 . One for myself , one for my wife , and another for a friend .
 Not the `` be all and end all '' of laptop speakers , though they work quite well.Could use more low end , but oter than that , they 're truly acceptable .
 Bought these for a recent trip to the beach after much research . Could n't beat the sale price on Amazon . Sound quality is excellent , with sparkly treble and clean bass -LRB- especially using Bass Booster on my iPod 's EQ setting -RRB- . Volume is surprisingly loud , definitely enough for a 20 ft radius on the beach or a bedroom . Size-wise , it 's not in the ultraportable category , but could easily fit into a carry-on when traveling . Best bang for the buck .
 I am not sure if you can buy this JBL product any longer . This little speaker does a great job . It will not get so loud so as to drive you out of a room but it does a great job and travels very well . The volume is great for music inside or out - used at the beach and in the house.S / N is vey low and the batteries I use are rechargable - I get about 20 hours out of the batteries at a med volume level.If you lke good sound -LRB- I am a two channel tube person - highend listening -RRB- if you know tubes then you know what I am talking about . This little speaker does a great job for what it is - you can not go wrong if you can find this product.Cheers !!
 These speakers deliver great sound in a small package , which was exactly what I wanted . One slightly irritating thing is that the cord that comes with them is only about 2 ft long . It 's reasonable I guess for travelling , but combined with a short power cord , it does n't let you plug the speakers in on a side table and use a laptop comfortably in bed . I just replaced this cable , and all is good .
 Anyone who wrote a bad review on this item obviously had a cheap MP3 player . These speakers respond perfectly with sll of the different modes of my Samsung YP P2 . There is plenty of volume for a large room . This is a quality piece of equipment for the money .
 I 'm impressed with the sound quality from something so small . I bring this with me when I travel for `` hotel room sound '' and it 's remarkable . Completely satisfied with this speaker system for my laptop .
 I 've owned this speak for over a year . The sound is so amazing with such a small size . This is also good for outdoor , even when turn up the volume , sound quality doesnt change . Love it II
 I have a couple of boats , I cart this stereo out on the boats , to the beach , and I have velcro'ed it to my beach bike when I ride . It is totally awesome and portable and the batteries last quite long.I have 2-3 friends that have asked `` Where can get one `` Just editing my review , Great unit , but was taken aback by the price that it is being offered for . I paid $ 58 back in 2008 . Still functioning fine , great sound , sound for size in still impressive , but the the present price , is way overblown.Razz
 The speakers are very nice for the price . If their is any changes that could be made that would be a little more bass or a slight more volume however for everyday normal use , especially in a closed enviorment they are great . I am not disappointed .
 I bought this speackers thinking to carry them inside my car and to enjoy some beats while i skate with my friends ... the sound range is very nice , stunning bass for a small box , high fidelity sound and a bling bling look , the cover avoid the dust and water squirts . . I recommend use it with the ac power -LRB- at least in the car -RRB- because the system empty faster the battery at maximum volume . A nice piece of JBL technology .
 The sound from this speaker system is amazing ! I have a Zune 30 GB and it sounds fantastic on this!You can run the speakers on batteries -LRB- AA -RRB- or on the supplied AC adapter . They were a great bargain at $ 29 -LRB- I see the price has gone up -RRB- . Highly recommended !
 This portable speaker system is awesome !!! My husband got me an IPOD Touch for Christmas which I love , but I ca n't use my headphones at work cause then I ca n't hear anything else , sooooo I bought this little dandy piece of hardware and its worth its weight in gold . Even my co-worker in the office next to me says he can hear it clear as day . Would highly recommend it to anyone ...
 Small speakers decent sound and great design . I would have preferred the connection to the computer to be usb so that I could eliminated the extra cord , but oh well ...
 You will simply not find a better portable speaker system for your MP3 player . The sound quality is amazing and the packaging is pretty smart also .
 good sound for the price -- have tried it for all sorts of music , tv , skype . wish it was better designed to close with wires connected . feel very lucky to have got it for its original price since it is now absurdly priced .
 I bought this speaker system to use in my office at work and it 's perfect for that . I typically run Pandora through my phone , or occasionally use my iPod , both of which have about the same sound quality . I 've never really turned it up incredibly loud , so I ca n't attest to how it performs when maxed out , but it provides clear sound and good bass even at lower levels . All in all , a good value .
 I have had this speaker for over 3 years and it is the best , I have not had any issue with it . The sound is not that great but for my need it is prefect .
 I recently purchased my wife an iPad . One of the the things she plans to do with it is to play classical music when we travel . We both appreciate clarity and a full range , not just huge base , and certainly not tinny high octaves . This unit produces the sound we were looking for and is elegant in design to boot . We both recommend it and received it at the time expected .
 Searched for a long time to find the right speakers . I am a flight attendant and was looking for something small , compact and light weight but , most of all quality ! Great sleek design . I am very happy with this product !
 I got this for my 21 year old son , and he loves it . Works well with ipod and laptop . Clean , sharp sound , but almost no bass . Understandable , as these are very small speakers . Check around for the best price -- I found these for about $ 50 , but I also had to pay shipping . Still a great deal .
 these speakers are really great and truly portable . for such a small product , the sound is pretty great . i take this to the park , on the beach , and its so great . i like that the plugs are universal so even if you do n't have an ipod , you can pretty much plug in any mp3 player .
 Is this the same model as I purchased three years ago ? It sure looks the exact same and the way in which reviewers are describing it , it does seem to be the same model . It is a fantastic system ... still going strong , great sound . I paid only $ 39.99 for the system which was on sale from $ 52.99 -LRB- I believe , I know it was not more than a $ 55.00 regular price -RRB- . I went back to my order history -LRB- June 2008 -RRB- and copied this :1 of
 perfect portable replacement for laptop speakers however , i miss a remote but overall its a five star product
 Absolutely wonderful speakers . I 've had two different sets of speakers before -LRB- for my iPod and PSP -RRB- but neither of them came anywhere close to as nice as this one . They sound wonderful , so good that I 've even been using them with my laptop , because the sound better then it 's built-in speaker system . The volume level is very good.It fills my needs perfectly . While I seriously doubt it would musically will a room full of talking people , it will easily fill a quiet room . And at a setting such as around a campfire , small outside party , or a picnic , this unit would be provide more than enough volume.And as for the sound quality , I was very pleasantly surprised . I was expecting quality comparable to the old Logitech or Creative speaker sets I used to have , but these speakers are several levels better . Like I said earlier , I will sometimes use these with my laptop , but those old speakers were n't even as good as my laptop speakers . I simply can hardly wait to go to an out door party and provide my entire 4000 + song collection in the excellent quality these speakers provide.And as for appearance , this thing is absolutely beautiful , and extremely slick , either while open for use , or closed for stowage . The slight curvature is excellent design choice , allowing the cords to pass underneath the unit unhindered . The curvature also adds that much more to the elegant appearance of the design , as well.Now , there is ONE question that I simply HAVE to ask ! What is that apparatus connecting the PSP to the speakers in that certain picture above ??!! I 've been looking EVERYWHERE for it , and I just ca n't find it . If I could find out what it was I would buy it in a heartbeat , but I simply ca n't find it anywhere.If anyone know what it is , please leave a post here , or something , anything , to let everyone know what that device is . It would be absolutely perfect for watching movies on a PSP while it was attached to an excellent sound system !
 Please be aware that some of the owner 's pictures posted for the On Tour Speakers are actually for the On Tour PLUS Speaker system . The same fine set of JBL speakers , but the Plus comes with a bracket to mount a Sony PSP and other media players on to the speakers and a large zippered carrying case that holds all the parts , including the AC adaptor . Great speakers , just be sure you get exactly what you want .
 I purchased this last minute and used it in a presentation -LRB- spoken , no music -RRB- to about 60 people in a room about 20 x 50 . Most of the folks were pretty old and could hear well . I 've only used it a little with Music , and it sounds great for the size speaker . I will travel with it for my own music listening -LRB- when I have the luggage space -RRB- . Hope this helps .
 I love to listen to music where ever I am , but without the burden of a big sound system . However my ears do n't seem to retain those earbuds . I am very pleased with this product . Good price , surprisingly very good quality sound . You wo n't believe the sound this little speaker makes . And the size makes it easy to carry around . I highly recommend this for anyone looking for a portable speaker system . Wireless capability would give it a five star rating , but I guess it would cost a lot more . It would be worth it .
 Great buy for the price . Is a pretty small piece but sounds very good and a decent volumen . Will not work in a large room with people talking.Anyway is a good buy foe the price !!!
 Got these speakers for use with my creative zen . For The sound quality was great for a portable speaker , and for the price , it is WORTH it ! There is no sound distortion , even at a high volume . Unit will work with any player that has a headphone jack . The unit is bigger than it appears in the picture , so check the dimensions if size is an issue . Two downsides
 If you are looking for portable speakers , buy these now . I have tried many portable speaker set ups and this is the loudest , best quality product ive tried yet . I bought these for the Five Boro Bike Tour in new york . Every year i buy a new set hoping it will sound a little better than the last set because i can never hear them while im riding with about 20,000 people . Well , let me tell you im more than ready this year with these . They take only 4 aaa batteries , weigh only a pound or two -LRB- specs are above , im lazy -RRB- and sound just as good as a 10 pound set i bought that takes 8 d batteries ! My girlfriend wanted to kill me after testing these out because they really are loud . i normally listen to my headphones with the volume turned all the way up and i am very picky about sound quality , so believe me when i say GREAT SOUND-VERY LOUD-VERY PORTABLE - WOW ! these rock \ m /
 This is an extremely compact 2 speaker system > Although not loud enough for a crowded room full of people , this would be perfect for the beach or camping . Crystal clear sound and never any distortion ... also will automatically shut off before the speakers blow if it gets too much power .
 I am really impressed with the sound . It really sounds bigger than it is . It do 's not sound tinny like you would expect from small speakers . I had wished that I had bought two after hearing this one .
 This is a nice speaker system . Quite compact to fit in jacket pocket . The sound is undistorted even at highest volume level . Only problem is that it lacks bass . But for 35 bucks it ca n't get better .
 Very impressive sound . My friends were all impressed with the quality of the sound.Look and feel is good too.Since I 'm a iPod user , one thing I wished is it has a ipod adapter instead of a line out -LRB- kinda weird to insert it to the back and have those wire dangling on the back -RRB- . Battery goes quick if you turn the volume to the max .
 I give the speakers a 4 of 5 because the wire that came with the speakers was cheap . Sound quality is good , worth the 30 + dollars paid . If speakers are plugged in to electricity and batteries run out just know you will have to take batteries out so speakers will work .
 Really enjoying these speakers , great for hooking up to a laptop and playing music in a bedroom . While they do n't have the best sound quality , it beats laptop speakers any day of the week . You have the option of powering it through the included adapter , or through 4 AAA batteries along the top ridge on the backside of the speakers . The only downside I see to this , is if you 're looking to connect wirelessly , this will not do it . So , make sure you understand you will need to hook up through a standard 3.5 mm audio cable.With that being said , the only thing you really need to worry about is the size . It is considered portable , but can be considered a bit bulky so I would n't consider anywhere near `` ultra '' portable . I like having mine set up in my bedroom at all times . I have travelled with it before , but since I prefer to travel light , it is n't practical for me to pack an extra set of speakers when my laptop already has speakers built in . Occasionally , however , I will use it to amplify my phone 's volume here and there .
 i bought this for $ 35 as a gold box special on amazon . The speakers work very well and they are loud ! You can also hear some bass from these babies !
 i have tried a lot of portable speakers , but this one has made me the happiest . i still have the one i purchased online from this website , 3 years and 50 bucks ago . works really well for augmenting your laptop speakers , sturdy , compact , LOUD , and really nice looking on top of all that . especially now that they cut the price down so ridiculously low .
 great sound , easy to use and somewhat portable . I travel a lot and just use my laptop as a stereo in hotel rooms and this one is a bit bigger and heavier than I 'd use to travel with -LRB- unless I was going to stay in one place for quite awhile -RRB- . I 've been using this one in the studio for photography shoots and the sound is really nice . The cables are a bit clunky and do n't fit in the little bag they send so I 'm still working out a good system to ensure I always have the cables with the stereo but I am very impressed by the sound quality and ease of use for the price .
 For the size and price -LRB- if you shop around you can pick up a real bargain -RRB- these are wonderful little speakers.No regrets and although they wont replace my large Bose 901 's , these little JBL 's do in fact pack a punch to fill a reasonable size room with deep , rich sound .9 / 10 for me ...
 For its size , this speaker system puts out decent sound . The system itself looks really sharp with its piano-black finish and the sliding cover that converts into a stand is a nice feature.However , the bottom-line word here is decent sound , not fabulous , incredible sound like some of the reviewers have described this thing . It 's as good as you can get using 1 '' drivers and having such a compact size . But a `` full rich frequency response from the lowest bass to the highest highs '' as it says in the description ? No way ! And no one should expect that from something this small , either . Like I said , for its size , it is very nice , better than one would expect . The sound is clear and plays at a satisfactory volume level for normal listening conditions . It is worth the price I paid because it 's much , much better than standard laptop or monitor speakers , as well as the junk that most portable or little speakers tend to be , plus it looks great.The worst thing about this is the packaging . Whoever designed the plastic packaging is a total idiot . This was the most difficult package I 've ever opened and as you awkwardly try to cut the plastic , beware of shards that might cut your hand . Once you manage to get the accessories out , the main speaker unit is itself encased in another plastic container that is difficult to remove . Once past that ordeal , however , the average person should be happy with this product . Just do n't expect bookshelf speaker sound like some reviewers would lead you to believe .
 I got these speakers for my daughter for Christmas . She loves them . The bass is rich and the sound is clear . Works great !
 I recently purchased this because a friend of mine has the same set of speakers ... I would recommend this product to anyone . Here are my pros and consPros -- Easy to travel with , compact , good sound quality , durable , long-lasting with no problems , looks sleek and trendyCons -- Have to plug it in , can not charge and use outdoors without a plug . For some reason I can not get it to work with my iPhone ? Yet I have no problems with a nano , mini , shuffle or regular iPOD . Sound quality is good but not great .
 I purchased 2 of these for my adult children for Christmas gifts & they absolutly love the speakers . Easy to plug into a laptop , small size with great sound for the size .
 I love these little speakers . I bought two ; one for my office and one for home . The sound is fine , better than my car speakers . I do n't crank it up , I just want soft music while I work at the computer , I have n't used them for loud music like when I clean house so I ca n't say how they sound turned up . I like the sleek design , ease of use and price .
 I would suggest these speakers to any one who wants quality , affordablity , and true sound . Before i purchased these beauties i spent $ 20 bucks on a cheap pair and paid the price . They did n't last 2 weeks . Since i have purchased the Jbl On Tour Speaker system i have n't had a problem and the sound quality is unmatched for the size and price . Considering that i work in the construction industry and have music competition on the job site i would deffinately suggest this speaker system for easy use with your MP3 player -LRB- mine which is a 30g Creative Zen go great together -RRB- . I am constantly asked what kind of speakers they are because of how loud and true they sound . I give them a two thumbs way up !!!!!!!
 Everything about this speaker device is great . It 's portable , obviously -LRB- just about twice as long as an average wallet and the same width when closed -RRB- , and the sound is great . It 's sleek and shiny . Works perfectly in a small room and very well in a mid-sized room . I use it with my Zune -LRB- which is better than ipod btw -RRB- and it 's just a joy . It 's simple to set up and use , and the sound does n't wash out when you turn the volume up -LRB- like the past 2 speaker sets I 've gotten -RRB- . The only problems I found were that it does n't work with the A/C adapter if you have the batteries -LRB- AAA btw -RRB- in it at the same time . That 's kind of weird , but not much of a problem . Also , the way the cords hook up to the back/bottom of the device is a little awkward , but still not a problem . Lastly , the bass is n't all that great , but depending on the music device you 're using , you can turn the bass up anyway.Overall , great buy and great product .
 I give frequent Powerpoint lectures with sound . These speakers offer excellent clarity and tone and is loud enough to adequately fill a room with crystal clear sounds .
 If you read the reviews for this product you will find that most of them complained about how there was n't enough bass . What do you expect from a portable speaker ? the speaker is just right . most people just expect too much from everything . The bass is just fine ...
 This speaker system certainly looks cool . It 's lightweight -LRB- I carry it almost all the time in my purse -RRB- . It 's easy to use , fast to set up , and is powered by 4AA batteries or you can use the included AC adapter . I ca n't speak to battery life , because most of the time I 've used it , I have plugged it in . It comes with a pouch that can fit the audio cable and the unit , but you 'll have to find somewhere else to stow the AC adapter -LRB- mild irritation -RRB- . I like that it has a fairly sturdy cover to close up the speakers when not in use . The sound is reasonable for a portable system . I have connected it to my Nokia n810 and my Zune and both sound pretty good . Do n't get me wrong , it 's certainly not an audiophile portable sound stage ... but it 's just a nice , decent pair of portable speakers . I use it at work at my desk and at home when I 'm doing chores .
 I ca n't add much to what 's been said , but I 'll confirm most of it . This is pretty much the perfect little speaker for your iPod or other mp3 player . The sound is good and true , the design makes it attractive looking and it is very portable . I 'm actually online now to buy another one as the one I have now has a permanent home in my bedroom.The loss of one star is for the packaging -- mere household scissors ca n't even crack it , you practically need gardening sheers or a hacksaw .
 I just got my `` On Tour '' today and was blown away by the sound of this unit . No , It does n't have boombox sound , but it is perfect as a travel speaker which is why I purchased it . These speakers are ideal for hotel rooms or your bedroom or bath . The travel pouch that comes with the unit could be a bit larger so the AC adapter could fit more easily . You can get it to fit , but it 's a very tight squeeze . I highly recommend this product . As with all JBL poducts , this is very high quality at a reasonable price .
 I bought this speaker brand new after reviewing a number of other portable ones . It is a quality product as I would expect from JBL . I love the volume touch feature along with folding protective cover . At this price , it makes a perfect gift or treat yourself with clear and crisp sound on the go .
 The speaker sounds pretty good . It lacks a little in the deeper sounds , but is perfectly adequate for recreational use . It looks nice and does the job for music in a portable setup .
 I like this product ... it has more than sufficient amplification and the sound is good , which is what i was hoping for since it 's JBL . the only annoying thing is that you ca n't close the lid without unplugging the 1/8 '' plug and power adapter . I can see why that makes it a nice and neat aesthetic design , but practically speaking , it 's kinda dumb . I still like the product though .
 Tiny speakers , big sound , nice design -LRB- except for the awkward wires in the back -RRB- . Do n't expect to throw raves or parties with this , or having blaring bass coming out of the room . The sound quality is fantastic , especially for the price , and the sound can fill a room nicely . I travel 4 days a week and it 's perfect for a hotel room , pre partying , or just chilling.It 's also great to take to the beach or tailgate since it can operate on batteries as well.Highly recommend for travelers that want to take their music with them .
 With the airlines charging for bags now-a-days , I 'm going 100 % carry on this year . But I did n't want to leave my Pod and speakers home . The JBL On Tour fit my need perfectly . Only 1 pound , nice carrying sack and the sound is great at low and medium volume . Sure , it does n't carry a big thump like a big subwoofer would , but for traveling with both music and books-on-pod I think this little JBL fit the bill .
 We use this product to amplify of DVD player in the van so that the kids can hear movies better . It works very good for that purpose.The sound is also considerably better quality and the speakers on my laptop . So , I use the On Tour speakers in the house when I 'm playing music off my computer.You can run it off batteries or electricity . This is also a very convenient feature .
 I love these speakers because they produce full sound in a small package . But i would of loved to have seen it with a rechargable battery .
 I bought the JBL On Tour just before leaving on a cruise . The product worked great . Its `` clam shell '' design makes it easy to pack and keeps the speakers protected from damage . One feature I like a lot is that it can be powered using the supplied power cord , or by four double-A batteries . My wife and I plugged our iPods into the On Tour and had a great time listening in our cabin aboard ship . The sound quality is quite good , but definitely not great . If you are looking for something with really great bass response , this is n't going to do it , but if you are n't an audiophile and just want to listen to music and other audio casually , you 'll be happy with the JBL On Tour .
 I use it for my CD player and the sound is crystal clear even at loud volumes . Excellent buy !
 I have only had these speakers for a day now so I ca n't say anything about their durability but as far as sound goes I was impressed from the first moment I turned them on . These speakers offer very good sound quality for portable speakers and the volume is simply unbelievable . Seriously , you have to hear them to believe how much volume they produce on just 4 AAA batteries . I 've been showing off to everyone on my dorm floor just how loud they can get . For portable speakers these are a little pricey -LRB- for a college student like myself , anyway -RRB- but so far I would say that they are worth every penny .
 I was very pleased with this system . It has a very appealing design and is convenient . I really like the fact that multiple systems can be used on it , i.e. ipod , zune , etc. . For being a small system it delivers a lot of sound . My only complaints are that you ca n't fit the power cord into the case that come with the system and I guess this is foolish on my part but I was really hoping the system would offer stereo quality sound -LRB- it does n't -RRB- but I 'm yet to find a small system that does .
 I bought these speakers for occasional outdoor use . I have taken it to picnics and camping trips and it works great . The sound output on 4 AA batteries is more than I had expected out of this product . Now that the summer is over , I have been using it indoors and it has enough power to fill my living room .
 I love these speakers . They are easily portable and give off an excellent sound.When purchased you will receive the speakers , an AC adapter , a cord for audio from a standard headphone jack into the JBL On Tour , and a carrying bag . The carrying bag fits the JBL snugly but not the accessory cords . When not in use the black cover that doubles as a stand -LRB- the thing to the right of the speakers in the picture -RRB- , slides easily over the speakers to protect them and shrink the product.In my experience you can get about 2.5-3 hours of listening when on battery power.The unit is small enough -LRB- about 7x4 in -RRB- to fit in a backpack.I use this outside when doing yardwork , easily loud enough to fill the whole yard or garage . It 's great to take along on trips so that I can listen to music in hotel rooms.In summary , the JBL On Tour , because of its better-than-expected sound quality exceeds the expectations I had when purchasing it . I would purchase again in a heartbeat if anything ever happened to mine .
 Like Kloss and Sony , JBL is a brand name that automatically commands a higher price than the competition -LRB- my JBL bookshelf system with 14 '' woofers is still going strong after 35 years -RRB- . The design , build quality and , of course , sound are simply a notch above the rest . In the case of the JBL On Tour Portable speakers the value is there as well . Unlike some of the 20-30 dollar portable systems I 've tried , these do n't require you to feed them 4 fresh alkalines every 8 hours ; they not only have adjustable volume but require no fumbling for a half-hidden dial ; they 're designed to stay in one place , no tipping or migrating on a desk or countertop The sound is full-frequencied , with natural presence and adequate volume for most applications . And if you run them off of AC rather than battery power , there 's no harm in leaving them on when you 're too busy to fold 'em -LRB- though I 'd have preferred a simple on-off switch -RRB- . On balance , the best complement to a black iPod .
 I 've had these for over a year now . The sound is a lot better than you expect . I 've used them with my laptop for movies and my MP3 players . I gave it 4 stars instead of 5 because of one thing that is slightly annoying . Maybe it 's just my unit but it will not play with the A/C adapter if you do n't have batteries installed or the batteries are dead . I found that strange and at times a pain .
 Got it with $ 39.99 from Amazon.Agree with most of reviews that the speaker is small but it gives out clear and powerful sound that has no problem to fill in a 20x20 room . The bass is kind of weak but that is expected given its small size . And you can improve the bass with the EQ on your MP3 . The small size make it 's pretty portable . Yes , the pouch can hold the speaker only , but I use 4 AAA rechargeable batteries . So there is no need for me to carry around the AC plug.I take out 1 point because the protective plastic cover does not seem to be strong . So , special attention is needed when sliding the protective cover . I would recommend it to my friends .
 These speakears are trully portable and the sound reproduction is great . They are much better than my previous portable speakers -LRB- Creative Travelsound 200 has less volume and terrible bass reproduction ... -RRB- . The bass reproduction can be improved but considering the size of these speakers they are Ok.Do not expect to use these speakers for a big party , but for a small living room -LRB- like mine -RRB- they are great.The JBL On Tour speakers looks really nice in black , you just need to keep them clean of fingerprint ... -LRB- just like my Nintendo DS black ... -RRB- and the price is low for the sound quality.Highly Recommended .
 Looks small , but has big sound ! Great product for the price . Sound quality is very good . Would recommend buying this set of speakers for computer or MP3 player ...
 I carefully reviewed portable speakers on the internet and narrowed it down to two . I am so glad that I chose this one . Others can hardly believe the quality of sound that comes from these two little speakers . I love this JBL unit . I even take it to bed with me .
 I bought these as deal of the day and highly recommend these speakers . Ive never heard a small set of speakers sound so good . I would not pay the full + - $ 75 price though . I had to laugh at the review about trouble getting the packaging opened though because I thought I was going to have to break out the power tools to get this out of the packaging . I also agree that they should have made the sleeve big enough for the a/c adapter . My main concern is sound and price and this is deserving of 5 stars at the deal of the day price .
 OK , this review is in two parts.I got it at a really good price as a daily deal item . The product is everything good that the the other reviewers have written about it . It 's a bit on the small size , but it has an amazing sound range for how tiny it is . I have tried it with my iPod and my laptop and both delivered solid sound . They are not `` concert hall '' quality speakers , so do n't expect thumping bass or a huge volume range.PRODUCT QUALITY
 good price , good sound . good size . easy to use . wish it charged the mp3 player . wish it was a little louder . sort of want another one .
 I use this product to provide the audio for business presentation from my laptop . The unit provides sound loud enough to accomodate large rooms of 30-40 people with remarkably clear and undistorted sound . Although I purchased for business purposes , I have found it to be quite nice for listening to music on my laptop or MP3 player back at the hotel as well . It is very compact and travels well in the provided pouch . I highly recommend this product for both business and personal use .
 At the moment , this product is no longer available ; what a shame , was hoping to buy another as a gift . This is a fantastic travel speaker set . The sound is amazing for the size and very clear with more bass than you might expect . An elegant product design as well . Would buy again without question . My music collection is mostly jazz and college rock -LRB- DMB , etc -RRB- .
 These speakers were recommended to me by a friend , and I have yet to be disappointed . For the size of the speakers , the sound quality is excellent . High and mid ranges are clear and crisp , and the woofer , though somewhat anemic , is cleverly designed into the fold out cover for as much bass as I would expect from portable speakers.Connectivity is through a standard Aux-in cable , so no need to worry whether the plug is compatible with your model iPod or iPhone -LRB- unless you have the first generation iPhone , which needs a special adaptor for any aux-in cable -RRB- . Power choices include 4 AAA batteries or AC wall outlet adaptor . Battery life is better than I was expecting.I have now brought these speakers on several trips , with different groups of friends and to work . Everyone is impressed by the quality and sound output from these little guys . After a few minutes , you may even forget you 're listening on a portable system.I have read in other reviews that you can blow these speakers pretty easily , so I have been careful , and have not tested fate on that one ... I guess it would also be nice if there were a convenient retractable Aux-in cable , so you do n't have to carry that around separately and risk losing it , but that 's just being picky.Overall , I 'm very happy with these speakers and would highly recommend them to anyone who wants a portable speakers system with great quality for the size .
 I forgot my Creative travel speakers at home ... as I can not stand to just listen to the poor music and sound of the radio that is in the hotel room , I decided to buy new travel speakers . I checked the reviews on Amazon and decided to go for the JBL On Tour . Oh my gosh , I can not believe it , the sound of this small device is so great ! I have connected it to my Ipod and also listened to online radio , both works very well . I have these speakers only for a few days so I can not tell if they are good for a lot of travelling but I 'm very impressed of the great sound - I guess I will no longer use my Creative speakers - these are much better !!!!
 I love my little JBL speakers.After becoming mildly obsessed with the quality of audio in my life , I bought a JBL On Tour speaker set to stand in place of my tinny Macbook Pro speakers.Some people will complain that they sound tinny and not very powerful . The fact is , they offer nice clear audio at volumes above what a laptop is capable of . High 's are great , mids are so-so and bass is punchy but minimal . Still , it 's a huge improvement over laptop speakers and far smaller and more portable than other travel speakers . They fit great in my Timbuk2 bag . Seriously , that audio is very clear.What I love about them most is that they have the perfect feature set . You can run them on a power cable or four AAA batteries -LRB- for iPoding it up the beach -RRB- . The aesthetically pleasing casing hides all the cables below and offers great Fung Shue to any environment . Yes , the case scratches/smudges easily , but comes with a soft carry case.Definitely a good buy , especially if you can snag em for $ 26 like I did !
 Estoy super satisfecha con estos altavoces port&aacute;tiles , son muy c&oacute;modos , su sonido es espectacular , los recomiendo totalmente.I 'm super happy with these portable speakers are very comfortable , the sound is spectacular , I recommend the full .
 The JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System is a great buy . It is easy to use and has very good sound quality . It 's small size and attractive appearance have caught the eye of my friends . The carry bag included with the speakers is a bit too small . Its difficult to get the unit , the audio cord and the power supply all into the carry bag . Also , the plug connections for the power supply and the audio cord would be better situated on the ends of the unit , instead of under the cover .
 Ca n't think of anything better . It is compact , light , easy to carry and has good sound quality .
 This JBL speaker works great , especially in a small room or office atmosphere . Volume could be a bit louder , but over all I was pleased and would recommend this to others .
 I wanted something to use with my notebook . The built-in speakers are always a bit weak in those units and headphones get a bit old after a while . I was both surprised and pleased at the sound that came out of this small unit . The power adapter is also vary handy .
 I got this to use with ipod and a 7 `` LCD TV I have in the kitchen.It has good sound , but lacks a deep bass , as you would expect because of the size . The only thing bothersome is a noticable power hum when using it with the TV . This only happens when the JBL is connected to the AC adaptor , so I 'm not sure if it is a TV or speaker problem . No problem when using battery power .
 I use this with my MacBook at my desk and on the road . The sound quality is excellent even at moderately high levels . Solidly build and very portable.Packs in my computer bag easily . I would like a power switch on the front but that is a minor complaint . Great product .
 These are tiny speakers . They get lost below my 23in LCD.SOund quality is superb for the size .
 Great product!This is to replace a 4 year old set that died after much hard service around the world . Fills a hotel room with suprisingly good quality sound with fine bass response for a set you can slip in a hip pocket . The batteries give 5 to 8 hours of use . Really great as they cost 1/2 what I bought the first set for in Hong Kong .
 This is a great , little device ! First of all , I think it 's beautiful and sleek , and easy to use . Just slide it open , plug in the cable that links to your iPod , and if you are using batteries , that 's it , good to go . Just plug in the AC cord if you are n't using batteries . Uses 4 AAA batteries , so the batteries are small , do n't add any noticeable weight to the unit . Your iPod stays in it 's own protective case , no fitting it onto a dock slot . I 've had one Altec Lansing speaker set and one Sonic Impact speaker set that the slot became damaged , so I 'm glad I do n't deal with that anymore . This thing is light , small , about the size of a very , VERY large eyeglasses case so it packs very nicely in a purse , carry-on or suitcase , even better if you can get along without the bulky AC cord and just use batteries . But it 's about the sound , is n't it ? If you are looking for sound in your hotel room , or bathroom , mobile home , bedroom , kitchen , garage , den , etc. , you are going to LOVE this little guy , and it will be more than loud enough , it can crank ! The sound is really great ! It looks great , performs great , and I just bought another one for a friend going to Mexico in a week . Now , if you want a loud , space-filling but still portable speaker , get the In-Motion IM9 unit , as I did also . I have both . The IM9 is too big for the suitcase , and it 's REALLY heavy , but it 's screaming loud , great for the backyard or tailgating or any party setting , and very compact and portable while protecting the iPod within it 's great loading system . But this JBL is your OTHER speaker system for light weight travel or just to fill a room at home . If you do n't love it as I do , I do n't know what planet you live on !
 Love these speakers . They sound way bigger than they are and if you fold the cord carefully , it will fit in the carry bag that came with them . I am very pleased with these and recommend them to anyone looking for this type of travel speaker .
 I 'm using these as small/compact computer speakers with the included AC adapter . The speakers are good for the size , but do n't expect miracles or `` great '' sound quality . It might be `` great for the size '' but it 's not plain `` great '' . The bass is very weak . They are also good looking speakers . The packaging was too difficult to get into so be careful and do n't cut yourself !
 These little speakers sound great . The sound is clean and reaches low and high frequencies much better than expected for a small portable setup . My laptop speakers do n't get too loud , so this works great for traveling or at home .
 Little speaker has a big sound and performs as advertised . Definitely a good value .
 I bought this little speakers befor more then a mounth and after this period of my life i can say that im very satisfait form this little tehnologe ! The sound is very powerfull and enaf for your room for example . Few times i used on the beach as well and again evrething was perfekt ! So ... i can say only that this speakers , for this money ... just this is very good deal i think ;-RRB- JBL its a good brand so ... dont think , just buy it ! : -RRB-
 These are great speakers for a portable player like an iPODS . I use them at work where we have no power , thus I run them are rechargeable batteries and they are really nice sounding . A friend got them to use with his computer but had static from the computer , so they are n't that good for that .
 This is a great portable speaker that weighs little so you can travel with it to foreign places or take it to work and put it on your desk . The sound is great for smaller places such as a room in the house , as is the ease of use , and it slides to close which protects it . Speaker runs by mains or by batteries and has a handy little travel pouch . Downside is that you have to unplug the wires before you can close the unit up .
 The speaker system is small yet powerful . The design is compact and portable . The power supply however can not be easily stored and carried about with the speaker .
 This is a great device . Although not as loud as I 'd like it to be , the clarity and sound from it are amazing . GREAT for traveling with your iPod or other MP3 device . Worth taking a look at .
 very impressive sound quality in a compact package !! we found the small unit great for travel , as well as everyday use . especially perfect for rooms where you do n't want or need large speakers -LRB- bedrooms , etc -RRB- , but would like great sound . be aware
 I 've only had the on tour for a few days and ca n't speak about its longevity , but I mounted it to my roadbike/bicycle and it 's awesome . I cycle to work about 150 miles a week , and was really missing my earbuds -LRB- they 're a little dangerous as you ca n't hear traffic and one tends to end up a a large pile on the road if he 's not careful -RRB- . The on tour allows me to listen to music , books , podcasts etc. and still hear traffic around me . I would n't recommend using it on a bike in high-density traffic areas , but in calm areas it 's great.I 'm just glad I finally got to pimp my bike !
 This tiny package puts out some powerful and good quality sound and at a great price . It wo n't match Bose but it 's more than I hoped for !!!
 These speakers have a nice sound too them . They are not really loud , but they work well in most circumstances . Here 's the downside . It took me 35 minutes , one pair of scissors , one steak knife and a meat cleaver to open the plastic packaging . The upside it that I still have all my fingers!Is this type of packaging really necessary ?
 I received this cool thing 2-3 days back , got these in a gold box deal for $ 35 . I did go thru the reviews before purchasing . I was not sure , it will solve my purpose . But being JBL and good reviwes I gave it a shot . I was looking forward for speakers for my laptop so that I will get some good sound , listning music , and while watching online movies -LRB- where sound is usually quite low -RRB- . I also have a paid subscription for movies , the movie quality is good there but my laptop never gave me good sound . This thing really rocks for all my needs , I am watching a movie daily :-RRB- -RRB- after getting these.Sound , specially the way you can hear each and every music instrument -LRB- I am not a music tech -RRB- , very soothing bass efect . I can not tell what I was missing before these . These are good fit for any one looking for a portable speakers . Best thing I like is the portability , I do n't have to handle 2 speakers . Sound is ample that if you max it , it will let someone outside know . It 's not window breaking , but for sure you can not max it out in day to day life -LRB- at least I never felt the need -RRB- . Absolute good thing , one may be paying $ 10-15 more . But you will love it . It 's not Bose , but not too lower also .
 It has a great sound and the price was about $ 20.00 less than my local Walmart for the same item . Hooray !
 These wo n't rattle the windows , but very nice for me to take on motorcycle trips and plug into my mp3 in the evenings when we want a little music . Great sound quality for the money . Good for small gatherings as background music too . Nice that they run on batt or electricity . Small and compact for travel . Great for campground or hotel or sitting pool side .
 I had been waiting to bite the bullet on a Bose sound dock for our ipod , but did n't want to spend the $ 300 to get one . I decided to give this a go after seeing such a great price on a Super Saver amazon deal . I 've been absolutely impressed by this little thing . It 's super easy to use , extremely portable and for the price the sound is amazing . We use it for our ipod and it is plenty loud enough to fill our front room/dining/kitchen area with great sounding music . The other really cool option is plugging in some batteries and using it outside as you work . Absolutely love this product , and highly recommend it .
 Easy to use ... stylish ... GREAT sound ! I definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a decent priced great quality system .
 You will not find a portable speaker system as great as the JBL on tour . Its stylish and very loud for its size . I also bought it for a great price on amazon.com . Highly recommended !
 I do not have an ipod or an mp3 player , but I attached this to my laptop . It works great ! the sound is fantastic , and it 's very small and lightweight .
 I was very pleased with this portable speaker system . I am a new IPOD owner and they work great together .
 I actually own two of these . I have one at work that I 've been using daily for over two years now . I bought another one to use when traveling . The compact size makes it perfect to take anywhere . For being so small , it 's amazing what great sound you get from it . Great to take to the beach when more than one person wants to listen to the same Ipod .
 Puts out plenty of power even from my mp3 player in my cell phone . Well worth it at $ 40 - $ 10 -LRB- MIR -RRB-
 These were a pleasent surprise for the price . They are nice and compact which is what we were looking for to put on a kitchen counter . Yet they provide very rich sound for two small speakers.They only reason for 4 stars instead of 5 is because there is nowhere to set an MP3 player on the system .
 The JBL on tour has been a very good buy for me . Since I travel a lot I always wanted a very compact speaker system for my laptop , and this is it.Its good looking and sleek and has good sound output . I am totally satisfied with the quality of sound that I get from this speaker.The only con would be that there is no indicator to show at what level your speaker volume is , so you do n't know if it is at maximum , minimun or in between . But that just a small negative for an overall good product .
 I bought this Speaker System approximately 2 years ago and it still works fine . I use it with a ZUNE mp3 player and it has held up well and continues to have good sound . I 've taken it to the beach a couple of times and used batteries . My only complaint about this system is the sliding cover will not close if the cord is connected . Not a big deal though . I paid $ 99.00 at Target .
 Great speakers . You get more sound because the speakers plug in . Very pleased with purchase .
 I bought this item when it was a daily special , and the price was right . I already have one that I bought for $ 100 from Apple Store . When I got the JBL , I was wayyy impressed . The sound was booming with the right balance of treble and bass , and the volume did n't seem to affect that balance . For the money , it 's way awesome !!!
 After a fair amount of research , I bought the JBL Ontour speakers recently , planning to hook them up to my laptop which will serve as my sole source of entertainment while living overseas for a few months . The sound is surprisingly good
 This is easy to transport and use with my MP3 ... and all my friends are jealous !
 It was smaller than i expected . The picture makes th speaker look larger than it really is . but overall I was highly impressed with the quality and sound of the speakers . I would recommend these to anybody .
 I have purchased and tired several potable speaker systems to use with my ipod and for other portable media devices , and I have to say that I have been let down by most of them . Once I got this black beauty I plugged it in and WOW !!!!!! From the very first song I played on it I was hooked . It really can fill a room . There is great deal of head room before the speakers even start to give off a slight hint of distortion , and for small portable speakers there is a nice bass response as well . I highly recomend this portable speaker system !
 Wonderful product . I bought it since you can both plug it in or use batteries . The sound quality is really good .
 For some reason the speakers in my laptop got tinny sounding and I figured these would take care of that . I was n't wrong ! Even my hard of hearing -LRB- selective hearing -RRB- husbands first comment was `` Those have a really nice sound !! `` They sound so much better than what I had . I just have to remember to turn them on after I 've had them unplugged.I would definitely recommend them to anyone that wants something small .
 Amazon had a special so cheap it could n't be passed up to buy this thing some time back . The box arrived and the sound was uneven tinny and only one speaker or the other worked at a time . I thought , yes , you do get what you pay for . But since the problem seemed to possibly be a defective input jack , Amazon paid the return postage and immediately sent a replacement . Incredible service . The replacement blew me away . The design is very nice and compact and includes an adequate carrying pouch . The speakers seem like throwbacks from ancient transistor radios as far as size , but somehow the sound is amazing for the price . Sufficient base , crisp not tinny and terrific volume for the size . Great for anyone who travels and wants to switch from ear buds for a change . A super product and great service from Amazon ! Five stars !
 I wanted a portable speaker for my Sansa e260 , mostly to replace a boom box/Cd 's for business and pleasure trips . I did a lot of research and when this one went on sale , I jumped on it ! For its size and price , it is an exceptional piece of equipment . It 's very compact , solidly built and looks great . It also comes with the ac adapter and everything worked right out of the box . Its excellent for travel and not a tinny sounding unit , which I was most afraid of . Having owned several high end stereo components and systems , this in no way will replace those ... still , the music coming out of this tiny speaker is high quality . There is no preset volume control on my Sansa e260 as one review stated , because adjusting the EQ and turning up the volume on my mp3 player makes a big difference in output . You can still clearly hear this unit playing , through the structural wall , seperating my bathroom and living room , with both doors closed ! The bass is not thumping and I didnt expect it to be , however it is present and overall the unit sounds phenominal ... especially for its size . Oh and a tip for the package opening impaired ... I just used scissors to open up the wider bottom end , to slide the whole thing out of the plastic !
 This product works very well . Good quality sound and a good volume level , yet the unit is small , light and portable . This is just what you 'd want in a portable system and well worth the money
 I am amazed at how good these speakers are for the size . I 've been using them with my iPod nano as well as my laptop , and they 're really quite good . Others have mentioned the lack of bass , and I agree -- it could use a little more `` oomph '' on the low end . But it 's not that bad , really -- and the overall sound is really excellent.This little unit is truly portable , with its own little drawstring bag . I 've been able to fit everything -- the power cord , the unit , and the device cord -- into the bag . It 's a tight fit , but it works.I 'm very please with the On Tour speakers -- definitely recommend them if you need something portable to provide more/better sound than your internal laptop speakers or something to connect to an MP3 player . Look for them on sale -LRB- I got mine via a Goldbox special -RRB- .
 Santa gave me an i touch for Christmas and I wanted something portable for when I am cleaning . I already had some bigger speakers that I kept hidden on top of the fridge & thought those sounded awesome . This little speaker is awesome !! The sound is very crisp and clear . Perfect for your office , bedroom , bathroom or travel . I would n't recommend it for a big house party , but for a small room it is perfect . I picked up mine from Ebay for $ 20.00 !!
 This unit looks great , sound fine , and folds up to occupy very little space . Unless your trying to drown out a loud party , there is plenty of volume for a hotel room or average living room . Nice job .
 I love this little thing ! For the price , and the size , it is excellent . The sound -LRB- again for the size -RRB- is top notch . It 's not going to sound like a 300 watt stereo , but it sounds great for what it is!The sound is not ` tinny ' . It is full bodied , IMO . It will not fill a large room with sound but for an office , a bedroom , the kitchen , or another small to average sized room it is absolutely adequate.I purchased this as a gift for my husband to use on his desk , or whatever , for his iPod and now I wish I had purchased two of them . I do have a Bose SoundDock and stereos that I can use with our iPods but for a small , compact , unit this is perfect.It has a little draw-string bag for carrying . Only the unit and the headphone cord fits in the bag , unfortunately . I would have liked to have had someting padded , and large enough to put the AC adapter in with . That would be my ONLY complaint on this little jewel but for the price I do n't think it deserves a complaint .
 I spent about a month researching portable speakers I could tote to work and back home again to hook up my new Creative MP3 . My mind was mind up that I was getting these guys as soon as I saw the price on Amazon 's daily special . Now I wish I had bought 2 sets , as this is a great value . For 3 watts per channel , the volume and full sound is impressive . I 'm having a party with 25 attendees tomorrow evening and expect no problems with the sound projection over the voices . In fact , I will probably not to have hit the highest volume at all . The sound quality is the best part and it truly amazes me how tiny the speakers are to have produced such excellent sound . Overall , if you can get these for $ 50 or less , you will want to make sure you do n't miss out . They are very versatile and even the bass sounds great !
 I was lucky enough to get two when they were on special for $ 35.00 each at Amazon . If you buy locally you could pay up to $ 100.00 PLUS your local tax , but even at that price you wo n't be disappointed with the great quality sound from this sized speaker . The bass -LRB- excellent bass -RRB- and treble -LRB- excellent treble -RRB- are set perfectly and everyone who has heard me playing these has gone out and bought themselves a set due to the amazing quality sound and volume . I , myself , was amazed at the level of quality sound this small speaker produced and am glad I got two when the price was at its lowest.Each of the two speakers are approximately 1 inch in diameter powered by two Odyssey Neodymium drivers and you will simply be astounded at the great sound these speakers produce . It is more than worth what Amazon charges and you will agree if you decide to purchase one or two units . I keep one at home and one at work . There is no EQ on this unit , but there is also no need for one . It uses 4 AAA batteries -LRB- use rechargeable -RRB- and also comes with an AC adapter and headphone style jack to plug into anything that takes headphones . Battery life is excellent . The speaker comes with a cloth case but none for the AC or 3.5 mini stereo jack , but at the killer price this should not be an issue at all ! I simply got a $ 5.00 tiny camera case for the AC and mini stereo jack and that works fine . Anyone who grumbles about the lack of storage for the AC and stereo jack probably ca n't be satisfied anyways especially when they are saving up to $ 65.00 on this excellent sounding speaker.The volume is excellent and is more than ample for what it was intended . I think that the people who rated this saying the volume was not adequate for them were expecting boom box type sound for parties which is unreasonable for something this small . This is meant for use in a room with a bunch of friends that want to listen to music or watch a show and not meant for a noisy party.You simply can not go wrong buying this baby ! It is a great value with excellent sound and this rating is from someone who has worked in the Television and audio industry for over 20 years . I have NEVER heard anything this small sound so big . You will be more than pleased if you decide to buy this speaker . IT ROCKS ! It beats out bigger speakers made by bigger name companies like Bose ! Do n't miss out on this bargain !
 Love these speakers . They work great with my Mac Mini . Now since the Gold Box deal ... I 'm getting my 2nd set -LRB- this time in BLACK ! -RRB- THANKS AMAZON !
 I needed a set of portable speakers for work and home . I read some reviews and did some research and came across the JBL 's . Imagine my suprise when they came up as a deal on the Gold Box offers . $ 34.99 , I had to get them . These things are great . The design is very stylish and offers protection to the buttons and speakers . Do n't expect this to fill a concert hall with sound . But it can definitely handle a good sized living room or office area . The carrying pouch is nice , but as others have mentioned it would have been nicer if it held the ac adapter as well . Many people were complaining about having to unplug the unit in order to turn it off . If you just hold down both volume buttons simlutaneously for a second or two , the green light goes out , and I assume this means the unit is powered down . I 'm very pleased with this product and I recommend it to anyone who can get it for a decent price .
 I already bought one of these a couple months ago , but i 'm getting another one so i do n't have to `` lug '' it back and forth from work . This is a great set of speakers for 35 bucks . As far as sound goes the high end is excellent .
 These speakers have a great sound even though they are very compact . They fit in my laptop bag easily . I bought these when they were an Amazon Deal of the Day , so it was an even better value . I recommend these speakers .
 This small portable JBL speaker system reproduces awesome sound . Good enough for outdoor entertaining or quiet listening at your desk or bedside . It is a sleek design . The only downfall is the fact that the ports in the back can be hard to get to when the unit is fully open . Otherwise , a good performer and a great buy .
 The JBL On Tour speakers are just awesome . They look classy , the sound if off the charts . If you close your eyes and listen at full volume you would feel you are listening from floor standing big speakers . The clarity is awesome , no distortion at all . I use rechargeable AAA batteries , and they last days between charge . You can hook up anything to it , ranging from ipod , or any small music player , or laptop and you have a top notch compact music system on the go.The only drawback is , you do n't get stereo , as both the speakers are too close to each other . But you kinda assume that when you are buying a single set of compact speakers .
 These speakers are so easy to use , portable and can get so loud , I wo n't dare try to take it to the maximum volume . I take them everywhere I go with my laptop . I also like the way the volume starts on mute when you first plug them in and if you pause your video or music on the computer , the speakers go into a power save mode -LRB- I use the battery power instead of the plug -RRB- . I use them all the time and still have n't needed to replace the batteries . The soft case it comes with is very convenient . I ordered them after reading other reviews . They really are the best .
 These speakers fold up and have a carrying pouch . They are excellent for travel . The sound is great and well worth the money . I would buy them again .
 This is a nice looking , fairly small portable speaker system . The sound is very good for its size
 Pro : Great Sound QualityVery portableNice DesignThe box as all the cables you need and includes a nice simple bag.Cons : Volume is not loud enough for outdoor usageBateries do n't last too much
 I bought theseSpectra SMPS-300 Portable Stereo Speaker Systemand was very , very disappointed in them . Paid $ 10 more for a power supply that was a total waste of good money after bad . Got a 1 star from me only because there is no 0 stars!The JBL 's are perfect for my needs . Loud enough to hear over an ocean , small and portable , plays on batteries and has nice sound . THESE are what you are looking for ! The only reason they did not get 5 stars is because for some reason , they package these things like you are opening Fort Knox gold ! VERY frustrating packaging ! Thick , hard to cut , and you MUST cut three seams . Stupid packaging for a great product !
 I was very leary when I received this item . I bought it thru one of the `` Gold Box Deals '' . Great price and I am very impressed with the unit . I plug in my 30GB Zune Player when I do n't want to deal with headphones while I am working out in the yard or swimming in my pool . The sound quality is great and even had my neighbors in awe on how loud and great it sounds for such a small unit . It does n't take up much space and I love the way it closes up . It also comes with a carry case . You can plug it in AC or use batteries .
 It is a great little speaker . Perfect size and works great on both AC and batteries .
 JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System . I purchased the JBL to take with on vacations so that I could play my IPOD in hotel rooms . I was so pleased . The sound was terrific , the speaker system very compact and easy to transport as well as simple to set up . I am thinking of buying several more for gifts , for those who can not live without their IPODS . The only down side is that the system does not recharge ... but hey , the sound of music is worth it all .
 I bought this for my husband to use with his Ipod while sitting at the bar outside on the deck . He loved it . It 's easy to set up and does not take up a lot of space .
 Since I 'm not the type to go around wearing ear buds for listening to music on my iPod , purchasing this JBL portable speaker system was perfect for me . I can bring it from room to room , using either the battery power or wall outlet . I am very pleased with the sound quality for such a small unit .
 It is a great product the shippers had very fast shipping and the sound is great it has just enough bass and it works great with my walkmen , Computer , and tv !!! I got a mini adaptor and it works great with my tv - dordiscott
 Owning a music business I bought this for my other half for when he travels throughout the world . I used other peoples reviews for my decision . Got it -- loved the size . Perfect for the carry-on traveler . Then I had to review some mixes but the studio speakers went out . Used the JBL on Tour Portable Speakers with a cd player attached . The sound was fantastic . I could catch all the tracks to make my notes for the final recording . When the studio speakers were fixed went back and listened again to see if I missed anything . It was a perfect mix.I liked the quality and size so much I just bought 3 more for my kids away at college . They use it for their Ipods , Cd players and tv 's for better sound.We use a travel bag -LRB- free from an airline -RRB- that stores the speakers , cable and charger . It would be nice if JBL supplied a bag that would accomodate all three.The price is absolutely amazing for the quality you receive .
 I purchased this as a Father 's Day gift . He and my Mom spend a lot of time outside , and I thought it would be nice for them to have a speaker dock for the iPod . They love it ! It 's a good deal for the price , portable and with decent sound .
 These little JBL speakers are very worth the money . I tried other small speakers , Altec Lansing Orbit -LRB- difficult , mono -RRB- and Philips egg-shaped SBA1500 -LRB- tinny -RRB- . The JBL beats them both hands down.Positives
 I bought these after buying a new sharp tv for my kitchen . The sound was so low on the tv that I needed an external speaker to boost the sound . Well these not only match the tv 's gloss black cabinet but the sound is superb . If you need speakers for a laptop , ipod small tv look no futher these are the answer , Love them .
 This unit produces a truly great sound that easily fills my office . For a portable speaker system , I have found none better , and I have purchased quite a few over the years . And when it 's on an Amazon special , you can not beat the price .
 I bought one of these on Amazon when it was on special and was a bit skeptical because of the price . I have had JBL speakers for years , but did n't think a device of this size could deliver quality sound . I was wrong , though . Granted , the sound coming out of this unit is n't going to rattle the windows or wake the neighbors . But the On Tour is fabulous for hooking your MP3 player or laptop up to when you want to hear quality audio through something other than ear buds or headphones . The portability is great , too . My only minor complaint is that the storage bag JBL supplies is n't big enough for the AC adapter and connecting cord . Other than that , I have nothing but good things to say about the On Tour .
 These speakers have really great sound for the size and price ! I listen mainly to classical music these days , and even for that purpose the sound is perfectly adequate.Of course , they are no replacement for a serious sound system . However , if you want to have decent-quality sound for your music or podcasts while traveling , this set is for you.I bring it with me when traveling mainly because I find the quality of my laptop speakers insufficient , especially at the low end . At home , I use a larger set of Creative speakers with a sub-woofer hooked up to the laptop , but this little JBL unit gives those speakers a run for the money.These are not going to give you bass that will shake the room , but there is enough bass to give music as well as spoken-word podcasts a surprising and pleasing richness and depth.It comes with a carrying bag , which is nice , but it would be even nicer if the bag were big enough to hold the AC adapter as well -- that is my only complaint . As it is , the adapter must be packed separately -- bad for absent-minded types like me . A big plus for international travelers is that the AC adapter takes power in the 110-240V range , so you only need a plug adapter , not a transformer , to use it in countries with different power standards.I got these speakers on sale in a Gold Box special for $ 35 , and I 've seen them on sale for about that price a few times since then . You might want to hold out until that price or something similar rolls around again . I felt that especially at that price this purchase was a real bargain , though really they are probably worth more as well . Highly recommended !
 Good sound in a portable speaker.Wish it had a place for the connecting cord , but oh well.Compact and speakers are protected when case is closed.It is not a `` room filler '' , but is probably best of breed for portables .
 JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System has good product design . We can carry it go to every place because it can play with alkaline AAA and i think the sound is great for me .
 Excellent sound quality and very portable ! Love them . Super fast delivery and price better than Ebay !
 These little speakers are great ! They have a much better sound than I expected . Good deal for the money ! Small and portable , they fit very nicely into my computer bag . I 'm very pleased with them .
 I am a trainer with a financial institution and the CDs I traveled with kept wearing out and skipping . I bought an ipod and this JBL Speaker system to use in my classrooms . I could n't be happier for the price . It 's so compact it does not take up much space when I travel . I love it !!
 I drive between 10 to 15 hours a week with my job . It 's a cheapskate company pick-up truck , without a CD player or a jack to plug my MP3 player into . This little speaker is absolutely perfect for driving .
 Bought this speaker for my 11-year old son to use with his MP3 player.The sound is great ! The small size , portability , and simplicity of the speaker is a big plus . I especially like that the speaker can work off battery or electricity . Makes a great gift -- great for a dorm or office .
 I have a Chumby that I use as my clock radio . Chumby can be setup to play internet radio stations , as well as a variety of podcasts . Unfortunately , my hearing is n't quite what it used to be , and the Chumby speakers just do n't pack much punch . This speaker system provides plenty of volume for me , and the sound quality seems quite good to my ears -LRB- although no one would call me an audiophile . -RRB- I had previously tried the AudioSource Db5 speaker system , but I just was n't quite satisfied with it . For one thing , the AudioSource has a blindingly bright LED power indicator light , which is not what I want in my bedroom at night . For another , it has touch button up and down volume controls and does not remember your last setting , so each time I turned it on -LRB- i.e. every day -RRB- I had to push the up volume button 12 times to get to my preferred setting.The On Tour speakers have a much more reasonable power indicator light , and , although it also has the touch button volume control , it does remember your last setting . I also noticed a significant difference in sound quality between the two systems , with On Tour sounding both clearer and fuller.Another bonus
 JBL On Tour Portable Speaker System -LRB- Black -RRB- I got this for my Sansa e250 MP3 Player , wanting to be sure it was not proprietary , ie , just for the iPod . It works great and the sound is smooth , rich , and vibrant . I am totally amazed that a system so small delivers such wonderful , distortion free , pure sound . The Product Description is accurate , truthful , and provides full details . Truly a great product !
 These are nice little speakers and great for the price . The sound output is exceptional considering the unit 's little size.I could n't give it five stars for the following reasons : * The beautiful carrying pouch does not leave any room for the AC adaptor * If you need an adaptor to connect your device to the speakers , you may have difficulty getting it to fit because of the positioning of the jack and how little room there is * There was n't a lot of bass , but I did n't there to beOther than those little pet-peeves , it 's great . I used it to play Rockband , hooked up to my Play Station 3 , and it easily filled a large living room with sound . It 's quite stylish , too .
 I 'm particular when it comes to electronic stuff , but I was not disappointed with this little gem to be used with my iPod classic . For high-end volume maxed-out it wo n't cut it , but for normal listening levels and perhaps a little above that it produces good , clean sound . The feel of it is ` good quality ' and the connecting cable is really heavy duty . Really like it . Way to go JBL!The packaging , though ! It 's like trying to get into Fort Knox . It 's like cutting through heavy-duty plastic you 'd find on the space shuttle 's windows ! Be careful not to cut yourself ; it 's easily done trying to get it out of the package .
 Well done Amazon and JBL ! I have been searching for great travel speakers - I 'm on the road a lot , and am a full-time classical musician . I needed something to play through my computer and my iPod -LRB- which doubles for me as a recording device -RRB- . The size is perfect , they seem sturdy , and the sound is great . They are also easy to use . The packaging is n't that bad -LRB- lots of complaints about the packaging -RRB- and it 's nice it comes with an AC adapter and a battery option -LRB- four AAA -RRB- .
 I purchased this speaker for travel with my ipod . I wondered about the quality given the price but decided to take a chance . It is a smart looking , small but well made speaker . The sound is not tinny . It is easy to use . Previous reviewers have commented on the volume not being adequate . This is not true if you remember to increase the volume on your ipod or other device as well as the volume of the speakers.In my 20x30 foot basement it rocks!My husband hooked it up to his portable dvd player as well and the sound was great . This is not an alternative for a great sound system but for a bedroom or travel and at this price it is unbeatable.By the way to those reviewers who comment on the difficulty in opening the packaging I recommend they use a unique device called scissors . As a 50 + year old woman I had no problem opening or operating this system .
 I bought these speakers last Friday at the local Wal-Mart store for $ 20 . I could n't believe they had them that cheap and I snapped them up . Unfortunately they did n't have the user manual included but I figured out how to use the product . I have a black ipod that goes everywhere I go and I was so glad to finally go headphone free with a quality device at a great price.I built a deck this weekend while listening to some of Jerry Jeff Walker 's finest songs through the ontour . It is great for our needs outside and moves back in very easily . I am listening to counting crows now at my desk.I highly recommend this product even at the $ 50 on this site . I was lucky to find them for $ 20 but they would have been worth every bit of the $ 50 .
 At the first look , I did n't believe it could create great sound because of its size . But that 's wrong ! When I connected it to my MP3 player , I coud n't believe in my ears
 I have to echo some of the other reviewers angst that this product is a great little travel speaker but that it 's carrying bag does not have room for the AC adapter in it ! Also the packaging cut me several times trying to get the product out , so be careful !
 IT is a good product , I gave it 4 stars becasue i do n't like to open the box to plug the AC thing . Anything else is just better than I spected .
 Bought a Zune 4gb could not use ear buds or headphones . Everything is made for ipod I could only find altec lansing im414 dock station it was n't practical for portable use . Glad I read all the reviews especially about opening the package . You really can slice your fingers off . Take your time when you open it.It 's pretty loud from 1-20 scale you can only use a 5-7 in an ofc enviorment . Fills a 20 x 20 room well . 4gb Zune has no eq but if recordings are base heavy you will be ok . Works A + for Classical music B + for Jazz . Fits in my small shoulder bag very nice and has a carry bag . Looks really cool on my table . Jack location is in the rear should be on the side . Would really improve the product if a center sub wofer was installed .
 Purchased due to price for a trip and was blown away from the quality of the sound from such a small package . I have compared it to my computer 's desktop speakers now see the error of my ways . Now shopping for JBL speaker 's for home due the clarity I found in even this portable unit . Use it way more than I thought I would and it really is portable because the batteries last quite a long time .
 I bought this sound card to replace my Sound Blaster Live ! 5.1 Platinum . I was looking for an external box , plus audio support for the newest games . I had thought the sound quality from my old card was good enough , so I was certainly unprepared for how much better this card sounds . With my speakers , there is almost no audible hiss anymore , and sounds are crisper and cleaner . Whatever shortcomings I encounter in my sound quality now , I am certain have more to do with my speakers than my sound card.The external control box is quite handy , and very easy to set up . Plus , it looks much nicer than any of Creative Lab 's previous breakout boxes . Almost all of the card 's inputs and outputs are located on the box . Only analog outs and a game port actually go in the computer , plus connectors to the external box.Creative Labs has done a good job of cleaing up their act with drivers , but they 've still got a long way to go . The new drivers and software are definitely better designed and more stable than the previous ones for my Live ! , but if you install any of the additional software , then they 're just as intrusive , and require a good bit of tweaking and perhaps uninstalling . Fortunately , there 's now a minimal drivers only installation option.I 've had this sound card for more than a month now . I play a lot of games , listen to a good bit of music , and watch DVDs fairly often . I regularly use the ports on the breakout box , so the extra money was well worth it . However , if you have no need for easy access to any of the inputs or outputs , the much cheaper standard Audigy 2 might be a better choice .
 I have been into home recording for a decade now and started out with the earlier versions of Creative 's flagships -LRB- AWE32/64/Gold / Live 5.1 -RRB- . In my opinion , the Audigy 2 Plat eX is by far the best sounding , all encompassing home recording solution for amateurs and semi-professionals on the market right now.Here is what you will NOT get from the competition for the price :1 . Sampler on card -LRB- Soundfonts -RRB- to create great sounding drums or other instruments -LRB- check out sonicimplants.com -RRB- , download Vienna from Creative -LRB- not included -RRB- 2 . Break out box to hook up external digital sound modules , guitar processors and vocalizers and even video cameras -LRB- it does not seem to heat up too much -RRB- 3 . Stable drivers so far -LRB- after clean XP installation at least - check Creative forums for bugs first ! -RRB- , I am looking forward to the day the drivers support more simultaneous audio tracks and make extensive use of routabel onboard effects4 . Great sound - crisp , clear , loud , easy MP3 and CD creation of your compositionsI strongly recommend this for people who have researched the product and are into home recording at an affordable price.Superb job , Creative !
 This thing sounds awesome . Up-mixed mp3s are great . It records well and the software it came with is good for single instrument recording . It has so many inputs and outputs you wo n't want to live without once you 've had them on your comp.If i were to change it at all it would be to only make the cords to the external box a lot longer and to mount the optical digital input/outputs in the rear .
 I 've had this card for over a year now , and am just now using it to its full potential . I bought it to record music from my guitar and quickly realized I could plug my multieffects processor in it directly as well . I used it for this reason because of its perfect recording quality . At the time of release anyways it was top of the line in this catagory and had the programs to back it up.Unfortunately the program it came with to record at 320k/s was not compliant with my motherboard . It took me awhile to get over this fact but I began using it again and it didnt bother me . You can hear the results here http://www.purevolume.com/justincharles as you can see it does not hamper the preformanceA year later I have a 6.1 speaker system hooked up with an external DVD player with the firewire input included on the external drive to view my movies on my 21 '' CRT screen . I have my guitar hooked up to a mixer which goes into another of the inputs and also allows me to add any other electrical music instruments such as my keyboard and bass.I have a 300 CD changer in one of the inputs attatched not only with RCA cables but with an optical cable for 100 % chance of digital , zero distorted , sound.In the other input I have my minidisk player which I constantly use to record anything my computer does with the `` What U Hear '' option in the mixer program -LRB- included -RRB- and with a recording program which I bought . This is also connected with an optical cable to record digital sound.I use the headphone jack to plug into my 5.1 speaker system that spreads sound throughout the room so that everyone can hear my creations , not just me with my 6.1 system aimed at my head.This still leaves an optical out , a midi out , a midi in , a SPDIF in , a SPDIF out and a firewire slot unused . I have only used HALF of what I have been given to work with and I created everything that I could ever want with sound technology as you can see from above.The program not complying with my motherboard hardly hurts the fact that this is an amazing soundcard to work with no matter what interests you .
 All I could comment on at this time is that transaction and delivery were very good but as far as the reliability of the product , that remains to be seen when I actually get to use the ink cartridges .
 I was pleasantly surprised by this 7 '' LCD . The viewing angle is much better than expected and the build quality on mine feels solid . I have noticed no dead pixels and the pixel density is far better than I expected . I use mine to watch videos while I 'm working . Works great for both videos and things like chat/IM . There is no menu of any kind , the up/down buttons adjust the brightness in 7 steps . I use mine on the second to the dimmest setting -LRB- at this setting it matches my primary 22 '' LCD in luminance -RRB- , so it can get pretty bright.I 'm using Windows 7 64-bit and have been using this LCD daily for about a month.If you need a little bit of extra screen space without taking up too much desk space , this will be A+H ope this helps since there are few reviews on the interwebs currently !
 I bought this on a lark when I discovered such things as mini 7 inch USB monitors existed on ThinkGeek . I currently use it as my third monitor at work so I can look at my incoming e-mails in real-time while I code . The build quality is quite good and the thing works -LRB- and draws the inevitable `` what IS that ? '' comment -RRB- ... but I have some issues :1 -RRB- If I let Windows 7 turn off my displays after X minutes away from the computer , turning them back on does n't work
 Bought this as a second monitor to keep an eye on some security cams I have in my house . The usb connection is easy and it worked using only 1 usb port and not the two on the included cable . However , I have it connected on a powered hub , so that may be why.I use this with OSX 10.5.8 and out of the box I could n't find any drivers . After googling a bit there are OSX drivers at -LSB- ... -RSB- . So keep that in mind if you want to use this with the Mac OS .
 I bought this from Amazon -LRB- shipped through VIVITEQ ... awesome , same-day shipping ! -RRB- for use as both an over-the-lens teleprompter monitor , and a reflected thru-the-lens monitor , connected to an HP-mini laptop running Windows 7 . It performs perfectly for both purposes.It arrived at my door within 24 hours of placing the order : ^ -RRB- , and I quickly ran the installation , which appeared to hang near the end , possibly due to the stock driver 's inability to set the laptop & UM-70 's screen resolution to the necessary 800x400 + / - . I labored with it for an hour or so , with no success , and ne ' r an image on the Lilliput . I then went to the USB Video Driver 's website -LRB- DisplayLink -RRB- and downloaded their brand new , late 2009 , Vista/Win 7 driver . This one installed perfectly , and `` voila '' ... Lilliput had output ! Keep in mind , you will need to change your computer 's display properties to mirror/clone the same output to both monitors , but that is easy.Additionally , the provided USB cable has TWO USB plugs on one end , and a small one on the other , which plugs into the UM-70 . The docs do n't really specify whether to use one or both of the larger USB plugs , so I used both , and it works fine . Using both may provide a more adequate power source to the LCD?All in all , I am impressed with the picture quality . . good color , crisp , and am I am very happy with the purchase .
 I 'm a law student doing research for a couple professors this summer . A lot of times I need a full screen on Westlaw or LexisNexis on my laptop , but I want to take notes too . Switching between the programs is very annoying -LRB- you lose your place and have to click Alt + Tab a lot -RRB- , and splitting the screen up is a hassle . So , I bought the Lilliput 7 '' external monitor and it works perfectly for this purpose . I put my data entry on the lilliput screen and my research task on the main screen and it saves me a ton of time while making my office totally mobile . The unit is extremely portable
 This is a great monitor for those who want some extra real estate , but do n't want a full 2nd monitor ! I loaded it up with Windows Sidebar widgets/gadgets , and keep my music player -LRB- Winamp -RRB- information over there . Definitely one of my best investments for the PC .
 The following review was written in 2010 for this mini-monitor , for which I paid $ 99.99 , NOT THE $ 329.95 AMAZON IS NOW ASKING FOR IT . Something is wrong here , especially since it is still be offered elsewhere for $ 99.99 . I had no problem installing this mini monitor and it does exactly what I wanted it to do . I keep an editor open on that screen and use it to save snippits of code that I want to refer back to on my main screens .
 Got this from Think Geek months ago and thought it was causing problems for a while
 This screen is the perfect size for keeping tiny programs visibly active while my main monitors are busy with full-screen programs . The screen is just right for keeping dashboards open for programs such as Teamspeak , ventrillo , and skype . I highly recommend this product for anyone who needs a simple and effective secondary monitor .
 I needed a small display to put in my office door window
 5 * stars for this product easy to use hardware was found and installed with no problem . . Win7 see it you just follow the set up and your off and looking at extra realastate.LILLIPUT 7 INCHES TOUCH SCREEN LCD MONITOR
 I am pleased with the Zio CompactFlash media reader . It is simple and easy to use , out of the box . The benefits of reading the card directly into the computer from the card without having to attach the camera itself include :1 -RRB- I 'm not using up the camera battery2 -RRB- I do n't need the optional AC power cord -LRB- a significant savings -RRB- 3 -RRB- It is easy to share the contents of the FlashCard with friends without having to give up the use of the camera while they are downloading the pictures to their PCI certainly recommend this product for any digital camera user .
 I love my ZIO ! How 's that ... So easy to use , just insert your smartmedia card into the ZIO and plug the unit into your USB port , and your system sees it ... it 's that simple ! Great for people on the run ! I use mine to quickly get images from my digital camera to the computer . A painless operation ! How often does that happen ? Needless to say , this unit goes everywhere I do !
 This monitor is definitely worth its value . using it for couple of months now , no complaints at all . Though i havent been using its speakers which are of ok quality .
 Excellent product for the price and compared with alternatives . Bright colors , great definition . I Strongly recommend it .
 This monitor is a great value ! The picture is vibrant and clear and it did n't empty my pocketbook . It is extremely user friendly as well . The only thing that I wish were a little better is the sound dynamic from the built in speakers . Although it is a space saver it would be nice if they carried the ability to have a little more bass . Unfortunately you have to take that from someone who went from having a subwoofer speaker system to just having the built in computer speakers . They are very normal computer speakers though and I am extremely happy with this purchase .
 I am using the AirPort card in an iBook , with an AirPort Base station in my home . This allows me to use my laptop inside and outside my home , up to about a 120-150 foot radius , for printing to my networked printer , connecting to other wired or wireless Macs , or connect to the internet -LRB- The AirPort Base Station , sold separately , acts as a Cable/DSL router , sharing the connection with up to 50 other networked Macs or PCs -RRB- . PROs
 I own this flatpanel in OEM version -LRB- SGI F220 -RRB- , and I 'm extremely satisfied with it . What made me go fo it was the exceptional crisp colors when watching DVDs . Also good control for adapting and stretching the picture.It works up to 1600x1200x83Hz in analogue mode and has picture in a picture which is very nice as tv out from your gfx board.In digital you have max 1600x1024x60Hz , but all other resolutions look good as well , thanks to the good stretching and interpolation.The only negative point is pixel refresh rate could have been a bit better -LRB- on very fast action you get some jagging -RRB- , but I 've not seen this any better on other LCD monitors either .
 I 've tried a Palm an Ipaq and the Zaurus and have decided to stick with the Zaurus . From a hardware standpoint the Zaurus beats all other competitors with its built in keyboard , expansion slots , industry leading LCD screen and replaceable li-ion battery . Curiously the Zaurus lacks an internal microphone like its Pocket PC competitors , but instead has an input/output phone jack.My unit has served as an eBook , an address book , an mp3 player , a photo album , an alarm clock , video player and a pocket video game machine . The linux shell has also allowed me to use the same tools available on a desktop machine and has also proved to be highly configurable.Pros : - keyboard , blackberry-like , much more efficient than writing - plethora of open source software available - highly configurable , even allows custom kernelsCons : - casing scratches easily - short battery life -LRB- but replaceable -RRB- - Sync Software is not as refined as Palm 's - packaged Media Player can not fast forward or rewind - does not save application state on suspendSum it up
 I purchased my Zaurus sl-5500 over a year ago and have never been disapointed . I choose the sharp pda because of the short lifespan that plagues most pda models -LRB- ahem ... ipaq ... -RRB- . I had owned several sharp products in the past , including an imported md player , and still have all of them running strong . Sticking by sharp was definitly a good choice , because my zaurus has taken all kinds of beatings and is still running perfect . My zaurus has been dropped in a toilet , fallen out of my pocket while skateboarding , been tossed around all over the place , frozen , and sat on . Although the plastic casing has its share of scratches and dings , the zaurus still performs perfectly . I have it coupled with an ambicom wifi card and have loved its wireless support . I can scroll instant message and surf ubersite from the toilet with ease . I have changed the gui and have added all kinds of software and never had a problem with the system . I was afraid that my lack of knowledge would hurt my ability to use and take advantage of the zaurus 's capabilities , but the software is intuitive and easy to use . The zaurus runs great as a stock pda , but it excels in its custamizability and compatability . I would recomend the zaurus to anyone looking for a pda , above any other brand .
 Let me give my background ... I am a lifelong WINDOWS user . I have XP on my PC . I am not a professional programmer . I have almost no knowledge of Linux.Having said that ... I found Zaurus to be the easiest and most intuitive PDA to use . The keyboard is awesome , especially if you can use your thumbs well . The PIM application are very adequate . My favorite feature is the MP3 player . the clarity is mind blowing . add a generous configuration with memory , games and applications ... it does not hang your desktop -LRB- I have an P4 -RRB- or lock up . battery life is good , i put it on the charger every night . i had the ipaq 3635 before and i liked it but Zaurus blows it off the water . you might have to wait a while to get an extensive software library going but the current applications out there should cover ALL your needs ... i am sure there will be better PDA 's in the future . . but currently this the best PDA out there ... guaranteed ...
 Well , anybody who read my 1st review , please read this one ! After playing with the Zaurus over the weekend , I decided to not return it ... I originally had two issues with it - the screen and the battery life.Screen
 I purchased the Zaurus from here and have to say it is great . It is a wonderfull PDA as well as a linux tool . Do n't get too down from the reviews based on the developer models . Sharp did do some clean up and revision on the `` consumer '' models vs the developer models , and the double memory helps a great deal . But I will warn you that this PDA is not for the PDA newby . I would recommend that this PDA be for the power computer user who needs more than a simple PIM and Music player . There are some quirks with syncing that if you are careful can be easily worked around . I think this platform will be succesfull as more software is developed and the Zaurus bugs and quirks get worked out . Remember this is a new PDA , and it 's a GREAT deal better than MS 's first attempt -LRB- or second attempt for that matter -RRB- , even better than some of the recent Palms in my opinion . I owned a Palm IIIx previously .
 I was reluctant to purchase this PDA when I was searching for one . The price , the size , and the OS were n't big selling points to me . I had never had much experience with any forms of Linux before . But after some persuasion by the salesperson at CompUSA , I decided to get it . I have yet to regret buying it . I had two other PDA 's to compare to
 I 'm Very pleased with my Zaurus . It 's really morelike a full computer than a PDA . I 'm typing thisusing my Zaurus ' 802.11 b connecrtion to the internet.I can also highly recommend the Linksys WCF12compact flash card for use with the Zaurus.Cheers
 This PDA is great . I am a big Linux fan and a Java Developer by trade . I may be biased on the software side , but if you consider the hardware alone , it is amazing . The hidden qwerty keyboard , the memory , resolution ... it is all good . And , it is 50 bones cheaper than the Wince ... err ... WinCE devices.I have developed a few Java apps aready on it ... and although they are not super fast like the QT native apps , I would say they still operate faster than any comparable Palm software.I have to admit , the pre-installed productivity software -LRB- Address book , E-mail , etc. -RRB- are lacking , but I know there are people developing more robust applications as we speak . That being said , I was able to easily synch with Outlook E-Mail and Calendar.It ships with HancomWord , HancomPresenter , and HancomSheet , all of which open Microsoft Word , Powerpoint , and Excel respectively . In fact , I loaded a 2 meg doc into HancomWord and it did a very good job of opening what I would consider a `` standard '' documents . It renders the bmps and jpgs so they are smaller . Formatting errors were hardly present.All and all , I have to say this is a great new PDA to use . I am very happy with it .
 I 've been running an SL5500 since they came out . Being a Linux geek wannabe type , the Zaurus was a natural . Sure some interfaces are prettier and some PIM apps on other platforms may be slicker but as they say , `` Beauty is only skin deep . `` My Zaurus sees almost daily use as a network troubleshooting aid on my job in field service maintaining Cat Scanners , MRI 's and other medical imaging devices . Slap in a CF network card , configure it to the network and wham ! I 'm on the network . I do n't have to wait 10 minutes for my company issued Win2k pro laptop to boot up . -LRB- Did I mention I loathe all things MS ? -RRB- And yes , besides being a very adept network device capable of a myriad of server duties , it can be a very decent PDA.The Zaurus is a very capable device with a huge library of s/w downloads available that can make the little guy do just about anything except make toast . -LRB- And I 'm not too sure that it ca n't do that . -RRB- The latest ROM -LRB- V3 .10 -RRB- converts the calendar and contacts to an SQL based database . A SQL database on a PDA . What will we see next?The 5500 has treated me so well I just had to add a SL6000L to my Zaurus fleet.Count me as another satisfied Zaurus user
 Right now the 5500 is around $ 200 and it is hard to beat this PDA at that price . Sure the 5600 and 6500 have fancier features , but they are still priced too high . The best thing about the Sharp Zaurus running Linux is the enormous amount of free software that has been developed for it . You can make this little PDA do ANYthing ! My only gripe is that Sharp has n't put more effort into making syncing the Zaurus with Linux easier out of the box . It 's as if they assumed a Linux PDA would only be popular with Windows and Mac users . How dumb is that ? Otherwise , my favorite PDA .
 Sharp has done a great job with this PDA . I love the fact that it has both an SD/MMC slot and a CF slot . I can use the SD for storage and the CF for wireless connectivity . And with Linux as the OS , there are lots of free / low-cost applications and games around already . I was a little disappointed with the image viewer on large JPEGs -LRB- 1600x1200 -RRB- , but other than that it 's great .
 I 'm writing this now ON the Zaurus using the web browser and a Linksys CF wireless card . Works great ! All the linux tools are there . Set up is easy . Very cool !
 Ok , this PDA is awsome !! I got the Zaurus for Christmas this year , and this thing is so cool and easy -LRB- My mom could even figure out how to check her e-mail without too much help -RRB- . I could n't get it to sync with my computer through USB , so I used my wireless LAN card to sync , which was easy enough , and if it means less cords , I 'm all for it ! With the wireless LAN , all I did was put it in there and it reconized the link on my dad 's access point ! No software required ! All around , this is a great PDA !!!
 This is a pretty nice PDA with notebook like features . With it , I have been able to store lots of useful information and add tons of powerful software . The best part is that it support JAVA and is opensource so there is a TON of software for it . I recommend this unit for anyone who wants to work and play on the road .
 I love my Zaurus . Partly because I prefer Linux over Windows , but also because of its excellent features . Wireless -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- networking was -LRB- is -RRB- no problem . With that I get High-speed mobile internet access throughout the house and near the house . Set up the SSH server and log in and any difficulties entering info or transferrring data are gone . Setup the Samba server and share files across the network with relative ease . SD and CF slots are a SWEET extra ! Nice color display also . New apps are coming out daily and the Linux OS make it easy on developers . We still need a port for AvantGo however . Lastly , tcp/ip over USB makes non-wireless networking easy .
 Sometime ago , I had a Palm but could not manage to find it useful . So I had given up on PDA . But with Zaurus , I 've discovered that a PDA could be versatile and nice . I also enjoy the idea of being able to run my C programs ... on such a small tool , even though I 've never tried it yet.And as I am also a Linux user , I really appreciate my Zaurus.I like the open Source idea.Do not hesitate , try it !
 Its important for people not familiar to the open source way of life to understand right away that this device will destroy PalmOS outright . CE will stay because of the backing but is going to be playing catch up by the second generation of this device . As an example , one small feature of the Z is the TCP USB sync . That feature is symbolic of most of the Z 's features . If you know what to do with it , it makes the Z something that no other PDA can be . If you only use it to sync to a desktop it will do that too.My point , with some effort on the users ' part -LRB- or previous computer knowledge -RRB- you can do things with the Z that simply can not be done with CE or Palm . For the people that just want to use this like the other PDA 's it is priced inline with the competition . The true value of this lay ahead . The software dev community will put distance between the competing OS 's all the while you can sit back and try it all instead of waiting to see if someone will port insert_cool_app_here to the dying OS 's . -LRB- Oh and charge me for it if they do -RRB- Your interest in software increases the rating of this exponentially . If you do n't need a PDA right now ... . wait for round two of this fight . The difference will be stark . BTW Nokia is moving its cell phones to the linux/java platform . I know palm was not even an option , CE is shriveling on the vine in that market and I can already make voice-over-IP calls with the Z. Lastly , this was authored and submitted with the Zaurus .
 I am absolutly amazed what this little and cheap thingcan do . It can do all standard PDA can -LRB- calendar/office/e-mail / internet -RRB- but then there is a lotof things that leave other PDAs in the dust :0 . Little keyboard rocks - VERY convenient1 . It is Linux/Java - powerful combination with a lotof free , easy to install software . -LRB- It is Linux butinstallation is as simple as PlamOS/Windows based PDAs - no difference - download file and click on it ! -RRB- 2 . It has both commercial and free movie -LRB- divx including -RRB- and mp3 players - my favorite is free mplayer you can get fromthe web , you can encode DVD on Linux/Mac with mencoderand fit 3 hours of VHS quality movies on a single 256MBCF card !!! 3 . Just snap a CF wireless card and you get network ! 4 . It has VoIP application -LRB- need to pay extra -RRB- tkcPhone5 . Both openssh and vnc are avalaible so you can use itas remote terminal to your desktop in text and graphicalmode . Imagine using PDA on the couch in the livingroom to control your PC in the office ! 6 . Uses SD and CF. CF is cheap and large - great for storingmovies . You can also connect network card/modem with it.SD can be used for more permanent storage.I ca n't imagine what more I would want from a PDA ... I can think only about TV-out and TV-in so I can playmoveis from it on TV and watch movies on it from DVD player . . But I think this is something that even most notebooksdo not have and not a single PDA ...
 This was my first PDA ... but I had been looking hard at the Palm and Handspring PDA 's before I got this one . It 's really feature rich and I have no problem synching with my laptop and my desktop . I also like the fact that there are two card slots , one compactflash -LRB- CF -RRB- and one secure digital SD slot . So there 's tons of room to store all kinds of stuff . Aside from the calendar , to do list and word/excel spreadsheet uses , I also use my zaurus as an MP3 player . . works great with MP3 's running off one of the cards . If you want a great PDA , this is the one to get ! . . oh , did I mention the mini keyboard that is only a click away under the navigation buttons ???
 This pda is the ultimate in computing power
 I jumped on the Palm bandwagon back when they were still made by US Robotics ... . went through a Palm Pilot Professional , then a Handspring Visor Deluxe ... . they were nice devices , and did what I needed them to do at the time - Calendar , To Do , Memo , Contacts.The Sharp SL-5500 does all of this and more ... This is not just a PDA , but a full fledged computer with a modern browser -LRB- Opera -RRB- , and MP3/MPEG player , and all the PIM apps you need . Some of the PIM applications are not as refined as on the Palm , but they are very usable and I have no complaints.As a Palm Graffiti user , I was able to supplement the SL-5500 's handwriting recognition with some of the graffiti gestures I 'm used to ... . and the built in keyboard is excellent ... . once you read the Unofficial FAQ to find the undocumented chars
 After reading a variety of reviews on a number of palm devices , I decided to try the Zaurus . So far , I hav n't been dissapointed with my decision . The Zaurus GUI is responsive and the applications appear to work well and intuitively . The text reader application did lock up on a huge file . Other than that , no problems.As stated previously , this product 's greatest strength is the Linux OS that lies underneath rhe hood . I 've downloaded a few UNIX shell based tools that have compiled and worked without a hitch . I love using Opera with a d-link cf wireless card . It required almost no tweaking and works great . The Zaurus is made of plastic but appears to be fairly durable . The battery is a bit underpowered on 5500 -LRB- The 5600 has a battery 2X larger . -RRB- If you plan on networking the 5500 , read the security information regarding ftp weaknesses in early models.Overall , a great value for $ 200 !
 I have been given the developer 's version of this PDA from JavaOne conference . First impression was excellent , Sharp was very smart about integrating a hidden keyboard , far better than plugging an external keyboard like Palm . . No mess very clean . . This is not just a cool gagdet but a very useful device , it acts just like all other current PDAs , got all the softwares that are necessary to perform the tasks for a PDA . . Although it 's a new OS , but sooner than later , there will be lots of software floating around . Again , this is a good thing to encourage more people to develop software for Linux . . Secondly , keen software engineer could write codes on the move . . Thirdly , is n't this the only PDA that allows two types of external memory without those messy plug-in devices like iPAQ ? Lastly , the GUI is just nicely done ... Resolution and screen size are perfect . I have been looking around at the current market such as iPAQ , Sony Clie , Palm etc and I have to say , this has the best resolution and it 's so crisp.This is my first PDA and I am a very proud owner of it !
 The most notable attribute mentionable is the sheer force behind this device . Unlike the Pocket PC operating system -LRB- OS -RRB- , this little Zaurus is running an embedded distribution of the Linux OS . Need I say more ? The possibilities are endless . Sharp hosts a great Internet site that 's for application distribution and support . It 's at myzaurus.com . Here you can get applications , updates and documents . You can download the console for running terminal commands.There were a few quirks that I experienced with loading application packages . There is an auto-reboot after you finish installing a package or a group of packages on the device . I could not get the Zaurus to recognize more packages after the first reboot . Without looking into it more , I loaded as many packages as I could at once , and then let it do the auto-reboot . If you have a problem with the system that a software restart does not fix , you can reset the system to factory defaults quite easily , and restore from backups . The procedures are clearly documented in the manuals that accompany the device.The sync worked as well as I could expect . I did not try the Intellisync software on my desktop because the instruction manual stated that only one of the two sync software choices can be installed on your PC system at one time.Personally , I love using this PDA . Everything you need is built-in . The fact that you have support for both SD memory and CF memory cards opens so many doors for expansion . The onboard mini QWERTY keyboard is outstanding . There is a software keyboard and text recognition application that comes with it as well . Just the games that came loaded on the unit displays its superior graphics capabilities.I tested my IPAQ with the Pocket PC 2k2 OS , and the Zaurus on my friends wife , who knows nothing about computers , to see which she thought was more intuitive to use for basic word editing , solitaire , etc. . She was lost on the Zaurus . She did n't like the text recognizer on the Zaurus , but found the Pocket PC text recognizing software much easier to use . The text recognition software on the Zaurus is not as forgiving as the Pocket PC version , or you have to train it to your handwriting style . Overall she did much better using the Pocket PC.Generally , I would rate the Zaurus as being more geared towards the advanced computer user , or someone that is good at reading manuals and taking the time to learn . If you want a good `` no-brainer '' PDA then I would recommend a Palm or Pocket PC .
 I was not really looking actively for a PDA , but when a good one showed up for a reasonable price on this site , I decided to go with Sharp Zaurus . Before that I have read quite a few positive reviews , and decided that Zaurus seemed to be a good choice.While it seemed that Zaurus was a nice little gadget , it 's usability as a tool has not met expectations . I travel , I write , I program Java and Perl occasionally , I read email and browse , read books , listen to the music , and that 's what I expected to do with this PDA.Battery life . Battery life was perhaps the biggest disappointment . Three hours is ok to get you through the day just checking up phone numbers and going back into the hybernate mode , but when I am up for reading a good book on the road trip , the battery life is quite disappointing , especially since newer models from Dell and Compaq boast 7-8 hours for the same kind of color screen.Keyboard . While Zaurus features quite an innovative design with built-in keyboard , if your plan is to type a journal entry , extensive email , or a 2-page paper , this PDA wo n't be of much use . I am a male , which besides some strong points brings in such indispensable attribute as large hands with large fingers , meaning that Zaurus experience was quite a nuisance for me . To be fair , that 's probably true for all PDAs , not just this one specifically . But next time I will shop for one that has an external keyboard , Zaurus built-in one was good enough maybe to type two lines of text , not more.Applications . There 's a wealth of applications for Zaurus out there and I did not feel that I was missing anything important . I discovered that I could not play WMV videos , but that 's proprietary Windows format , so it 's expectable . Zaurus did a good job playing MPEGs and MP3s , which is what most of my collection is anyway.Large documents . You would imagine that a PDA with 200 MHz , 64MB of RAM and about 512 MB total of added Flash card memory would cope with a text file of size 1-2 MB . After all , if you download a book off the Internet , that 's the size that is quite common , especially if it 's a PDF file with illustrations or some weird page formatting . My old laptop has a Pentium 90Mhz with 16 MB of RAM -LRB- do n't laugh -RRB- and I had no problem dealing with large -LRB- larger than 1 MB -RRB- Word documents , PDF files or plain TXT documents . On Zaurus this experience proved to be quite painful . The documents sometimes would take 20 minutes -LRB- I am not kidding -RRB- to load and even then I would get an error about insufficient memory . Small documents under 50K load quickly , but then you can read them in couple of minutes anyway.I sold my Zaurus and am on the market for a new PDA . I am OS-agnostic , thus I do n't care whether it 's Palm , Windows or Linux based device . Now that I have had experience with a pocket computer , I know what to look for .
 There is no better description for it . It is amazing to see I can carry my linux box in my pocket and out there hundreds of productivity software ready to install . For windows-only-people it may not mean much , but the power it gives to linux/unix aware people is great . Not every product is for everybody . The hardware is impressive too , very bright and crystal clear screen and the keyboard get 5 stars . I LUV MY ZAURUS ! Cheers !
 Dear Sharp Zaurus SL-5500 : I just wanted to take a minute to let you know how important you are to me . I probably do n't tell you this enough , but you make a big difference to me in my life.It is strange to think that it was only a few short months ago that I first started thinking about buying you . You seemed so aloof at first , so distant . I did n't know what to expect . I mean , I was pretty sure that I wanted to be with you . But I was n't sure we would click as well as we do now.I really enjoy being with you . Inputing data is so easy with you . And you came with so many great applications . True , at first , your battery did n't seem to last as long . But now that I have charged you a few times , it seems as though your battery is lasting longer and longer.You were fairly easy to sync with my Windows 2000 O.S. And I was easily able to transfer address book information from my old Palm IIIxe to you just by beaming.How bright your colors are ! How fantastic the stereo sound performs ! How fast your processor runs ! How expandable you are!I have easily been able to find stuff to install on you , everything from games to mortgage calculators to task managers , etc. . Many useful informational websites about you exist , and they all help me grow closer to you.Anyway , I just hope that we can continue our great relationship together for a long time to come.All my love , Your owner
 I love my Zaurus , and have a few words ... :1 . -RRB- There 's ALWAYS room for another OS . Competition keeps the industry alive . Look at the consumer computer OS market -LRB- no competition -RRB- vs the console gaming market -LRB- TONS of competition -RRB- . The consumer OS market seems stagnant compared to the lively and highly competative console gaming market .2 . -RRB- Sharp is targetting high end users -LRB- Business professionals are NOT high end users -RRB- who desire the complete customization that comes with having an open system , plus the ease of JAVA development for customized applications . IT directors who need to get into their system from anywhere at any time , businesses which need data access over a large area where terminals are impractical , etc. 3 . -RRB- Yes , Java , but no , not a PDA . They never meant this Zaurus to be `` just another PDA '' . See my previous point as to why Java on the Zaurus is a good thing , and why it 's not `` just another PDA '' .4 . -RRB- If they took any more time to develop Linux and OSX sync , the product would have been delayed even further -- a self-defeating plan . One of the advantages of appealing to the OSS community is if they did n't develop it , someone else defintely will . Yes , this is a cheesy easy way out , but it also ensures that the application will be written that is useful to those who use it .5 . -RRB- Yes , it 's a first release . A ... good first release at that . There is a lack of software currently available for it , but it is growing at an astonishing rate . Even before official release , companies like The Kompany and Handango had software ready to go -- not to mention the entire OSS community who is hyped about the system creating free alternative software -LRB- and even a completely repackaged operating system -RRB- for it .
 Bought this pda and i loved it so much i created the zaurushacks.com forum for people to meet , exchange info , troubleshoot , etc. hope to see you all there.-joel
 The Sharp Zaurus Linux-based PDA is both extremely powerful , and easy to use.The Zaurus 's fast CPU , high quality full-color LCD , and excellent headphone sound output makes for an impressive photo viewer , MP3 and MOD music player , and video-clip displayer.The slide-out keyboard has completely weaned me from using the handwriting system , which is unfortunate , because a lot of work was obviously put into it . Not only does the handwriting system have a help mode where you can practice strokes , but you can actually train it new , or alternate strokes for each character . But when you can type so quickly , why bother writing?The dual expansion slots are great , allowing me to use an SD card for software installation , and still have my CF slot free for a RAM card full of MP3s or a network adapter.Honestly , I was impressed by the capabilities of the Java system . In my opinion , Java has always been too slow and cumbersome to use , and the thought of running it on a 206MHz PDA seemed ridiculous . But from what I 've seen of Java applications -LRB- even games ! -RRB- running on the Zaurus , I 'm beginning to realize there 's a lot of potential in Java.As a desktop Linux user , I 'm also tickled to have the power and stability of my favorite OS underneath the hood . For the extremely geeky , you can get Java , C and C++ compilers that run ON the Zaurus!The `` Qtopia '' environment and applications are as intuitive as they are nice to look at . The PIM applications have all the functionality I 'm used to from my Palm device , and then some.Until I can afford a wireless modem to stick in one of my Zaurus ' two expansion slots , I 've been using a Compact Flash ethernet dongle to get online while watching TV.After using offline browsers on the Palm , I was shocked to find a full-fledge , desktop-quality browser built right into my Zaurus
 I have to admit , I was very skeptical about this PDA because of the Linux OS . I have been an avid user of Pocket PC since its inception . I 've had an Ipaq and most recently , and Audiovox Maestro . Both machines were awesome however they were never for me because I am very input intensive and I hated the on screen keyboard and the graffiti . So I decided to take the plunge with the new Zaurus . I could n't be happier . The screen is the best I 've seen and Linux is easy to get used to . In my opinion the keyboard is perfect for my needs . Thumb typing is a snap and I now do n't feel like I have to enter every new contact or new appointment on my desktop first , then sync with my PDA . The Opera Web browser is also very nice with the ability to shrink/enlarge the webpage as needed . Word , Excel and Powerpoint compatible programs round out my needs plus there are plenty of extras to boot . Sharp did a great job and I highly recommend this PDA over the others .
 First and foremost , if you are looking for purely Personal Information Management -LRB- PIM -RRB- functions and not generally inclined towards Linux , then do yourself a favor and buy yourself a Palm Pilot.The Zaurus is basically a mini Linux workstation with a lot of functionality you would normally find only on a desktop . With the Zaurus , you can : * Browse the web with a scalable and full featured browser * Read and edit MS-Office documents -LRB- Word , Excel and Powepoint -RRB- * Write and execute scripts and programs -LRB- including Java -RRB- * Play music and video * Control your desktop Windows PC -LRB- using VNC software -RRB- It is so powerful that you can actually use it as a Web or file server -LRB- using Apache and Samba -RRB- . I use my Zaurus to administrate my Linux server and Oracle database server when I am away from my desk.Plus there are tons of applications , utilities , games , etc. , that you can download . Zaurus has a very active user community forum -LRB- check the links from the Sharp Zaurus official web sites -RRB- where you can get a lot of useful tips from.Having said all that , the PIM functions that came with the Zaurus were pretty poor compared with the Palm Pilot . This lead me to hang on to my Palm Vx for dear life . I even took the drastic step of downloading and installing a Palm Pilot emulator -LRB- called QPose -RRB- onto my Zaurus . The performance hit on the Zaurus was so bad that I had to delete QPose and instead carry both my Palm Vx and Zaurus with me.However , now that Sharp has released a new ROM -LRB- v3 .10 , as of May 15 , 2003 , see below -RRB- the PIM functions have vastly improved . So much that I am now inclined to keep my Palm at home and take only the Zaurus along.Upon getting your Zaurus , do yourself a favor and install the terminal and file manager applications that come in the CD . The terminal application enables you to do a lot of tweaking and is mandatory if you plan to use the Zaurus to its full capabilty . It actually comes with a basic Linux shell environment and comes with such neat utilities as vi editor , ftp and telnet clients , ping , and a large number of Linux/Unix tools.Another application I found very useful is called `` rotation '' . It enables you to rotate the application screens by 90 degrees , making such things as web browsing , file editing and using the terminal appication a lot more pleasing and functional . You can download the `` qpe-rotation '' and `` qt-embedded-rotation '' files -LRB- ipks -RRB- from the ZaurusSoft website.Also , an important suggestion to existing SL-5500 users : Sharp has just released the latest ROM -LRB- v3 .10 , May 15 , 2003 -RRB- which makes the SL-5500 look and behave like the newer SL-5600 . I * strongly urge * SL-5500 users with the old ROM -LRB- v2 .38 -RRB- to download and install this new ROM . The user interface with the new ROM is a lot cleaner and neater and has more stable applications -LRB- including a vastly improved Opera browser and much better PIM applications -RRB- .
 I 've been trying to use the Zaurus for the last week or so . The product has turned out to be a mixed blessing.The Good :1 -RRB- This is without a doubt the ultimate programmer 's PDA .2 -RRB- You can write code , compile , and execute on the Zaurus -LRB- hard to believe but it 's true -RRB- .3 -RRB- There is quite a bit of good free software , including neocalc , which is a great calculator .4 -RRB- Amazon.com had a stellar deal on it .5 -RRB- Contrary to some of the reviews I 've seen , the screen is very nice looking.The not so good :1 -RRB- The software to sync with a PC -LRB- Win2K in this case -RRB- stinks . It crashes , hangs , intermittently refuses to connect , and requires special knowledge not included in the manual to get it to work . I 've tried both Intellisync and Qtopia Desktop . Intellisync appears to be a hopeless basket case , but I was able to get Qtopia Desktop to work as long as I did n't have too many files on my CF -LRB- too many files causes a nasty crash on the PC side -RRB- . Too bad I need to sync with Outlook .2 -RRB- I 've managed to fry a 128Meg SD Flash by leaving it in during a hard reset of the Zaurus . That should n't happen , but it did .3 -RRB- The Hancom Suite -LRB- MS compatible Word processor , spreadsheet , and presentation viewer -RRB- is weak but usable .4 -RRB- The battery life is short -LRB- especially with a Wireless LAN adapter -RRB- .5 -RRB- The MP3 software would n't play any of my variable bit rate files . I do n't believe there is anything terribly unusual about them -LRB- other than they have been encoded using LAME -RRB- .6 -RRB- The MP1 video is very slow and choppy at Video CD bit rates -LRB- like ~ 1 frame/sec -RRB- . I 've found it difficult to get a bit rate the works well for me when trying to take full advantage of the screen resolution . Perhaps the DiVX decoder that is being developed will solve this problem.Even with these serious problems , I 'd still consider it a great tool for a programmer and will give it 4 stars . For non-programmer types , I 'd give it 1 star .
 I separated my review into the following items ... Screen - The screen is excellent with very good visibility in various lighting conditions and accurate with the stylus.Keyboard - Very usable , you wo n't write a book with it but it 's faster then any handwriting recognition or pick board . I have experimented with the handwriting recognition and it appears to work ok too , but I 'd rather `` thumb type '' . You have many options for data input with this device.Performance - Fast and stable ! I was very impressed hopping around to the different apps with no wait time what so ever . As a stress test I started playing some MP3 's , opened a spreadsheet , fired up a java animation demo and the CPU handled it fine not even breaking a sweat at 30 % utilization.Expandability - The compact flash support is excellent . Just throw in a CF card with data and your set to go . A CF with MP3 's works great ! I have n't tried any of the CF wireless network cards , Proxim wireless cards , or modems but it appears ready to go.Applications - It 's loaded with a lot of nice applications out of the box ... Spreadsheet App , PowerPoint presenter , Word Processor , MP3/MPG Player , Email , Web Browser , Games , etc. . Not to mention the growing list of applications on the internet ... Design - Very nice and solid . It feels extremely light , and has a nice size to it . The pull out keyboard is ingenious.If you have no interest or knowledge with Linux , you 'll be fine using it there is little learning curve . It 's very intuitive and easy to get around . If your a Linux guru , you 'll know what to do . < grin > You will have a big smile at boot up with message `` Entering Runlevel
 I just received mine two days ago and after ` playing ' with it I can tell you that it 's an extremely powerful PDA . Im not a Linux user nor do I know Java . I simply needed a quick way to input data because I 'm in grad school . It took about 15 minutes to get used to the keyboard , but after that I was away.It comes with a Word application that is compatible with MS Word . So while on the bus I was able to work on my research and simply sync it back to my main document on my PC.Also I purchased a wireless network card because my dorm is wired and Im able to surf the Internet at blazing speeds . I even cut and pasted a Map into my Word application with no problems!Truly this is a great little ` computer ' and the price is good . I look forward to more applications in the future . .
 This review is with reference to the Zaurus SL-5500 along with the Linksys wireless CF cardFirst the pros ... -LRB- 1 -RRB- Screen is very easy to see and the colors are just gorgeous . -LRB- 2 -RRB- Sound via the headphones is outstanding . -LRB- 3 -RRB- Auto scaling of images is impressive . -LRB- 4 -RRB- The web browser scaling is very good and the text is readable even at it 's smallest setting . -LRB- 5 -RRB- Keyboard is quite comfortable and I find myself using it more than handwriting . -LRB- 6 -RRB- Transfer from Palm is very easy - just beam the entire category over and it takes care of the rest . -LRB- 7 -RRB- Availability of software is quite good ... have ssh , wap browser amd mysql running on it . Download the command tool and you get your hands on all the standard UNIX utilities , including tar , grep and vi.Now the cons : -LRB- 1 -RRB- More memory would certainly help . Given that this thing has a built in mp3 player and a mpeg player - 64MB of usable memory would be good . Of the 64 , only 32 is really available . -LRB- 2 -RRB- I would have prefered a regular Type II PCMCIA slot over the CF slot , but then again this is a pet peeve of mine . -LRB- 3 -RRB- The built in PIM applications do need some work.Overall impression ... It 's a really nice piece of engineering . The fact that it has a built in keyboard without sacrificing screen estate in my view makes it stand out from the Handspring , CE and Palm devices . That coupled with Linux makes it a winning combination in my book .
 I purchased the Zaurus SL-5500 PDA a few weeks ago and I have to say that this is the best PDA on the market . I 've used an iPaq but it does not compare to the Zaurus . The Zaurus has most software to be expected by a high-end PDA . It also includes a Java virtual machine to allow Java programs to run . This enables a tremendous amount of Java software to be easily ported to the Zaurus . You can use the USB base included to connect to the internet . The web browser Opera includes Javascript support and allows easy zooming so you can view web pages made for desktop PC 's easily . There is a wireless modem option and wireless ethernet compact flash adapter available . The web site www.myzaurus.com has commercial and free software that receives updates daily . Most programs take up very little space on FLASH to get the most out of the FLASH space available . The keyboard is fast and easy to use . For those who are techno-geeks there is a Bash shell available with most commands including telnet and ftp . Emacs can even be downloaded ! Heck , they even have a port of Quake for this thing ! For the non-techno-geeks the Zaurus is easy to use , my wife has had no problems ! Programs are simple to install . Just download the . ipk file to the Zaurus with the included syncronization software and then click Install button on the Zaurus , could n't be easier . The Zaurus is not just a PDA , it is a huge step forward for the replacement of your desktop PC !
 I 've had a development version of the Zaurus for a few months now and have to say I really like it . Not that it 's perfect , far from it , but it seems like a very well put together PDA.First , the keyboard is usable . I used to use a Psion Revo Plus , and the keyboard on the Zaurus is not nearly as usable as the Revo 's , but it 's still better than nothing . And it 's hidden when it 's not in use . There are other input methods available -LRB- a pickboard , an onscreen keyboard , and a graffiti like system -RRB- , but the keyboard beats them all.The display is very nice , better than the IPAQs I 've played with , and the backlight is strong . There 's no built in speaker , so any MP3 playback will have to be done through headphones . The unit seems able to handle all sorts of media -LRB- MP3 , Mpeg Video , and there is a divx :--RRB- player -RRB- . The bundled PIM apps are n't quite as good as the apps built into the IPAQ , but the browser and email applications are excellent . Opera provides the browser , and the email is full featured , with IMAP capabilities.All in all , not a bad PDA . A definite alternative to the IPAQ , and not a purchase you 'd regret .
 Simply put , I prefer the Linux operating system over both the Palm OS and MS Windows OS . If this was a Linux world , I do n't think there would even be a dispute , since the software availability limitations would no longer be an issue . I like the stability of Linux vs. the limitations of any of the Palm based products , and would n't even put them in the same catagory for comparison , unless you are only wanting a basic PDA function-wise . That leaves the MS based products as the only viable competitors , none of which , in my opinion , offer the same extensive packaging as the Zaurus . The Zaurus is convenient , and out of any of the actual hand-held computer-types , is the only one thus far that incorporates a built-in keyboard and dual expansion slots which support both SD and CF memory cards . This in and of itself almost makes it worth it , as it is much easier to enter data as opposed to the hand-writing program . The multi-media functionality is a plus as well , and the unit has a pretty complete suite of software which comes with it , as well as additional software which is available . I also like the Hancom spreadsheet , WP and presenter , all of which are compatable with other common suite programs when sync-ing with your PC . The OS and additional software is by far more open than MS , and in many cases I have used the WP to compile info for homework assignments . I am sure that more Windows OS products will begin to incorporate many of the same features , but if you can tolerate some of the limitations of software availability for the Linux platform overall , this would be a great choice . There is also a fringe benefit in the consideration of the Zaurus as being the only Linux based product so far -LRB- at least to my knowledge -RRB- . For some reason it has caused the purchase price of the product due to demand to drop substantially in contrast to what the product is capable of and in comparison to similar MS based products . Some retailers are starting to sell them for 335.00 new .
 I 've been using PDAs since the first Palm came out way back when . Since then I 've used an HP Palmtop , Palm VII and most recently a Compaq iPAQ . They all have their pros and cons . Now I 'm using a Zaurus , and so far this is the best I 've used . It 's like a true handheld computer ... very powerful and feature rich . One definite advantage is the tons of free software out there for the Zaurus . Everything from games to personal finance management . This may be my last handheld . I love it !
 This is an excellent device . Overall performance is great . I just wanted this for the small key board . You can enter data pretty fast using your thumbs if you practise little bit . I was a Psion Revo user , the PIM applications are not as good as Psion 's . Sharp needs to do more on those . Any how , I can find lot of them on the Internet . You can use this little thing as your web server if you want ! Is n't it cool ?
 Do n't lock yourself into PalmOS or Windows platform . Zaurus offers you the free Embedded Linux OS for the maximum stability and performance . This PDA is a programmers dream , and at the same time loaded with all the software you need . And the software base for it increases daily ...
 I just got my SL5500 today and am pretty impressed . The screen is excellent . Having a built-in keyboard is a godsend for someone like me . As much as I tried , I never mastered Grafitti . The sync program is n't perfect but it does work with outlook . Now I 'm just sorting out how to get my dlink wireless card working so I can ssh from my couch . Linux on a handheld is cool .
 Its important for people not familiar to the open source way of life to understand right away that this device will destroy PalmOS outright . CE will stay because of the backing but is going to be playing catch up by the second generation of this device . As an example , one small feature of the Z is the TCP USB sync . That feature is symbolic of most of the Z 's features . If you know what to do with it , it makes the Z something that no other PDA can be . If you only use it to sync to a desktop it will do that too.My point , with some effort on the users ' part -LRB- or previous computer knowledge -RRB- you can do things with the Z that simply can not be done with CE or Palm . For the people that just want to use this like the other PDA 's it is priced inline with the competition . The true value of this lay ahead . The software dev community will put distance between the competing OS 's all the while you can sit back and try it all instead of waiting to see if someone will port insert_cool_app_here to the dying OS 's . -LRB- Oh and charge me for it if they do -RRB- Your interest in software increases the rating of this exponentially . If you do n't need a PDA right now ... . wait for round two of this fight . The difference will be stark . BTW Nokia is moving its cell phones to the linux/java platform . I know palm was not even an option , CE is shriveling on the vine in that market and I can already make voice-over-IP calls with the Z. Lastly , this was authored and submitted with the Zaurus .
 This device is about on par PDA-wise with my former Palm IIIxe but it is very powerful as a general-purpose computer as well . I use it -LRB- in addition as a PDA -RRB- to write small programs -LRB- Java , Perl , C++ pending -RRB- , read and write documents -LRB- I have taken meeting minutes with it multiple times -RRB- , and play games.I right now consider it an extension of the brain in taking care of mundane tasks -LRB- scheduling , tasks , contacts -RRB- and as a portable computer without the bulk and battery issues.We are inseparable :-RRB- .
 My Zaurus SL-5500 is not a PDA !! It is a handheld computer.Mine has been used by a geek husband -LRB- me -RRB- for tinkering and also by a non-geek wife for office work.Description : - Connects to wireless networks and browse the Web -LRB- when connected to a CF wireless card , which I am including -RRB- - Included applications
 This device is about on par PDA-wise with my former Palm IIIxe but it is very powerful as a general-purpose computer as well . I use it -LRB- in addition as a PDA -RRB- to write small programs -LRB- Java , Perl , C++ pending -RRB- , read and write documents -LRB- I have taken meeting minutes with it multiple times -RRB- , and play games.I right now consider it an extension of the brain in taking care of mundane tasks -LRB- scheduling , tasks , contacts -RRB- and as a portable computer without the bulk and battery issues.We are inseparable :-RRB- .
 Sharp Zaurus SL-5500 ***** The sharp zaurus really is the best kept secret among PDAs . I 've had my Zaurus for almost 9 months , and have had no problems with it . It 's simply the best ... And here 's why : Operating System
 I love my Zaurus . Partly because I prefer Linux over Windows , but also because of its excellent features . Wireless -LRB- 802.11 b -RRB- networking was -LRB- is -RRB- no problem . With that I get High-speed mobile internet access throughout the house and near the house . Set up the SSH server and log in and any difficulties entering info or transferrring data are gone . Setup the Samba server and share files across the network with relative ease . SD and CF slots are a SWEET extra ! Nice color display also . New apps are coming out daily and the Linux OS make it easy on developers . We still need a port for AvantGo however . Lastly , tcp/ip over USB makes non-wireless networking easy .
 I had been waiting for the Zaurus for months - the idea of having a full computer in the form factor of a PDA was just too tempting ... I got one as soon as they were available , and I was immediately taken by it . The unit is sleek , light , fast -LRB- for a PDA -RRB- and does all you would expect from a PDA - and much more.The most obvious innovation is the little keyboard available by sliding the bottom cover of the unit . Especially for the novice that has little experience with handwriting recognition that by itself is an enormous boon.Everything else about the unit is really excellent
 This is a really neat PDA . Although it is my first , I have played with others -LRB- Palm , Windows -RRB- . Not much difference in applications , but the little keyboard makes this PDA quite awesome ; no fooling around with mistakes when using the pen.The Zaurus is fast , and I have made the transition from a paper-based organizer without any hassles . The Intellisync software sync ` ed up to Windows 2000 on the first try , and I have successfully transfered files half-a-dozen times so far . I have even downloaded new applications which installed properly on the first try.This will give Palm and Windows-based PDA 's a bit of competition .
 The sharp zaurus is an amazing utility . It has just about every bell and whistle a gearhead could want to play with . It also functions well as a PDA . All of this and its linux based so you can always open a shell and get to every nook and crannie of this system .
 I have the developer version of the Zaurus , which is basically the same as this but with half the RAM . I use a LinkSys WFC11 compact flash 802.11 b card for network access , web browsing , etc. . Both Opera and Konquerer work great . You can ssh into the PDA and get a bash prompt , which is awesome . TCP/IP access to the PDA can be achieved via USB or a CF network card . Also , the tiny keyboard facilitates quick data entry for those of us who are stylus-challenged . The CF slot instantly mounts and displays images written to the card on my Nikon camera . I personally would prefer two CF slots to 1 CF and 1 SD -LRB- I do n't use SD -RRB- , but besides that this thing is perfect .
 To qualify , I 'm avowed Linux bigot , but not a techie like so many are . I use linux in day to day production business . This device is the first I 've seen to deliver a clean interface and all the mainstream functionality that is needed . What 's more , if I want to improve on it , I can . That is the promise and value of open systems . Compared to CE , which will likely bloat and need more power to grow , this one is likely to merely improve . I would like to see more applications , however
 This is an absolutely great PDA . It runs linux and there is tons of free software available for download . It runs , Java and Python , my two favorite languages so I can easily write my own software for the Zaurus .
 I 'd just like to say that this PDA is working out like a champ . I have had a very pleasant experience with it . It synchronizes flawlessly with Outlook 2000 . It plays music . I bought a Netgear MA701 CF wireless card for it , configured TCP/IP networking using the easy to use internet connection wizard , plugged it in , and within 3 minutes I was browsing the web at my local coffee shop.I tried a Toshiba e335 , and returned it after a week . This PDA is great .
 One shall not underestimate the advantage of the integrated keybord , it is very practicle and quite easy to use . In any case it is more convenient than any other character entry method -LRB- virtual keybord or character recognition . -RRB- Features - Quality / price , it is by far the best PDA on the market . If you compare it to the latest sony clie that comes with a keybord also , then you realise there is a clear capacity - performance advantage for the zaurus.Beside I could take advantage of the many applications available as open source software from the linux community.I am definitly very enthusastic about my new zaurus !!!!
 I have used headsets for more than a decade and this unit is far and away the most comfortable , best sounding unit I 've used . Easy to set up . Simple to use . Good range . The perfect solution in a home office that requires the ability to move around while handling calls .
 Really like these for the thermal temp as -LRB- auto rpm speed adjust -RRB- They cost a little more than stock fans , but do n't run as hard or at straight set rpm if that matters to you.Fans are nice and easy to install comes with all hardware . Wirer adapter comes with it 4-pin molex male-female end to use inline with something else plugged in , if not have a open plug available to use . Or can use the 3-pin to mobo if that is available.Using as a Graphic Card -LRB- extra -RRB- cooler so helps out good deal ; -RRB-
 On the paper iXtrema Pro Fans seem to be more silent than Antec ones.However Antec replies promptly to technical inquires , Silenx do n't replies at all.Antec seems to be more releable .
 I bought the Pro Keyboard -LRB- white -RRB- for my Apple PowerBook G4 . The PowerBook G4 is infamous for flaky paint problem -- light gray paint over the titanium case will eventually chip away if enough heat is applied over extended period -LRB- e.g. , warm sweaty palms -RRB- . Most other USB keyboards -LRB- including Windows keyboards -RRB- will work fine with PowerBook G4 -LRB- or any other USB-equipped Apples -RRB- , and I suppose functionally-equivalent black Pro Keyboard stays cleaner and matches the PowerBook better . But I prefer the clean look of the white . In addition , the White Pro Keyboard provides greater tactile feedback than the Black , although that could be attributed to `` newness '' of the White over store-used Black that I 've evaluated.The keys offer solid level of feedback , although a tad mushy for my taste . The keyboard has 108 keys , including 15 function keys , volume , mute , and eject . FYI , F14 and F15 correspond to brightness on iBook and PowerBook G4.Flipping the foot of the bottom will raise rear part of the keyboard by half-an-inch or so . And finally , the keyboard has two USB ports on its sides , perfect for pointing device or small devices such as Bluetooth adapter.I am giving the keyboard 4 stars due to lack of power key , somewhat limited tactile feedback -LRB- at least in comparison to PowerBook G4 's clicky keys -RRB- , and high price .
 this monitor is awsome , its the best one i could find and for the price you cant beat it , and beleive me ive been looking for monthes.the picture is outstanding and it has a 5 port usb hub built in to boot.I would highly recommend this over any other 19 inch flat screen monitor !!!!
 I bought this monitor several months ago , and I work in Photoshop and print high-quality photos , and this monitor represents what I print very accurately as well , it is just beautiful to look at . LG makes the best LCD 's no question about it .
 I received this monitor from my sons for Christmas . The picture quality is awesome . It 's great having a full vision screen . If you adjust it properly , the quality is lifelike and the colors are bright and vivid . I highly recommend it .
 I own and use the 3500 creative mouse which is this mouse 's ancestor . Since i could n't find that model anymore , i got this one.This one is bigger and and has a greater ergonomic factor than the 3500 -LRB- more curves to fit your hand -RRB- . I recommend this mouse for people looking for a basic ergonomic mouse . Good value for the money .
 First of all , the Creative Mouse Optical 5000 is a WIRED mouse and that 's its advantage . It uses a USB port to connect to the computer . That means I can use it at home or work , or I can take it to client locations and use on any computer . And there are no batteries to worry about.I have been using this mouse for over three years , and I am very happy with it . The main thing for me is the way it feels in my hand . It has an ergonomic grip and creates less strain when being used for hours at a time . The rubber grip on the left side is perfect . I do wish they had some rubber on the right side also , however , but it 's not a show-stopper . Other mice just are not contoured as well as this one is.One of the best features of this mouse is the positioning of the two side buttons . Since most of my work requires using the forward and back buttons on my Firefox browser or Windows Explorer -LRB- hard drive file manager -RRB- , it 's important that these be in an easy-to-use location . And they are . Most other mice have either only one button for `` back '' , or they are poorly positioned.The optics work great and I 've had no problem with positioning of the cursor . Very responsive and accurate . The only complaint I have is that the mouse wheel seems to wear out a bit too soon . I have to replace the mouse about once every 12 to 18 months because of this . I use my computer every day for about 5 to 12 hours , so that 's really not a bad lifetime.I hope Creative Labs continues to manufacture this mouse because it is definitely my favorite . An easy 5 stars .
 I 've had this TV for about a month and I 'm quite impressed with the image quality running from a HD source . The problem is that if you do n't have a HD source like cable -LRB- Direct TV -RRB- or a DVD with HDMI or SVideo connected to it ... . then you 'll get the normal video source which can be a let down if your video signal is not OK . The main issue here is that there 's people that still think that because this TV is HDTV capable , that then it 'll improve the image source one already has and this is definitelly not the case . And here 's where buyers should be carefull since the electronic shops which carry HDTV units have them hooked up to HD TV signals and that 's when people get convinced that they need one of these . Now if you 're going to hook it up to a Home Theater then this is a very good choice for the value and the features given.If you happen to own an Xbox 360 -LRB- which I hopefully will one day , now I 've got the first Xbox -RRB- , then the image should be impressive . I 've already hooked this unit to my Xbox and a Toshiba RD-XS52 DVD Player/Recorder and with something like this you definitely take advantage of the features the n3260w has . The RD-XS52 comes with HDMI cable and setting of up to 1080p resolution and with it , you really start to notice the difference between a good video signal and a poor one.The n3260w 's colors are very crisp though you need to do some tweaking like other reviewers have explained and the menu for the TV is not the best one out there , I 'm still having trouble with the PiP.These cons put aside ... . this unit is definitely worth the money and should be wall mounted since it really looks nice that way . The wall mount kit is a very solid one and I would say it guarantees your TV wo n't fall of the wall if it is mouted correctly due to the materials from which it has been made.I would 've given the TV a 5 star review but I 'm still working on the PiP configuration and have struggled with the menu but other than that I definitely recommend this purchase .
 This TV has several nice improvements over last year 's model -LRB- I have one of each -RRB- . The menu 's are nicer and easier to navigate . The controls for volume and channel are now on the lower right which makes them easy to reach for a wall mount.The mounting bracket is now centered like most flat panels . There are 2 component video inputs now that can be used for HD or SD signals . The picture and sound quality are quite good also.The only complaint I have is that the native resolution is not 1280x720 . The upconverting to 1366x768 cause some quality loss which is impossible to avoid on flat panels . You can run the video at 1:1 sampling but then you get the black border and a 30 '' tv for the price of a 32 '' . The loss of quality is rarely noticable and is never obvious . I forgot about this issue very quickly . I 've had this TV in my garage for a month and so far the humidity has not been a problem .
 REMOTE TRICK : Own the monitor for over 3 and half years now , love it , no problem at all . Initially lot of problems with remote just like everyone else is experiencing . I called customer service many times and nobody seemed to know what 's going on . They just sent me a replacement remote . -LRB- which had same issue -RRB- But after years of use , I got it figured out ... so I thought I should share it for those who still does n't have a clue what 's wrong with their remote.If the remote is not working for you . What you need to do is PRESS THE `` TV '' BOTTON on the top left corner . And then everything else should be working again.What happened is that the remote come with your Viewsonic is actually a universal remote . So if you accidentally pressed DVD or something else on the top . You are switch the remote to a different mode . You must switch it back to TV mode to control the TV and voice and everything else.Hope this helps .
 I have 2 of these . I lost one during a move and just had to have it back . I swore my husband threw it out but about 6 months later i found it so am selling one at my yard sale on Sat . This is great for anyone who still has a bunch of old movies on vcr , which i do ... so when i go on trips back home and i am the passenger i watch my old movies . The picture quality and sound is great . Just like a portable dvd player except its vcr tapes . When we had a tornado recently and were without power for 5 days , we set this on top of my car and had a matinee . -LRB- hope i spelt that right -RRB- So for anyone who still have a bunch of old movies from the 80 's , do n't throw them away ... movies on vcr are still good movies . The only bad thing about this is you can only use it in a vehicle but I will always own one
 This little player has a decent sound for being so inexpensive . The sound is only a little bit tinny and was much better than I expected.Folding up the speakers is a little bit annoying , but not difficult . The little front piece that holds the iPod comes off so that you can close up the speakers . Then there is a short wire that wraps around the unit and snaps on . Then you slide the holder back onto the closed speakers.They work pretty well sitting on the passenger seat in my car . -LRB- My car 's sound system is old and unreliable . -RRB- At top volume , they are just about loud enough to enjoy . My old , stick-of-gum-sized iPod Shuffle sits loosely in the iPod holder or falls out when in the car .
 Got these speakers for my daughter . She loves them - both the features and the appearance . She falls asleep to them at night listening to her iPod shuffle and then takes them with her to & from school during the day in the car . -LRB- She prefers the speakers over headsets in the car - go figure -RRB- . I was surprised at the sound quality . With small speakers you expect good high end and maybe midrange with some loss at the low end base , but the quality across the board is much better than i expected . Volume is great too . It is plenty loud for a single room and/or car even with the road noise , and my daughter does n't even have to crank the volume up all the way . -LRB- Of course our family believes in hearing the music , not feeling it thumping in your chest and being left with ringing in your ears when you 're done - unlike most people today - so if that is your criteria then you can just ignore all of this . -RRB- She had no trouble folding them and indeed loves that feature . She tosses them in her bag and away she goes . At night we power the speakers off the included USB cable and out to a separate USB to AC converter I bought . During the day the speakers run off their AAA batteries . Audio input is a standard 3.5 mm plug so pretty much any audio device will work with these speakers . -LRB- Every few days she unplugs the speakers and recharges her iPod off the USB/AC converter during the day , since the iPod shuffle ca n't play and recharge simultaneously due to its design . -RRB- OK , sure , they 're not top of the line high end Bose speakers pumping out megawatts during a monster party . But to compare them to that would not be fair . For what they claim to be , they get the job done , and well , so 5 stars from me .
 I think I bought this product for less than 5 dollars . I bought it to go on my desk at work and because it looked cute . It worked perfectly for a long while . I made the unfortunate decision to bring it camping with me and my neices blew the speakers out . That being said I would not play it continuously on full blast , but I am sure that is true of most speaker systems . You definitely get your moneys worth and it is perfect for young girls as my neices loved it and I ended up buying some for them . Decent product for the money .
 These speakers have surprisingly good sound for being so small and inexpensive . Well worth the couple dollars it cost .
 This is great for the money . I use it at work where we have to keep our music down to a minimum . This set of speakers works great for that .
 These are great little speakers , perfect for taking music to the beach or hanging out on the deck . I use it with my ipod shuffle that I use for working out . It 's nice to be able to listen to my music without having those irritating earbuds in all the time !
 They speakers are PINK ! A big hit with the tween grand daughter for Christmas !
 We have been searching for a docking station that plays iPod Shuffles , and this one is just perfect ! My daughters -LRB- 4 and 7 -RRB- can hook up their shuffles and listen to it in their rooms . They also love the pink color and flowers .
 I was pleased with this company 's service in reference to this item 's immediate availability and fast shipping.I dealt with them long ago with camera products , and see their business still treats a customer well after all these years .
 This shallow sub gave me the best of both worlds
 Kole Mfw-12 Mfw-Series Subwoofer -LRB- 12-Inch -RRB- I have owned every shallow mount out there even the rockard fosgate cant out beat these . But make sure u have a big amp because they are always thirsty for some power .
 First off , I have owned a few good reputable subs -- Fi , DC , Sundown from 1000-2000wrms single sub setups -- so you can bet I was very skeptical . I simply wanted something to hold me over since I sold my last two subs -LRB- DC and Fi -RRB- , and while I wait for the arrival of some Sundown 8 's . There 's little comparison to my other subs , but simply `` bang for buck '' and its shallow mount nature , I must say I 'm super impressed with this sub . It 's not crazy loud , but it does shake my 4runner some -- even with all the cabin air space.The thing that surprised me the most was being a shallow mount , how it rings out the lows . It does with such little power , in such little box space , and sealed at that . I 've also played it for like 5-6 hours straight one night while camping and it handled like a dream and left tons of cargo space that I was able to pack for our family of 4 and even loaded additional camping gear for 2 friends . None of my other boxes would allow that . The enclosure I built is .75 ^ 3 sealed , 5 '' depth . I have it running off a Massive Audio N3 Nano Block amp -LRB- rated 450wrms @ 4ohms and 1400wrms @ 1ohm -RRB- . The amp is for the Sundown 8 's that will eventually be here , but figured it would do well with this sub . Sure does ! The 500wrms rating is pretty legit . I do n't know that it would take much more for long , but I did put at least 1000w to it from another amp just to see if it got louder and since I did n't notice a whole lot of volume change I just stuck the Nano Block back in there.I do n't give it 5 stars because it 's a mega sub , but I give it 5 stars because I got it at such a great deal $ 64 shipped -LRB- open box -RRB- and that it can play clean/low and decently loud and saves mega space.Unfortunately , I 'm holding true to this simply being a filler sub to hold me over . I just recently picked up a 12 '' PSI Platform 3 subwoofer rated at 2500wrms and a Crescendo BC3500 amp so it 'll be coming out and up for sale on my local CL ... maybe . : -RRB-
 I 'll admit it , at first I was a bit skeptical about buying one of these . But after reading the reviews , went ahead with the purchase . I am so glad that I did ! This thing pounds like a pair of 12 's . I have mine in a 2cf box with a 3 '' port that is 7.75 '' long . The excursion -LRB- Xmax -RRB- on these things is unbelievable . It looks to be at least 2 '' . I 'm getting three more so I can put four in a box so as to wire them down to 1 ohm with a 2000 watt amp and truly see what they can do . I will post back and let you know how it goes . My kids say they can here me comin from five blocks away . That 's with just one of these!P.S . this is my wife 's account . I go by `` Big O '' .
 I bought a pair of these off of Ebay -LRB- through Sonic Electronix , great place for Car audio BTW -RRB- and these things kick ass ! I have a Pioneer GM-7200 -LRB- 800W MAX -RRB- powering both subs , they are sitting in two individual sealed boxes -LRB- put together kinda sloppily , waiting for a better pair to be built . and the subs are wired parallel -RRB- the airspace per box is .05 Ft cubed under the recommended volume -LRB- that 's almost negligible -RRB- . and these are behind the seat of a 1979 Ford F-150 Custom.Now That you have the specs , these thing bang . especially for getting well under the RMS called for -LRB- recommended 500w but i 'm giving them around 150w a sub i think . i do n't know the specs for the amp i have , it was a present bought used -RRB- . They give one hell of a back massage . I was going to put in a 2200w Class D mono block -LRB- 950w @ 2 Ohms -RRB- but im kinda reconsidering just keeping the spare Pioneer in there.They are great , the only two gripes i have are 1 . -RRB- about the ring around the speaker . It goes over the screw holes , making it real easy to have a slip of the drill and damage the speaker surround , but i ca n't really complain because even that makes it look like a cleaner install . amd 2 . -RRB- the actual foam surround . it 's a little too tall for the grilles i bought to fit right , but that 's not really a problem , I 'll just buy new grills.These are bad ass for the money . I have them in a sub-par box , with sub-par RMS driving them , and they still blew me away . If your looking for loud , these things will kick ass . if you have any questions , lem me know . Theledge93@gmail.com
 The interface to PowerPoint is seamless and excellent . I especially like the `` 6 o'clock '' button that blanks the screen -LRB- the `` b '' key on the keyboard -- did you know that feature of PowerPoint ?? -RRB- . There are billions of ways you can configure it , but it works great out of the box . The buttons it has are quite useful!The laser is rather weak . If you have a white background , the audience can not see it . The laser is well collimated , so it makes no difference if you are 1 foot from the screen or 30 . The flash memory key is a good idea on paper , but our group has only been hampered by it
 Easy to use , responsive . Perfect for presentations . It probably does far more than I know about yet .
 I purchased this item about a year and a half ago after watching a presentation where the trainer had an older version of this model . I love this presenter - I am a computer software trainer , and am not just going through PowerPoint presentations , but am actually navigating using this device . Getting used to the thumb-button to navigate the mouse takes a little getting used to , but typically performs better than other remote mouse-s I 've used in the past . The greatest feature of this is the additional software that comes with it - you can configure any of the buttons to do a number of different tasks and save those configurations . The two I use most often are the countdown timer -LRB- 15 minute break , do n't be late ! -RRB- and the zoom feature . Resolution for monitors and projectors being what it is , participants have a hard time seeing tiny icons or code typed on the screen when actually using a program - the zoom feature is AWESOME and works better than zoom features that typically come with projectors .
 I bought this device to be used as a simple Powerpoint remote presenter but I very quickly found out it can do a lot more . The flexibility of configurations made it easy for me to have more than one presentation stored in the receiver for different congregations and church services .
 Could n't be happier.Size is perfect for what I do and love the laser pointer.Works great and batteries last forever .
 We have used this product with other remotes and like all the features . It is very easy to use and packs well in the travel bag . Great product .
 This presenter is preferred in my company because it is absolutely dead simple . Forward , back , blank , etc. . It also requires no software install so it can be easily moved and plugged in to any computer without IT assistance . We do not use the laser functionality at all , so there are no complaints mirroring those here .
 This product is great for PowerPoint presentations . I will never leave home without it and I bring it to all my presentations . The only thing I do n't like is the limited amount of space it holds on the thumb drive .
 The pointer has great functions.The memory stick has only 32Mb -LRB- that is too smal , sufficient only for a few presentations -RRB- . The pointer is bigger that I imagined , but anyway it works properly and with a good handling .
 AWESOME PRODUCT , WE HAVE 3 OF THEM NOW FOR OUR CONFERENCE ROOMS AND LAPTOPS FOR OUR HOSPITAL PRESENTATIONS/CONFERENCES !
 Seems fine . No way that I know of to test the advertised surge arrestor capacity.The antenna connections introduced some signal loss so I did not use that part .
 I use this surge protector for my Media Center PC and big screen TV . It works as designed and I have no complaints . Since I use it for my media center with a TV tuner , I really like that it has coax protection too .
 After placing the order and waiting a couple days , I prompted NE Battery for a ship date/tracking number , Rick on NE Battery replied within the hour stating they were unable to ship due to the nasty weather , and that he would be in contact with me once it shipped . Rick sent me a note a few days later with the tracking number ; he had shipped it UPS express rather than standard ground to compensate for not being able to ship it out earlier . Note , the inability to ship was not under Rick 's -LRB- or NE Battery 's -RRB- control - it was weather related.Once the package was on it 's way , there was an error on the address , I emailed Rick and he contacted UPS immediately to provide the correction.All in all due to circumstances beyond their control , NE Battery went above and beyond the call to deliver the goods.Oh , and the battery was the correct one ...
 I 've had this card for a couple of months now and am really impressed by its performance . You 've probably heard it all around that 9500 cards are in some ways considered better than 9600s . I know for a fact -LRB- hands on -RRB- that this is true . I have a 9600 and this 9500 on two identical PCs at home and I do have a small boost in benchmarks on the 9500 . Apart from having a great GPU , the Tachyon 9500 is great for enthusiasts . It allows hassle-free overclocking and I might say that the TGM software it includes is incredibly easy to use . I 've been able to overclock at a stable 320MHz core / 600 MHz memory speeds without a sweat.Finally , you get all the video options you 'd expect from ATI chipsets , such as great DVD playback and such.I highly recommend this video card to anyone looking for a GPU in this price range . It rocks !
 First of all , the enclosure is such a tight fit that I 'll never be able to get the drive out of it . That 's a bit annoying . Plus , though at first the enclosure seemed to work pretty well , it became harder and harder for me to keep the power on . The power connector for this device was badly designed . However , I was able to make do by jamming something between the power connector and the usb connector . Lastly , the firewire DOES NOT WORK . This really ticked me off , because I was going to use the device to share large files between my pcs and my imac . I have an older imac that only has usb 1.1 , but it does have firewire 400 . Since I am unable to connect it via firewire , I have no reason to connect it to my imac at 1/40th the speed -LRB- 12 mbps vs 400 mbps -RRB- . So , in closing , this is not a bad device , but I almost wish I had gone to staples and bought a prepackaged external drive .
 The 7 ' C2G Cat5E Patch Cable from Cables to Go works just like it 's supposed to and at a nice price also . I would buy them again .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Shipped fasted and fixed up my home network very easily . Nothing special ... Just right .
 Great response time across network and the cable connections were secure and packaged well . Great buy got a great cable .
 I needed a cable that would reach my Blu-Ray player so I could allow it to hook to the internet . This was cheaper and easier than setting up a wireless link . I can now enjoy ALL the benefits my Sony Blu-Ray has to offer !
 I originally ordered the cable directly from Cables to Go , but it was more expensive and they did n't have what I wanted . To my surprise , they had it through amazon for less money . Not sure why it was easier to buy through Amazon but it was .
 I needed a long , cheap cable to connect TiVo to my home network , and this did the trick ! Now I can transfer recorded programs to my computers to view later .
 Adquiri el Viewsonic de 17 pulgadas hace 6 meses y debo decir que es un muy buen monitor , recomendable para cualquier tipo de uso , dise & ntilde ; o , aplicaciones de video , etc. . Los colores son exactos y brillantes , sin distorsiones propias de una buena pantalla totalmente plana . Muy Recomendable
 -LSB- ... -RSB- I 've already burned a dual layer 8.5 G disk in no time and it played flawless . The 16X burn speed is a whole new dimension in burning ... coming from a 4X . I 'm using Verbatim media and each burn has been successful.This thing accepts all types of media and you will burn disks into the night.It comes with the full version of Roxio 7.5 which recognizes the DL disks and I love that little program compared to what I had been using.I could not be happier with my purchase after just one day and I know I will have many , many successful burns .
 I received the item very quickly and it has worked great . I appreciate this seller !
 About four years ago I bought this model after a lady friend of mine got one and we made a trip with it . I subsequently also bought a Garmin because of favorable reviews but was disappointed because the Garmin was impossible to see in direct sunlight . Before I left for a 200 mile trip to medical facilities in San Antonio I mounted both the Cobra and Garmin on the dash , side by side , to see how they compared . As I said , the Garmin was often impossible to see in direct sunlight but the Cobra was always readable.The Garmin occasionally showed a road where there was only a dirt driveway . I retired the Garmin and stuck with the Cobra.My biggest gripe was/is the start button on the right facia that is easy to accidentally push when handling the device , totally messing up programming and preference settings . I unintentionally pressed this button frequently and cursed its location every time.Pros :1 -RRB- Screen is always readable in direct sunlight2 -RRB- gives very few false readings3 -RRB- removes all clutter just as approaching turning point , background goes black4 -RRB- gives lane change voice advisories well prior to next turn info5 -RRB- always shows next turn and distance to turn in miles and quarter miles6 -RRB- priceCons :1 -RRB- Terrible location of ON - OFF button -LRB- corrected in later models -RRB- 2 -RRB- occasionally shows roads where there are none .3 -RRB- has recently started giving false left/right turn advisories at highway T intersections4 -RRB- no longer practical to get software updates because of hassle and prohibitive cost.Conclusion : It 's been a great little unit and served well , but it 's time for retirement . I will buy another , later model , Cobra .
 Cobra is pushing the `` My Favorite Brands '' functionality in this device whereby you can specify your favorite retailers and the device will attach special icons to those locations on the map as you drive . Over 600 brands are available to choose from . There is an optional traffic receiver for the Cobra NAV ONE 2100 , but not included with the device . The receiver costs $ 99 and the traffic subscription costs $ 60/year . When driving in traffic the device can calculate two alternate routes around traffic and let you choose which one you prefer . Cobra is also touting the wide range of temperatures the NAVONE 2100 is allowed to operate in . You can use the 2100 in temperatures from -4 to 158 Fahrenheit . Overall this is a fairly good unit but I have got occasional error messages while using it . Once it is shut down and turned back on then it is fine . It will also occasionally give incorrect directions but only not often enough to be a major issue .
 It seems to do the job that I wanted it for ; although I have not had the cance to put the 2100 through a good road trip . It 's a little smaller than I had envisioned , but maybe I 'm not a good visionary .
 Went to the store with every intention of purchasing TomTom One or the comparably priced Garmin GPS I had researched online for the past week . Really confusing considering all of GPS reviews I 'd read gave no definitive explanations on why one rated over the other . Since it all seemed to come down to personal preference , I figured the only way to make a final decision was to demo each model at the store.The TomTom One would not work ! Each time I started to enter an address , the unit would revert back to demo ads . The Garmin model I was interested in was not on display . The sales clerk was kind enough to turn on the TomTom go to demo , but it annoyingly shifted between a loud demo and attempting to pick up a signal . If not for this , I would have overlooked the Cobra 2100 entirely.What first caught my attention was price . Having failed to demo the units I wanted , the Cobra 2100 was the only GPS on display within my price range . In fact , it was the same price as TomTom One , but appeared to be larger . Side by side comparison made TomTom One look like a toy ! I clicked through the various demo options and watched a simulation of a drive from the store to my home . Fine , yet I still had my heart set on the TomTom and was about to find another store to demo the model , but I changed my mind.Though never owning any Cobra products , I 'm aware that Cobra was a big name in radar detection at one time . In addition to GPS navigation , the Cobra 2100 comes with traffic light camera detection and speed alerts already installed . There are more traffic light cameras being installed throughout Baltimore City everyday . This feature and the Cobra name convinced me to give the 2100 a try.Had the 2100 installed and operating in no top flat . As mentioned elsewhere online , it took more time to get it out of the box than it took to connect it . Once turned on it quickly detected a signal and showed me my present location . After quickly scanning through the menu , I typed in my home address , clicked ` NAVIGATE ' and was routed to my destination.The Cobra 2100 offers a clear visual presentation of the route you 're traveling while giving clear and precise verbal directions of how to proceed . Advisories are given continually and well in advance of any turns or deviations from your present course . There is no text-to-speech , though IMHO , none is needed as a quick glance identifies all streets along your route.Options are given to choose specific routes , but I ignored this on my initial run . The Cobra 2100 -LRB- like MapQuest , sometimes -RRB- attempted to route me away from what I knew to be a quicker route . Upon ignoring the route suggested , the Cobra 2100 quickly recalculated , suggesting a route based on my adjustment . I followed the same route later , this time taking the route suggested by the Cobra 2100 . Cobra added an additional 10 minutes to my journey by unnecessarily routing me on and off the interstate . The `` detour '' consisted of a series of rapid lane changes and turns . As it was night and the maneuvers demanded I pay strict attention to driving , I did n't chance glancing at the screen . To it 's credit , the Cobra 2100 provided precise verbal navigation so there was no need to watch anything but the road . I find I 'm not particularly concerned about Cobra 's routing suggestion . Had I been unfamiliar with the area , the additional 10 minutes would not be factor at all since the Cobra 2100 WILL , it demonstrates , get me to your destination safely.Oh ... before I forget ... I passed through one of those camera intersections while testing the Cobra . It signals the driver by producing a series of camera clicking sounds and displays an on-screen traffic icon as an advisory.WAY COOL !
 I received this unit as a gift about two weeks ago . I had previously borrowed my nephew 's Garmin NUVI and enjoyed that unit . However , the price of it had put me off until I did more research . Then I received this great gift . I have owned a Cobra radar unit for almost ten years now and it still works great , so I was pleased to receive this Cobra unit.This GPS unit DID NOT work right out of the box . I was using an adapter in my cigarette lighter which allows me to operate two devices at once . I 'm still not sure why , but the unit would not function when plugged in using this adapter . After I unplugged the adapter and made the GPS unit the only device it worked great . I instantly saw my location . I used the touch screen to plug in a local address , and the unit instantly advised me which route to take . The computerized voice is clear and easy to understand.Once I unplugged the unit , and plugged it in again using the multi-adapter , it worked fine , so I can now use the radar and GPS at the same time . I used the unit to take a trip of 200 miles the other day and the directions were great . It also gave me local gas stations , and a Staples store to buy some office supplies.The unit comes with an AC adapter as well , so you can add addresses in your home . The unit is not as sophisticated as the Nuvi . It lacks the detail on some maps , the screen is not quite as bright and clear , and it does n't play music or let you use the internet . But is is accurate , affordable and easy to use . Highly recommended !
 The GPS with speed camera detection & red light camera location detection helps provide the stimulation like free cup of coffee that you ca n't buy with other high end one 's - shame on them . I bought this not because it was cost effective from reputable web site but because of its unique features -LRB- free updates + camera location detection that you ca n't buy with expensive units . -LRB- I did buy the extended warranty just in case -RRB- . Also , for the info - I also own valentine one . Those 2 keep me good company on the long trips , highways -LRB- +285,275 ... -RRB- or new roads . I have NEVER recieved traffic tickets and usually I do not drive crazy.Now , I can enjoy the roads & beutiful world even more - worry free
 i had gotten this as gift for my husband . he absolutely loves it and uses for long trips and occasionally for our short trips around the local area.his biggest kick is when he is taking a shorter and faster route to the main road and the cobra voice tells him to go another way .
 Simply amazing ! This palm-sized video capture device has on one side 3 composite video cables -LRB- yellow , white , and red -RRB- and an S-Video connection , and then on the other side a USB 2.0 connection and a sound cable that connects to your sound card . You can use it to capture VHS and even videogames in action into your computer , turning them into digital files that can be burned to CDs/DVDs very easily . The only catch is that you 'll need a reasonably powerful computer in order to use it.My computer is using Windows 2000 & XP Home , a 2GHz Athlon XP 2600 + , 512MB memory , and an AGP 8x GeForce FX 5200 videocard . On an even more technical note
 I have a P4 2.4 G system with 512meg memory with USB2 .0 ports . This DVD EZMaker USB2 .0 converted my old hi-8 tapes -LRB- graduation , wedding , cruises , birthday parties , ... -RRB- into good quality DVD 's at a breeze with S-video connection . It transferrs the S-video inputs from my old Sony Hi-8 camcorder , Panasonc VCR , and Pioneer DVD player to VCD -LRB- for old VHS tapes -RRB- and DVD -LRB- for hi-8 tapes and DVD disc backups -RRB- very smoothly.The resulted video quality is really a pleasure to watch . I am very happy with it .
 I purchased this device to convert VHS videos to DVD . I had a little difficulty installing the driver , but once it installed the capture quality was excellent . Some of the tapes that I captured were close to 20 years old and recorded at SLP speed -- the quality of the captured videos was very good . I had some difficulty getting the neoDVD software to run . I emailed Avermedia support , and had a link to an upgrade in 24 hours . It solved the software problem completely . Be sure to read the system requirements . The software requires a fast processor . I had a Dazzle 80 before this . This is a 1000 times better and at a very good price .
 I wanted to turn a VCR video feed into an . mpg file for the purpose of burning a DVD . This inexpensive device did the capture with ease . I was concerned that there might be mysterious problems or incompatibilities , as some have reported , but for me it `` just worked '' . I installed the software and hardware and ran the software and then clicked to start and stop the capture , and the result is an . mpg file . This is on a Dell Dimension 4500 running at 2.26 GHz with the latest WinXP.This device does n't pack a lot of -LRB- or any ? -RRB- processing power , so it relies upon your PC 's CPU to do the crunching to digitize the video stream . That 's why a 2 GHz or better processor is required , and presumably why this unit can be sold more cheaply than others that claim similar functionality . As far as I 'm concerned , this architecture is a good thing
 I have used this device for about 3 months now . I have had few problems - none of which did not have a workaround.My setup is a hp Pavilion a650e , WinXP Home OS , 512MB RAM , Athlon 2.4 GHz processor , USB 2.0 . The setup was fairly easy . Only note was that you either needed a set of composite video cables -LRB- left & right audio + video - this is the one that usually have a red , white and yellow connectors at both ends -RRB- or you could use a S-video cable . Neither was provided , but given the price it was not a major concern . But the point is that one needs more h/w to use the product.No problems installing the s/w and getting it to work with my computer set up . I just followed the instructions.For video capture , I use the provided s/w from MedioStream - neoDVD . It gives the user the ability to save into MPEG-1 or MPEG-2 , or VCD . Initially I would have liked AVI , but the resulting video was not an issue . It has a feature that I both like and do n't like - you can set a timer for how long you want the s/w to record your video tape . This is great for digitizing long tapes , but the problem is that the time sticks from the last recording . Say that you record something for 3 minutes , then want to record something else for 30 minutes . If you do n't reset the timer to 30 minutes , it will shut off recording at 3 minutes . There is also a manual shut down , so you can record for less than the set time . But more than once , the time stick feature forced me to redo the recording.I have experienced none of the issues involving non-synched sound to video that others have reported . Also the sound and video quality seem to be fine . It seems to be much more based on the quality of your tapes and/or VCR . If those are poor , your digitized recording will be poor . `` Garbage in , garbage out '' . Remember that digital will pick up every defect that the analog original has.I did find the help file for the neoDVD s/w to be lacking with not enough detail . Much of it is `` try and see '' . But after playing around with it for a while , I got the hang of it . I am probably better than average at being computer savvy , but this is not rocket science . Most of the default values are fine.I did not use any other module of the s/w other than video capture . I use other s/w programs to edit and burn DVDs , so I can not comment on the rest . I use ArcSoft Showbiz or Windows Movie Maker.I think the key point is that for the price , this little thing works great . I am not a high end video guy , I just want to view things that were once on tape either on my computer in MPEG-1 , or make DVDs using MPEG-2 and view them on my computer or TV . I have not noticed any significant quality issues or usability issues other than what I have mentioned . So I give this 4 out of 5 stars . I would have liked a bit better help files to get started .
 If you are looking for a device to capture your VHS collection , then this is it . I bought it from Amazon in January 2004 . My two complaints are minor :1 . I emailed these people , and I have not received a response .2 . The software is now at 5.0 . But when I received the CD along with the hardware , the software version is at 4.5 -LRB- which is why I e-mailed them -RRB- . If you go to their website , they want you to pay an extra $ 30.00 for the latest version of the software.I payed $ 200.00 on another device from another company -LRB- that starts with a letter P -RRB- . Worthless piece of junk ! Processor built in to that one , but of course , they are n't going to place a Pentium 4 processor for the -LRB- P -RRB- device.None-the-less , the External Video Capture Deviceby AVERMEDIA does work great ! It uses your computer 's processor to handle the videotapes . -LRB- My computer has a Pentium 4 2.4 gigahertz processor . -RRB- Do n't hesitate buying this one , and the price is right too !!!
 Pros
 I bought this hoping that I would n't be one of the unlucky people who 's Avermedia DVD EZMaker USB 2.0 did n't work as expected or was simply plagued with odd problems that effected the output . Once hooked up , I had a synching problem , and the Software that came with it did n't pick up the sound . But after a bit of tinkering I found that only my InterVideo WinDVD Creator had the synching problems and the neoDVD that came with the unit would pick up sound after you check the appropriate sound input being used even if it 's checked to start with , simple solution.The video and audio quality really depend on the tape quality . A tape that was recorded in SLP will produce a grainy video with audio sounding as if it were recorded from within an aluminum garbage can . In SP the video is acceptable enough , and the audio is virtually unblemished . Obviously the recording quality chosen in neoDVD plays a role as well , `` Better '' is a good setting for most things , a 15 minute recording will be about 200-300 megs . In `` Best '' a 15 minute recording will be around 600-700 megs.All in all , it works just the way I wanted it to . It 's extremely easy to setup and the user only really needs the knowledge of running a VCR to work with this unit .
 I ordered this item and had trouble getting it installed . Dell Computer tech supoport gave bad advice and I had trouble reaching AverMedia tech support . When I did , I finally got instruction on the proper connection and the capture works well . The MovieShop editing software -LRB- by Broderbund -RRB- included on the installation CD is very troublesome , but Windows Movie Maker can be used instead -LRB- bundled in WindowsXP -RRB- . I raised my rating from 1 star to four , would be 5 if the MovieShop worked . Also , the cords are a bit short , but for the money , it 's great equipment .
 The hardware is great value , easy to install and has excellent capture quality . On the downside , the software has a rather complex user interface with little or no documentation . The Broderbund video editing software , as you might expect , is kid-level and clunky , but the neoDVD capture software is both powerful and solid , and there lies the problem if you are not already familiar with video terminology . It includes Help and an online Tutorial , but both are skimpy , and have huge gaps in explaining the video technology . However , if you are willing to make the effort to learn , and waste a few CD-Rs in trial-and-error experimentation , then this is definitely the best buy - it only loses a star for lack of good documentation . If you want an idiot-proof , out-of-the-box system then deduct another star and plan on the extra cost of buying better documented software .
 This device was a breeze to install and works well in capturing video from my DVR as well as my camcorder . The only problem I have encountered is with the included MovieShop 6.5 software . I am running Windows XP and my system meets all the requirements . However , even with a clean install , the Movieshop program simply does not run on my computer . Luckily , I have another video editing and DVD burning program that easily integrates with the files I capture with this device . I suspect there is some conflict between the included MovieShop program and a pre-existing one on my computer . However , I have neither the time nor the patience to troubleshoot this problem.The video quality is good , although I find the sound to be a bit distorted .
 I was looking for a capture device for a while since I wanted to record a DVD or VCD from my old vcr tapes . I must admit I wasnt sure about this product but it was worth it !!!! You just plug-in the deviced after you install the driver and there you go
 I had a Dazzle capture device that worked well once I had everything installed , but then it got picky when I tried to install it into the new computer . Long story short ... This Avermedia has worked perfectly from the first time on for one fifth the price of the Dazzle . . I 've had it for about a week and have recorded hours of home movies without a glich . I wondered if I should go for the more expensive brands , but I 'm glad I did n't . This is everything a person could ask for when putting any video source into their hard drive . Mpeg2 is amazing but 3x the size of Mpeg1 .
 Yep thats right , my PC does not meet the requirements and it still does work . I have a 1.5 Pentium and 256 RAM . I connected my analog camera and it did record perfectly ! I dont have the proper adapters to try my VCR with tis yet , but Im sure it would work . But be sure to have at least a pentium 2.0 ! I happen to have a good ASUS motherboard.Be sure to have a 2.0 USB Card too ! I like this product ! Great price and works goog despite the fact that my PC does not have the proper CPU !
 This USB device is value for money , it really works well . Soon after easy install the device was working great . I do not use the software which came with the device instead I use Inter Media Win DVD Creator 2.00 which came my Compaq AMD 3400 + -LRB- 2.2 gh -RRB- 512 memory 200 GB harddrive . The end result is very good indead . The Amazon , s service is super , I got it FEDEX ground -LRB- Free -RRB- -LRB- Ordered Friday recevived it on Monday -RRB- . When you get the Amazon Credit Card -LRB- $ 30 -RRB- off so it just coat me $ 11.00 -RRB- can be bad at this price
 This is the best video capture device in its price range . I 've tried others like the dazzle 90 video capture which does not even work , and the plextor AX-100 which freezes on me each time I try to capture old VHS tapes . The Avermedia DVD EZMaker works seamlessly ! Just install the accompanying drivers and software on your Windows XP system , and you 're ready to go ! This has never caused any system hang-ups . This is the first video capture device I 've tried that has not had any glitches thus far . Software interface is very user friendly . Do n't waste your time on trying other video capture devices in its price range -- this is probably all you will need .
 Why am I giving this little piece of hardware a four star when I actually had to send it back?For two reasons : One
 I was ' t realy looking for any thing professional as idont have enogh time to spend on doing DVD movies.With the EZ maker i did great stuff and reccomend it to any business man who doesnt have enogh time to convirt DVD on a very professional level.It is very easy to use and very friendly.Regards , Omar Sukhon
 If you want a cheap option for preserving all your old VHS tapes onto DVD 's this is it . It has taken me some trial and error to get a good copy -LRB- I suggest you read the help book first -RRB- . It WILL tie up your computer - figure at least 2x the movie length to play/capture the video , set chapter points , and encode/write the DVD . Direct record to DVD only if you do n't want chapter breaks at logical points -LRB- be sure to set chapters in order - if you skip around in the movie , they will be `` dislodged '' -RRB- . Do n't expect to clip out commercials/unwanted scenes . The Broderbund MovieShop editor stinks and the Neo software will only capture , set one start point and one end point , and create up to 6 chapters and a menu.Other than settling for very basic software editing features , my only real disappointment is the sound quality . Be sure to turn the gain control way down -LRB- like 5 -RRB- to avoid most of the tinny ringing behind certain pitches . If you are a home theater buff who cares about sound - save your $ 45 and buy pre-made DVD 's . I also have had little success in saving Pixar movies - the beautiful colors wash out in translation and messing with the limited picture controls before capture does n't help . All other movies picture is fine -LRB- for my 27 '' screen -RRB- even at `` better '' quality setting . 4.7 GB DVD+R 's are n't big enough to record feature length movies at `` best '' setting ; you need to buy the $ 45 software upgrade if you want to record at `` best '' setting on double layer DVDs.Enough griping - my treasured collection of VHS movies will be saved from further deterioration -LRB- and VHS obsolescence -RRB- for a relatively small investment in this device .
 At the end , it worked fine . I tried to use it with my laptop , but just then I noticed that I needed a line input jack for audio -LRB- it does n't work with the microphone jack -RRB- and my Toshiba Satellite A70-SP211 does n't provide it.So finally I used it with a PIV desktop and worked fine.The quality is good , you can make nice DVDs . I only used the included software for capture video . For the editing and DVD conversion I used Nerovision Express .
 I got my Avermedia DVD EZMaker USB 2.0 and installed it and it worked like a charm . VERY easy to use . The software that came with it , however , is not that easy and I 'll need some practice before I can use it . It has some features I would like to utilize , but that will come later . In the meantime , I 'm using the device to capture my analog video to Windows Movie Maker and it 's the easiest new hardware I 've ever had . All I have to do is plug it in and it works !! No problems . I like the idea of not having to open my pc case .
 UPDATE -- 12/18/05 - Unit quit working already , cheaply made , wish I would n't have ordered this , ca n't get my money back now . But tech support is good , I am sending it back , just wish I could get my money instead of a replacement.I had trouble getting it to work . Hubby plugged and unplugged it fromthe back of the computer , then it finally worked and the computer recognized it . I had email customer support and they did reply each time in a timely manner . -LRB- I did downlod the newer driver from their site before installing the dvd EZmaker system . -RRB- It is so slow though - real time downloading the movie from vcr , so 2 hour movie takes 2 hours . Then the software does n't edit very well -LRB- not enough options and hard to understand -RRB- so I used windows movie maker to edit but used the software that came with this to burn it to dvd . And this is a slow process also . All together it takes me about 4-5 hours for a 2 hour movie from vhs to dvd .
 The 7 ' C2G Cat5E Patch Cable from Cables to Go works just like it 's supposed to and at a nice price also . I would buy them again .
 Exactly what I was looking for . Shipped fasted and fixed up my home network very easily . Nothing special ... Just right .
 Great response time across network and the cable connections were secure and packaged well . Great buy got a great cable .
 I needed a cable that would reach my Blu-Ray player so I could allow it to hook to the internet . This was cheaper and easier than setting up a wireless link . I can now enjoy ALL the benefits my Sony Blu-Ray has to offer !
 I originally ordered the cable directly from Cables to Go , but it was more expensive and they did n't have what I wanted . To my surprise , they had it through amazon for less money . Not sure why it was easier to buy through Amazon but it was .
 I needed a long , cheap cable to connect TiVo to my home network , and this did the trick ! Now I can transfer recorded programs to my computers to view later .
 I made several DVDs within the next day or so . Worked great and exceeded my expectations .
 At first I was skeptical about the price being so high and the camera did n't look very solid . But now that I 've gotten to hold it in my hand I can tell it was constructed well enough for what it does . I 've also , obviously , gotten a chance to go through and play with all the settings and from what I 've seen this is a great camera with lots of features . It has I/O ports on the back for the extreme user , but I am just basically using this for my home.Some of the features include streaming audio , MPEG 4 video compression , motion detection , 802.11 b -LRB- + -RRB- wireless -LRB- 22Mbps speeds -RRB- , video settings -LRB- color , brightness , etc. -RRB- , optional text on the camera stream , and more.The video quality is great , the audio could be better , but it is the best it can be without having an external audio mic located exactly where you are focusing . The audio is still a great feature and picks up sounds just fine .
 I HAVE 4YR OLD R-10 IN MY DEN , AND A 1YR OLD R-15 IN MY BEDROOM . THE R-10 IS SUPERIOR IN EVERY WAY!THE R-10 IS A TRUE DOUBLE TUNER.YOU CAN WATCH PROGRAM A ON TUNER ' 1 ' AND PROGRAM B ON TUNER ' 2 ` AND SWITCH BETWEEN THEM WITHOUT LOSING THE ABILITY TO BACK-UP , AS MUCH AS 30 MIN.YOU CAN PAUSE THE SHOW YOU ARE WATCHINGAND SWITCH TUNERS TO CHECK THE SCORE ON A BALL GAME , RETURN AS MUCH AS 30 MIN.LATER AND YOUR ORGINAL IS JUST WHERE YOU LEFT IT.YOU CAN REC.TWO PROGRAMS AND WATCH A THIRD FROM YOUR PRE-RECORDED LIST.THE R-10 PROGRAM GUIDE IS BETTER . THE SINGLE ADVANTAGE OF THE R-15 IS YOU CAN PAUSE OR BACK-UP 90MIN . I INTEND TO REPLACE MY R-15 WITH A R-10 SOON.THE R-10 'S OPERATION IS ALSO MUCH , MUCH MORE INTUITIVE , VERY SIMPLE TO OPERATE .
 I would highly recommend this seller to do business with . I have never met a more honest company . I had a problem with an item that I had purchased and thought I was making a wise choice , needless to say I was wrong . The seller was understanding and made things right . It is very rare in America that there are still some honest companies out there .
 I was very sad when my old TIVO unit took a dive . TIVO has yet to come out with a new unit I like . I was happy to find the exact unit I had at a very reasonable price . As an added bonus this unit has twice the recording capacity . The unit was shipped quickly and packaged carefully . I have no complaints whatsoever!Thank you : -RRB-
 I recently had a custom speaker box built into my Dodge Ram pickup truck . And these grills were the icing on the cake . Speaker protection and a really great look . Highly recommended to anyone who has or is considering purchasing the Kicker L series woofers . Excellent price as well !
 This works like a charm and was shipped quickly . Wish it had 2 prong plug instead of 3 , but an adapter works just fine .
 I was a little hesitant about buying a product that was n't manufactured by sony , so I was n't sure if it would last or be as good as the sony adapter , I have to tell you that I 've had this adapter for a couple of months now and it 's just as good as my sony adapter . I give this product 5 stars !! I love it because it 's about a 1/4 of the price of my sony one .
 this was bought for a friend , they were very pleased with the performance , it worked great for them , and still going strong
 My -LRB- old -RRB- Sony charger was n't charging . It would make a beeping noise when I placed it in the wall outlet . The replacement charger that I ordered was an original manufacturer product . Works perfectly . No problems .
 Works like a charm so far and I have been using it for around 3 or 4 months . Its ridiculous they try to sell you the exact same thing for over $ 100 at Best Buy .
 It works fine . Does not look as sturdy as the original . But , hey , it costs one fifths the price buying it from Sony . The only thing that upset me was the delayed shipping and handling . If you are not in a hurry , I recommend it .
 I have had this product for over a year now and it has worked great as a replacement charger for my Sony laptops . I did not give it 5 stars as I 'm not sure how much longer its charger lifetime will be , but I hope it will be for a long time . So far , no complaints and overall , a great product for a great price !
 This replacement adapter actually worked and stayed plugged in . This is the third different adapter , but this one actually worked for my sony . It actually stays plugged in !
 This AC adapter has worked perfectly and was much cheaper than the official one . I recommend it .
 Here 's the thing ... this is not going to be as nice as your original Sony AC adapter . Once you get it in the mail -LRB- which will happen quickly , btw -RRB- you 'll understand why it 's so cheap . But it works ! Which is really all you need , right ? Plus , the huge bonus is that SmartParts USA is a great seller . Like one of the above respondents , the black insulation on one of the cords broke within about two weeks after receiving the item . I was extra careful with it b/c this is why I had to get a replacement in the first place -LRB- but the Sony one lasted 2.5 years -RRB- . So , when I looked down and saw the busted cord I was super frustrated . I sent an email to SmartParts , they apologized , and I received a replace cord right away . Holy cow ! They dealt with it exactly like they should have . Of course , I am pretty worried about this happening again , but for now I am happy and it 's all b/c of customer service .
 Works just like it was advertised its got me up and running . I will be sure to pass the word this is where chargers should be bought .
 i ordered an item from them it didnt work so they imediatly sent a knew one
 Opened up the package , from bubble wrap plug it in and charged the battery.Better than the old charger.Laptop ran extra 2hrs .
 I had searched on line for days for the perfect leather laptop bag for my husband . He wanted a repalacement for his not so business like canvass carrier . When I spotted this sleek design by Mu , I knew it was just the right one . The simple clean lines of this bag were unlike any others I had seen . I liked the fact that the Bexley Laptop Messenger bag had no buckles , clasps , or logos , just simple understated design.I am considering buying one for myself , it 's definitely unisex in it 's design . The comfortable thick strap makes it easy to carry and does n't cut into the shoulder like some models . There is enough room for a laptop and has an extra pouch that can easily accomodate a planner , notebook , and other accessories.The design is what sets this bag apart from the rest . I wanted something designed to carry everything needed for busuness use without looking like an overstuffed backpack . I got it !
 I could not find this battery at the typical places -LRB- Radio Shack , Target , etc -RRB- . This vendor had the best price and the batteries were delivered quickly . Working great .
 Excellent replacement battery at a great price . Works perfectly in our cordless phone , keep its charge and recharges quickly .
 This battery is hard to find locally . Of course I found it on Amazon , and the price is great . I 've used this battery before and it works fine .
 I purchased one of these to take pictures while snorkeling during my -LRB- very -RRB- recent trip to the Philippines . The case works exactly as advertised in as much as it kept my camera dry and permited easy access to the function buttons on the back of my Pentax Optio M10 camera.Unfortunately , because the case is basically a flat envelope enclosing a rectangular shape , the on/off -LRB- minor -RRB- and the shutter -LRB- not so minor -RRB- buttons were not so easily accessed making quick picture taking difficult . The lense housing also obscured the periphery of some shots when the camera was not perfectly aligned.Considering the price and the fit to a wide range of cameras , I would definately recommend this for snorkeling . It 's depth rating is actually deeper than some model-specific cases by companies I wo n't mention here .
 I used this on a snorkeling trip in Maui , and was very pleased with the results.Pros : - Does what it 's supposed to do
 Took this with me snorkeling the north shore in Oahu HI . Worked as advertised . It 's a little hard to change the camera setting with this on while underwater , but for what it is I would certainly recommend this .
 BACKGROUND
 it 's great to take pictures underwater ... i tried it before putting paper instead of my camera , i think it 's a great test to do before fou actualy put your camera in .
 Keeps my camera dry and easy to use . I have used it for snorkeling , boat trips , and around the pool . People saw it on a recent vacation to Costa Rica and wanted to know where I got it .
 You are not going to find better option at this low price.You will really are going to enjoy it .
 I bought this last minute to take on a trip to Colombia . For the money it performed very well . I usually buy the more expensive camera model specific cases for my cameras but this was last minute and I did n't feel like spending a lot of money . And nowadays I buy a new camera every couple of months , so it 's not worth the 200 hundred dollars.I only used it to about 6 or 7 feet deep , did not leak at all . Only real drawback is that it is a soft case , will not protect camera from drops or shocks . Otherwise I think it is great.I used it with a Canon SD870IS , I used the provided zoom extender , fits nicely inside the case , also the rubber zoom extender helps keep the camera from moving around inside the bag -LRB- read case -RRB- .
 NOTE
 I love this mouse.The design is second to none though the quality could use some improvement . I like this mouse so much that I have three of them brand new in the closet just in case they stop making it . Unfortunately due to the craftsmanship on certain ones I actually need those three in the closet . Each one is different unfortunately and one has lasted for two years where the other was in need of repair within 6 months . Creative honored the warranty and sent me a new one when I asked for one so hats off to them for that . I love this mouse regardless and would say for the price you might as well take the chance.Hopefully Creative will look at this craftsmanship issue and fix it .
 Love this mouse , i am a first person shooter and it does everything i want ! a must buy ! Fits my hand perfectly and you can ad weights if you desire !
 Had to replace my first Fatal1ty 1010 -LRB- put a little too much stress on the cable -RRB- , but I 've had this one for about 2 years I think , and let me tell you , this is a great mouse . The mouse comes with settings of 400dpi , 800dpi , and 1600dpi , in the most easily switchable method I 've ever seen -LRB- button on the top of the mouse -RRB- . The new fatal1ty 2020 goes up to 2400dpi and I think I saw other mouses go even higher , however let me tell you ... I use the mouse on the 800dpi setting , the 1600dpi setting is simply too fast for the games I play -LRB- Halo , Counterstrike , COD2 , etc -RRB- , although the 400dpi settings is way to slow . The 800dpi setting is perfect . This mouse comes with another unique feature , it comes with weights that allow you to control how heavy the mouse is . I use either the heaviest or the second heaviest weight depending on how I feel that day , but I rarely ever touch the lightest weight since it makes the mouse feel like there is nothing there . The build quality is great , as long as you dont put stress on the cable you should get lots of use out of the mouse -LRB- even my other mouse I got a lot of use out of , before I gradually loosened the in mouse connector , due to tugging on the cable a lot -RRB- . I have this new mouse free moving and everything is going great . Although useless in a lot of things , I like having an extra right click button to assign in game as like aiming or throwing a nade , its a pretty neat feature . All in all , this mouse is great , its perfect for almost any pc gamer , and it feels great in the hand .
 New concepts and designs . I am a practical person and really have never spent more than 20 $ on a mouse . I have had previous experience with Creative Labs Mice and they have been some of the best I have tried . When I saw this new mouse I thought that this was an interesting concept and decided to take this for a spin.The weight idea is ingenious and it does make a difference to the handling of the mouse . I can say now that I have purchased this mouse without regret.Install is easy though I have n't yet explored all the ins and outs but I am satisfied to say .
 This is a geat mouse for games that require a quick middle button to do swift changes in the game !
 For its price , you ca n't expect anymore . It is overall an excellent product . I would say the product package is the most attractive thing . What I do n't like is the wire ... Great design , great consideration for different users .
 This mouse has 3 buttons , Plus the wheel button , Plus a side button , PLUS you can change the dpi with the lighted button . This allows one to change from fast movement to slow , for those sniper shots . I love this mouse and would recommend it to anyone wanting to better their game . Perhaps others got lemons or just do n't know how to work it . I LOVE IT !
 This mouse does n't seem to have the widespread success of other high precision or gaming mice ; neverthelss , I have been using it for a couple YEARS now -LRB- gaming and nongaming -RRB- and am very satisfied with it . While some of its features are of no use to me it does have what is most important to me.Pros :1 . Light touch to click , less strain on your fingers2 . Light overall weight , less strain on your wrist/arm3 . scroll wheel that does n't `` glide '' , some clickiness helps you tell how far you are scrolling .4 . Very high `` precision '' , do n't have to hunt for what you want to click on!Cons :1 . There are a lot of buttons , but its not really possible to keep a finger on each one all the time , so it does take some extra effort to use them -LRB- but I do n't need them all anyway -RRB- .2 . Since the mouse is relatively lite -LRB- which I like -RRB- , the cord tends to pull the mouse around when you let go of it . I have a mouse jungie I bought a few years ago -LRB- might be out of business ? -RRB- which olds the mouse cord in the air with a fixed amount of slack . This setup works very well .3 . It does click pretty loudly but I guess I have gotten use to it because I have n't thought about it for a while until I read the other reviews .
 This mouse works very good . Easy to use and fast . However , it is a little big so it maybe good for a big hand . Other than this size , this mouse is great .
 I actually own two of these things , and have been very pleased with them . They 're smooth , responsive , and fit the hand remarkably well ... granted , I 've always been a fingertip mouser , even when I used Intellimice and Logitechs that were designed for palming . Also , the one button to a finger grip they describe is bunk ; resting your ringfinger on the ` pinkie button ' is quite comfortable . The buttons are loud , but lot bad ; the cord is short , but I bought it for a laptop mouse . I was going to upgrade my gaming rig 's Logitech MX-510 to a G5 or G7 , but now I 'm seriously considering the Fatal1ty 2020 . Better sensor , build quality , and a longer cord ... all it needs is a few more buttons , or perhaps the ability to remap the resolution switcher as a sixth in-game button . I 'll keep my Logitech for playing Freelancer , but this is my new UT mouse .
 I 've owned this mouse for about 2 weeks now . In that time I 've put it through my usual BF2 playing regime . Here 's a couple points I think will complement some of the previous reviews :1 . -RRB- Weight system
 Since the sub in box takes up most of the trunk it was hard to put anything in with it and not worry about it gouging the sub , this makes it look cool and keeps it safe if i need to put other stuff in the trunk .
 You can not beat the price -LRB- under $ 400 -RRB- and speed of this color laser printer . All the engineering that you would expect of a Ricoh is built into this product . Really solid features and well constructed for long life . About 3500 pages average for each laser ink cartridge - individualy replaceable - very simple design . The color on photo grade paper is stunning . I researched all avaialable laser printers and there is not a better deal to be had on a color laser from a quality manufactuer . If you want the best Tektronix - now Xerox Phaser 8560 with the ink sticks is still the best but at 2.5 times the price . If you have very high volume the Xerox is the better deal becuase the ink sticks are under $ 100 as opposed to the Laser ink cartridges - lowest price about $ 140 - so over 2 years or so the Xerox is better .
 This printer has worked well . It was compatible with XP and linux which was nice . Having postscript capability was great . The colors are crisp , and printing photos is awesome . The quality of this printer is wonderful.Now the bad part : If you think by going to a laser printer you will avoid those $ 60 inkjet cartridges , think again . I 've have this printer a year , and the magenta toner cartridge is low . $ 180 plus shipping . The other cartridges are just about as expensive . If I ca n't find some reasonable priced toner , this may end up being a $ 300 disposable printer . That 's around $ 500 for a year 's worth of toner . This is for a home - kids printing homework , etc. . This does not see heavy use.It has a fan that runs continuously , so it 's noisy , even in power save mode . When it kicks on , it smells like somethings burning , and there is a lot of loud clunking noises . Not good to print things late at night with kids sleeping .
 I bought this printer along with the duplexer and it has been a great printer for over a year . Cartriges last longer than HP and are easy to refill -LRB- no chips required -RRB- so printing costs are extremely low . This was the absolute best value in a duplexing color printer , with Postscript3 , ethernet and USB . The printer came with 1 year on site service ! The only thing I have against it is that it is a little loud when starting .
 It works for me ! Well worth the money !
 This Infinity Kappa 122.7 w Sub is really great ... It may not be the Hard hitter like the Alpine SWR1222D but the sound quality is way better ... Anyone looking for a rich detailed accurate bass should give it a try ... If your looking for a sub to quake your hood , go with the Alpine ...
 We needed to get one to ship a part back to a manufacturer and had a hard time finding one . These worked great and were a great price .
 I bought these bags for my video cards since I usually upgrade and send my old ones to family and friends , and always seem to forget to keep the bags . These were perfect for even a giant dual slot Nvidia card , just the right amount of room to spare and love that I can continue to reuse them .
 Arrived as described and appears to be of good quality . Many bags in this package and overall was a decent price for what you get .
 the bags are good quality , strong , and does the job great . If you are a builder then you can put your pieces you are replacing or swapping out in the bags for safety and if you are merely storing you can do the same thing . They made me feel easier with my graphics card . They can hold some pretty decent pieces . A high end graphics card being one of those .
 These bag are exactly what they say they are . Make sure you measure what you are trying to store . I made the mistake and purchased bags that were too big.I was trying to buy a few bags for our extra laptop batteries and ended up getting bags there were too big , but not a big deal .
 The first person to review this item must not have known what he was doing . True , there is no software , but if he 'd of read the instructions , he would 've seen that you must press the Scroll Lock twice to switch between machines . It switches very quickly with no delay and is pretty reliable . I 've purchased many of these for my company and only had to replace a few . As far as sharing `` other '' USB devices , it 's not made for that . Only share keyboard , video , mouse -LRB- KVM -RRB- , and sound with it .
 This thing is affordable and works great . You do n't want to have to take your hands off the keyboard to switch PCs . This KVM works as it should with the use of a hot key to switch PCs ... hit the Scroll Lock twice and you are using the other machine instantly . Great device , I have been using it for months without issue .
 Very easy to setup and works great ! Have not tried it with a wireless keyboard or mouse .
 After a couple weeks I have n't yet run into any hiccups , but note I have n't exercised the sound swapping aspect -LRB- no need -RRB- . I was able to easily & quickly change the hot-key swap sequence to 2x CTRL , which is much more convenient to hit than SCOLL LOCK . My mouse is ps/2 plugged into a belkin ps2 = > usb adapter plugged into the KVM ; no problems there . Very good product overall.Two minor quibbles :1 -RRB- as documented , there 's no button to make the swap ; a keyboard sequence is the only way , which somewhat annoys my spouse2 -RRB- as undocumented -LRB- I think -RRB- , the usb ports on the keyboard become non-functional when the keyboard is plugged in to the KVM . I had hoped to have 2 mice in the setup -LRB- my ergo one plugged into the KVM , and my spouse 's traditional one plugged into the KVM ` ed keyboard -RRB- , but no dice ; indeed , I ca n't get * any * device to work from the keyboard ports
 I love this gadget . Even though I 'm using dual monitors I can switch back and forth to a separate computer super quickly . Simple set up .
 Perfect for the 17-40 f/4 L,16-35 f/2 .8 L , and 24-70 f/2 .8 L , 70-200 f/2 .8 L lenses , Image Quality -LRB- IQ -RRB- is crisp as without , no loss of quality with these ! Thin mount w / threading for adtl . filter , so no vignetting!Get it from J&R ; Music ... best priced seller , go figure ! -LRB- Schneider product , via Schott Glass -RRB-
 Very handy and built well messenger bag .
 I am very suspicious of most electronic gagdets , but this one was definitely worth it.This has both surge suppression and noise filters . I ran the power and cable tv coax through it for my 42 '' plasma , and it cleaned up a lot of snow on the cable channels . The TV even switches channels faster , which I suspect is due to reduced noise .
 Great product , looks solid and seems to do the job , I do n't want to ever find out if it is effective in a big power surge or not but makes me feel better . I ran my Directv HD DVR -LRB- two cables -RRB- through this and also my Comcast -LRB- used for high speed internet -RRB- . As an additional step also ran the ethernet cable between the Comcast modem and my router through here as well . Everything seems to work perfectly . No complaints so far.Only item I would mention is that the satellite/cable ins are very close to each other , but not really a big deal.Oh and also , I bought this from MacMall for $ 38.99 . Almost half the price here .
 I am a Telecom Engineer . This is a great protector . I installed six of them over the past two years at work - no issues . Any in-line device causes some signal loss , but measured signal loss in the HT1010SAT3 is minimal , of no real concern and less than most other protectors in both the TV and SAT frequency bands . A small $ 10 in-line SAT amplifier such as the Eagle Aspen SA-2050 + will more than make up for any signal loss in any protector in the SAT band . As far as lightning protection , virtually no surge protection device will protect completely from a direct lightning strike . Use a good 8 ' ground rod at the antenna with a # 6 or thicker ground wire -LRB- review the National Electrical Code Articles 250 , 800 , 810 , 820 & 830 to name a few -RRB- . Make sure your antenna system ground is electrically connected to AC power system ground , cable TV/Internet service ground and telephone ground per the National Electrical Code . Otherwise , the best protector in the word will not help a poorly grounded antenna system . Consult a qualified Electrician if you are unfamiliar with safety grounding .
 It really cleaned up the power to my home theater . Everything is performing better ! I definitely recommend this surge protector/line filter .
 i like it -- some people prefer the keychain to be on the flash drive and not the cap -- but how are you going to lose something stuck in a computer ? I personally prefer it -LRB- the data part -RRB- to have nothing on it , because I do n't want my keys -LRB- or lanyard -RRB- hanging from the computer.The cap is very secure so there 's no danger of it falling off the keychain -- you have to tug very hard to pull it off , and when you put it back on , you always get a big `` snap '' or it wo n't go flush .
 The product works with the OnQ system that i have in my house . If you need one for another location or because someone took yours like they did mine . This will work , however i think it is over priced at $ 95 .
 I shoot a Nikon D50 , Nikon S600 , and Canon SD650.These cards perform beautifully with all of them , but really these are top performing cards no matter what camera you put them in.No errors , no bad formats . My 512 is kickin it just fine after 2 years and 10,000 pictures which is about 50 formats . The hinge on the USB cover is starting to wear just a little bit.I use a Mac and I used to use a portable card reader . Never again ! This card plugs straight into the computer and works perfectly as a flash drive . No drivers required on mac or PC . It 's simply the most perfect card I 've ever used.Pros
 I need not say anything But Thank You SanDisk ! These are the best cards since USB !
 Really great idea by Sandisk . SD card folds in half and plugs directly into usb port on computer , no card reader necessary . Do n't know how long-term durable the hinge will be but both this 2 gb and a 1 gb card I use have been working great . Just have to watch orientation when plugging card in , because my it will go into port either way on my Mac Mini - no harm , just ca n't download pix if i put it in wrong .
 This is an excellent product . I just purchased my third one ! I love the ability to take my memory card out of my camera and stick it into the computer . IT makes it easy to upload pics and I do n't have to worry about having my camera cable . This item also doubles as a USB memory stick in a pinch . This is the only kind of memory card I 'll buy now !
 I originally got this so I could jeep my jump drive in my laptop without having it stick out the side -LRB- i have a SD card slot -RRB- but now i use it for everything . music on my gps device , pictures on my camera ... its got room to fit everything yet is so tiny . its great
 This product is the perfect match for someone looking for maximum storage and usability . It is the most compact option that I have found for storing important info . USB keys by themselves are always limited to a computer . THis product goes in palm 's , cameras , digital picture frames and of course computers . No complaints .
 I love that I can flip my SD card into a USB plug ! No card reader or cables required ! A truly elegant design that saves clutter on my desk and in my camera bag .
 They should all be like this . Ever lose you reader ? Ever break one in a pocket ? Just forget to bring it along ? You do n't need one anymore ! All the others are just hassles to haul around after you have one of these babies .
 I own the 512MB version of this card . The idea is great , but I was a bit hesitant about it initially because I tend to break things and this sucker looks REALLY fragile.It turns out that it is quite durable . I think the trick is that it is so small that it does n't stick out much . So , despite looking and feeling like you could break it by blowing on it , it has survived a couple years with me.In the year or two I 've had the card , I had absolutely no problems with it . My one year old has taken off with it a couple times . The camera it lived in is now dead -LRB- the screen finally broke after being dropped for the 67th time -RRB- , and I 've killed a USB thumb drive and an iPod .
 Have had this for over 18 months , and it works great . VERY convenient for file moving .
 I was looking for a large capacity card for my Canon SD600 camera as I 've quickly found the video clips that it captures to be a fun an useful feature . I 've had good results with other Sandisk Ultra CF cards , so it is already a brand I trust.This card has proven a good match for the SD600 . I can get over 700 images or over 17 minutes of video capture on an empty card . It gives me the flexibility to switch between video and image to capture the moment.The USB capability is a great feature as it means I can dump pictures onto a computer without having to worry about a card reader . For a few bucks more than the non-USB card , I think it is definitely worth while .
 Just received it in the mail the other day - used it and it is awesome ! I no longer need to carry an extra cord to download my pictures . :-RRB- I 'm a happy camper .
 I love this thing and wish I would have bought a third before the price went up ! I keep one in my Nikon D80 camera and one in my wallet as a tiny 2gb usb drive !
 I need a USB drive for work , from time to time . The one I bought years ago -LRB- 64MB -RRB- just died . I was actually driving to a store to buy another one when it hit me ... my camera 's SD card IS a USB drive.I ca n't imagine why anyone would buy a regular SD card - this is SO worth the small difference in price .
 I got this card to go with my new Canon A540 . I got hooked with the USB connector , it works great . The cost difference between the USB version and the regular version is so small , the added USB is worth it , especially when traveling with my buddy I can just put the pictures on his laptop right away . As on this writing , the cost at amazon is $ 49 . I spent $ 69 about a month ago on Amazon so the prices are coming down !
 You have to love the `` cool '' factor of being able to just pop it into a USB . Now if they can make one where you can carry something like this or two in a credit card carrier for spare backup or for `` you never know when you need instant storage '' situations , that would be the ultimate .
 It is another great product from Sandisk . It is fast , reliable and very convenient . It may cost more than regular SD card from some other brands , but you are paying extra for the convenience of having build-in USB reader . It is very easy to transfer pictures from the camera , or files to/from PDA .
 Not much to say - it works perfectly - no cables , no special slots required - beautifully designed and well made .
 I bought one of the very first of these when they came out from another retailer . I have had the card and used it everywhere . I am a student and was tired of a clunky USB drive , and this was the perfect solution . I have not had any problems at all with the card . It has been used in so many different devices ranging from my Canon PowerShot to my Nintendo WII . I have been able to use it in any SD reader as well as almost -LRB- one older front panel Dell port would not read it , but Dell has had many issues with front panel USB ports ... many are only USB 1.1 not 2.0 as advertised , they only have 2.0 on the back -RRB- all computers . Great and wonderful invention for Sandisk , KUDOS !
 That little thing is so handy and cheap ! No need to carry a USB reader or even have a computer that accept USB card . As long you have a USB port , you will be able to download you pictures on any computers.I have been using it for months now and I am pretty rough with it but still works fine . Although it is small and somewhat fragile and I can see it can take only so much abuse . Therefore I would n't let a kid use it .
 I love it ! Now I do n't have to bring another adapter to transfer pictures to my mac from my digital camera . Unlike PC laptops which have SD slots , Mac do n't -LRB- which makes its design look better but fewer functionality -RRB- . I have previously have these thin USB drive , so I was glad that the SD card could function the same way!Concern
 I use this card with my pocket PC . It gives me a great deal of versatility with my data . The card is relatively fast and having a USB port built in just makes the whole package very convenient . I recommend it to anyone that wants to have very easy access to their data .
 I use this with a Treo 700p and it 's great for being able to get files back and forth no matter where I am without having to carry around a jump drive . It 's a great product
 This has been a pretty good SD card , but I have found a niggling flaw . I 've been using this with my PDA and that has been working great . It 's wonderful to not have to carry around a sync cable.I have also been using it as a USB stick that I tote a few programs around on . This is where the problem lies . If you are reading and writing a fair amount -LRB- 10 MB -RRB- at the same time -LRB- e.g. unzipping a file on the card to the card -RRB- , the device may simply crash . To the computer , it seems as if it has just been yanked out without warning . This can be annoying , but if you are aware of the problem , it can be avoided by doing any I/O stuff on a local hard drive and copying the results.This stated , it is still amazingly convienient .
 I use two cameras
 The SanDisk 2GB Ultra II SD + USB is excellent . SUPER FAST transfer rates . Product could be a bit more sturdy .
 This is one I just said why did n't I think of that . I keep mine in my Treo cell phone and can pull it out and pop it in any USB port to transfer files . Fast easy and no longer a need for a thumb drive . I highly recommend this product .
 For the nominal price difference , getting SD cards with integrated USB connections is a no brainer . However , there is more than one style of USB integrated SD cards . SanDisk 's are the best I 've used since there are no removable parts to lose . The chip simply folds in half . That 's awesome .2 GB is a lot of storage in today 's world . I can take over 1000 high resolution photos on my camera on one chip . I keep a 2nd on my keychain just in case .
 This is the third San Disk SD plus I have bought . The first two were one GB as that is what my Nikon instruction booklet said to use . But obviously that may have the largest available at the time of printing . I find no problems with the 2 GB and using a bit of care and ease in putting it into the USB , all works fine . Nice product and no adapters needed .
 Very subtle and discrete . Does not add bulky weight to key chain and holds all basic documents for file transfer . Very convenient when plugging into any USB 2.0 port .
 SanDisk Ultra II SD Plus 2GB Card is a perfect for carrying you data in your wallet .
 Compared to so many other SD chips that Ive had before , having the convenience to flex the chip and slip the USB connector in to a computer 's USB slot is great . Sometimes it 's a little hard to determine which way it fits in to a USN slot , but it has been reliable . Use it in my Nikon 5mp Coolpix camera with no problems , and it comes with a flat little case to store it on a keychain .
 This device has filled an important need for me . I can load information onto the card using USB on my desktop and open the files usingDocuments To Go Premium V9 .0 . This USB/SD card combination was suggested byHow to Do Everything with Your Palm Powered Device , Sixth Edition -LRB- How to Do Everything -RRB- . One wonders why all SD cards do n't work like this .
 These SD cards are great - really fast upload and download but the biggest thing is the convenience of the usb snap in half drive thing . great if you are out on site with client or want to download to another computer and they dont have a sd card adapter . The USB feature is so convenient that I have n't even unwrapped my usb cable for my camera .
 I now have a 4GB and 8GB Extreme . I wish those cards had the USB feature since none of my computers seem to read anything over 2GB . I now need to use the USB adapter for these new cards . This card is very fast and if you have a compact digital camera of less than ten megapixels you probably do n't need anything faster . My stepson is now using it in his brand-new eight megapixel camera and because his computer does not have a built in SD card reader , this was the perfect choice for retrieving those taken photos with ease .
 I wanted a memory which would be both fast to support video recording and easy to plug into the PC for downloading files.I 've got no problem at all after about a month using it . It 's recording video at 30 FPS in 640x480 just fine . I 've got a Lumix camera and it 's proven to be great for it.The USB extension works as expected though it seems a bit frail but being careful seems not to cause any trouble ; -RRB- Worked great for me .
 The ability of the Ultra II SD Plus to act as a USB card makes it universally useful . No matter what type of computer I encounter , I can always take it from my camera and use the USB port to view images on the computer rather than on my camera . When travelling , this makes it extremely easy to upload images and thus clear more space on the card for more photography . Although I have yet to have any problems , I also appreciate having two choices for accessing the data should one or the other fail .
 My only quibble is that it is n't obvious how it should be inserted in a usb port so I got it upside down sometimes at first .
 If you have a digital camera , phone , any device that uses SD cards , you just have to get this . I never ever have to worry about finding my card reader or cable to transfer files again . It is well made and so far , just as reliable as regular SD cards . I hope SanDisk will make higher capacity versions - 4GB please , and in Ultra III -LRB- faster -RRB- . The keychain holder is very nice too - very compact , yet protects the spare one I carry around to use as a USB flash drive or as a back up card for my camera . Can not go wrong with this . I have bought 5-6 of these already and given them to everyone in the family who uses SD cards .
 I use this USB card for my Pocket PC phone , and it is incredibly convenient to be able to store data and transfer it to any computer via the USB attachment . Basically , I do n't have to worry about forgetting my USB thumb drive , as I always have my Pocket PC phone with me , and with 2 GB of storage , the data that I can store and transfer seems almost limitless .
 it 's the best to use between a palm Life drive , a camera pentax and a notebook . You do n't need to remember to bring with you the cables !!! You can put anything in the SD
 This card is a new version of the the previous SanDisk 1 GB Ultra II SD Plus USB Card with doubled capacity . It 's performance is good and the USB facility on the SD card is very useful and seems to be pretty durable . Each card comes with a key chain case to put the card in for storage and transportation , which is a good idea . The case is now a bit smaller and more secure , which is good , but the SD card is a little harder to remove from the case . On the balance , this product has excellent quality and good design .
 I just got the card and the usb tab is awesome - the price has come down alot since it was introduced , so it 's more resonable now . No card reader necessary , so no software to download . Just plug in the card to any available usb port and pull up the files . The files are then just a cut-and-paste away from going into any editing software you want !
 I bought one of these cards forPanasonic Lumix DMC-FZ30and it 's a great match . The FZ30 is an older camera and does n't support the SDHC standard . The Ultra II 2GB is the right speed and size for my camera . Having a builtin USB connector on the card makes it easy to share pictures with any device that has a USB port .
 I have a 512 MB Sandisk Ultra II Plus USB and it has never let me down I just needed more space for more use . I use it to download music from my pc onto the card and then plug it into the USB port on my car 's stereo . Works way better than fumbling with scratched CD 's that skip.This 2 GB Sandisk Ultra II Plus USB comes with a really cool and really useful plastic case that hangs on a keychain.It 's only $ 22 here on Amazon versus eBay prices and way cheaper than store prices.Worth every penny , I use it everyday as a student and audiophile .
 This is the most convenient tweak to SD cards around ! You no longer have to keep a data cable or adapter in your digital camera case when travelling , since you can now upload images and movies directly to any USB port . I keep one of these in my day planner , much slimmer and more discreet than a jump drive for those ` sneaker net ' file transfers at work.Performance is every bit as fast as other name brand SD cards , I experienced no noticeable lag on my 5mp digital camera . For the same price as a standard SD card , you get added flexability and convinience , and have to carry less stuff around !
 This little Sandisk card makes my workflow so much easier . First of all it 's fast . I have a Nikon D40 DSLR , and this card is fast enough to keep up with the burst mode . I have n't had an issue where the card seemed to lag . I have removed the extra step of getting my card reader and cables , I do n't need that anymore . Secondly , it does n't cost much more than the Ultra II SD card without USB . And USB in card is awesome , -LRB- check my pictures -RRB- I was leery about how sturdy an SD card that flips open would be . But after reading the positive reviews I decided to risk it and boy am I glad . I was expecting to get a card reader and all that but now all I do is take the card out of the camera , flip it open and fits into any USB port . The card `` snaps '' open and you hear a little click and it locks closed . Awesome.The fit of the card is tight on my mac ports . I tried both USB ports on my Mac , on the Mac and on my keyboard . Transferring 200mb took about 8 seconds , the keyboard took abit longer.On my 6 megapixel DSLR I can fit 260 Raw and 560 High Quality JPEGs.You seriously ca n't go wrong with this card , sure other brands are cheaper but the USB feature for me was worth the extra money . The card comes with a clear plastic case and a keychain case . I might get a second one to use as a flash drive . If you have doubts , get it , you wo n't be sorry . Definitely one of my must have gadgets . Highly Recommended . Cheers .
 no more usb cables and special software to get files on and off the Treo , just pop out the card and insert into a usb port , voila !
 I love this card . Its fast and easy to use with my camera and best of all I dont need the camera itself to download it to any computer . The USB feature does it all and is so wonderful ! Worth the extra price cost !
 Very fast little SD card . The USB functionality is so very useful - definitely worth the extra 5 bucks !
 I was using some a couple of regular 2GB SD cards previous to this and I have seen quite the speed increase with this Ultra II card . I have benefited mostly from the read time when loading to the computer , but taking continuous shots seems faster too . I do n't have a digital SLR , but I do take continuous shots -LRB- without the flash , as that takes time between shots -RRB- quickly with a Canon SD800 . When I take photos of our newborn -LRB- frequenty -RRB- I need it to be fast , and it is . This card is well worth the investment ! If I ever need another card , this will be the one . Compared to other cards I think it 's a great deal faster and very convienient to have no need for a reader .
 Very very handy item , adds extreme flexibility to my digital camera because with this i can instantly transfer images to any pc without having to carry the camera 's USB cable , or a card reader . Excellent quality as well
 Mobile professionals need reliable , fast and generous amounts of storage . Sandisk is way out in front of the competition with it 's line of USB enabled SD cards . I have used all three of the USB enabled capacities and they all behave the same . The 2GB model for me is the way to go.I store my corporate data , such as all my Outlook attachments , along with spreadsheets and other data . More importantly this card also allows me to carry along a generous amount of music and family photos as well . I also no longer have to worry if I forgot the camera . The Sandisk cards provide more than enough room so I never have to worry if I have space available.I ca n't tell you how many times I have been saved by the built in USB support on this card . Virtually every computer has a USB port . Being at a clients site and needing to send or receive large files is not a problem if you have this card along . No reader needed.If you are a mobile professional or just like to be able to access all your data in a hurry , you owe it to yourself to purchase one of these cards . You will not regret it .
 Great product at fear price . Smooth transaction , prompt shipment .
 I did n't give the product a 5 star because the opening mechanism is a little bit fragile , I think if you use it to much or too hard probably it will break . In spite of that , the concept is great . I no longer carry around a SD card reader .
 I just purchased a DSLR and needed a large capacity SD card for it . Because this featured a built in USB , it provided great flexibility . I do n't need to worry about having a card reader around when importing the images to my notebook . A recommended buy since it has a fast read speed , which really helps during the file transfers .
 I appreciate the usefulness of the sdplus . Way-to-go sandisk ! Thanks to Amazon for the great pricing .
 This little card is great . My wife and I can now download pictures to our laptop or desktop with digging out a card reader . What a great idea.It feels delicate , but it has held up fine .
 I purchased the SanDisk 2GB Ultra II Plus USB Card for Christmas for my husband after seeing it at a friend 's house . The card allows him to take the pictures , remove the card from the camera and put it directly into the computer to show friends . Amazon 's price was the best around and their shipping was great ! I 'd highly recommend the card .
 Sure , it 's just an SD card you say . Well , there are many times I want to download images , but alas , the computer does not have an SD card reader on board . With this convertible disk I simply click away part of the shell exposing the USB connector . Voila , I can now open all my images directly from the card without a reader . Too simple . Worth the extra $ $ especially if you 're traveling .
 I love how you can just pop this out of your camera and into any usb slot ! I of course put it in upside-down the first time . Tip-The label will be facing down if you have it in correct !
 I own the 512MB and 2GB card and they both work great in my Palm Treo 700 and Toshiba laptop.I use my Treo for work and I can easily transfer photos , data and music with my laptop.I only gave it a 4 because of the cost compared to the non-USB version but not having to carry a card reader makes this card unique.I wish SanDisk would offer the Extreme card with USB .
 I 've never had a SanDisk card fail on me . They are very reliable , and this particular card allows you to plug it directly into a USB port , which is incredibly convenient . This allows you to drop files onto the card without tinkering with a connection plug/wire between your device -LRB- camera/PDA/etc . -RRB- and your computer . This is a cool invention , and it works great . It seems like it might be fragile , so be careful if you have gorilla fingers .
 love the flexibility and find that I am able to share more data & photos .
 I 've used the previous version -LRB- 1GB -RRB- as well and got addicted to it so I had to get this one too.I use it on my Palm Treo , digital camera -LRB- Canon Powershot SD 1000 -RRB- and on my laptop as a USB as well as a SD card since my laptop has a SD reader too . I ' v used it for transferring documents , movies , pictures and other files and it has worked every time.When you fold the card , it might seem a little flimsy but it never broke and can withstand the regular use . When using it as a SD card instead of a USB card on the laptop , the speed is slower as a SD which is expected given the SD reader capacity on the laptops . Otherwise the USB speed is super fast.Its also a head turner where people generally seem surprised when you pull it out of your palm treo and stuff it into the USB slot.No complains what so ever . Its everything a SD card is and then plenty more .
 I think this is probably one of the best purchases I have made in the electronics arena this year . If you have any doubts about this one throw them out ! I did n't think that it would work that well in a USB port , but it really works very well . When using in a USB port , the card has lights which indicate that it is communicating with your computer , very neat . I would recommend this product to anyone who has a device which accepts SD type memory and who also plans on transferring that information to a computer .
 Another example of something that does exactly what it 's supposed to . I use this for file transfer on my computer as well as on Palm treo 700p and palm TX.The price fluxuates on these , but if you catch them low , it 's a great value.My first card after research was the ultraII half gig . I would not buy another brand for how flawlessly this has performed for me in general and especially while watching movies on my palm devices.USB function is great ! Though I have a card reader , I 'll never buy a non usb version again .
 I am thoroughly impressed with this little device . I use it constantly for transferring files between home , work , and my laptop computers ... and more importantly ... I can use it in my digital camera and camcorder easily transfer pictures . It 's particularly useful for those computers and laptops that do n't have the SD card capability.Much less bulky than the usual USB flash drives . With the neat little plastic carrying case included , you can put it on your keychain or , like me , hang it from your ID lanyard . Also , it is definitely not as flimsy as it looks ... I 've used it very often for the last 6 months ... and it is still running strong -LRB- no breakage -RRB- . I was so happy with it , I got one for me wife and she LOVES it.I just wish they would hurry with a 4 gig version .
 I love the USB functionality of this card.I bought a 1Gb version when they were introduced -LRB- for much more -RRB- and could n't stop showing it off to my friends . I just wish they came in a faster class .
 This SD card is very convenient to use . No need to insert the whole card in your laptop , just snap the usb open and insert in a usb port . Very easy to share with others this way .
 For the price I paid , it is good and convenient . I can use it on USB ports when I did n't have my SD card adapter . Be careful not to break the compartment .
 I own two of these style SD cards . As you can see they double as a flash drive , making card readers and camera cables obsolete . They 're reliable
 I discovered this card quite by accident , and I 'm glad I did . My primary computer lacks the SD card reader found on may newer machines . The lack of that feature usually means I have to hunt around for an external reader or a cable to connect the camera to the computer . With this Ultra II SD Plus card , I just snap it out , flip it open , and use it with my computer . It 's quick and easy . I 've yet to measure the actual performance , but transfer rates seem at least as good as what I got with the camera cable.I do note that the card seems a bit flimsy when bending it to expose the USB connector , but it seems a necessity considering the small dimensions of the SD format in the first place . I plan to handle mine with just a bit of care and expect it to hold up just fine.At this point , I want one of these in every digital camera I own . Highly recommended .
 Replacing a smaller card . Well satisfied . Would have purchased a larger spaced card if my camera could have used it .
 The only downside is that they do n't do larger sizes ... I use these in my two small cameras and have also bought two more for work . No more cables , no more adapters , simply put the card in ANY computer and it works.Can also be used as simple usb drive in case you do n't have anything else to transfer data .
 I have this and a 16gb regular card . This thing is so great and so fast that I use the 16gb as a backup ! This is a photographers must have !
 A great little card for quick use . I actually bought it to hack my Wii . Worked perfectly . I really like that I do n't have to carry a card reader and I can just plug it in to USB .
 loved , loved loved mine . bought it before my last kid was born , along with my D50 Nikon . it 's been all over , inserted into many different computers , dropped , put into USB ports upside down , etc. etc. about 2 weeks ago , i went to click it close after a download -LRB- thank goodness ! -RRB- and it split open . a little bummed and then i realized how long it 's been chugging away for me ... last kid turns 5 next week . may it rest in peace .
 You can plug it right into your computer ... only if it handles the 2 gig cards . My laptop would not recognize the card . I also had to buy a new card reader because mine would n't recognize that size .
 This product is just simply wonderful it added soooooo much memory to my new digital camera and now I can go back and enjoy my vacation all over again with all the pics that I was able to take
 I have the 1G version of this , and it 's the coolest thing ever . It functions as the smallest jump drive I 've seen to date , and because it lives in my cell phone , it 's zero cost to have it with me everywhere always . I absolutely love it as a jump drive!As a memory card for my phone -LRB- Treo 650 -RRB- , I do n't make many demands on it
 Though I bought this SD card as a second camera card , I have found it useful as a `` thumbdrive '' for moving files from one PC to another . It is small , and takes a little care to handle it with big hands , but worked well in the USB slots on my laptop .
 I use the Ultra II SD Plus with my Nikon D40 . The camera never has to wait for the card even in multishot mode . The card slips into the camera without snagging -LRB- a worry that I had since there are tiny hinges for the USB port -RRB- . When the card is correctly plugged in to the USB port , a little green light comes up . When I first used it , I thought it did n't connect to my powerbook , but you have to press it in all the way -LRB- it 's delicate though so care must be taken when doing that especially if your USB port is tight . -RRB- The best thing about it is that I do n't have to position the camera next to the laptop when I wish to download images . This is especially useful when your using a laptop in a tight space . Downloading to the computer is pretty fast .
 This card allows me to move pictures from my camera to a computer without the use of the USB cable that is usually unique and comes with the camera . This fexibility is very convient and useful . Also the card is fast ant the 2GB of storage is nice to have when taking high resolution pictures .
 I LOVE this memory card ! It has tons of space , and the USB feature is SO handy . And , I got it for a much better price here than what retail stores were asking .
 For a quick synopsis , skip down to the end of this review.Recently , I purchased my 4th or 5th digital camera , this one a 6MP DSLR -LRB- Nikon D40 -RRB- and since I was doubling up on megapixels and intending to work primarily with RAW format images I decided to get 4GB of SD Card storage for it . Up for consideration was one of the 4GB cards or purchasing 2 2GB cards . I decided on the latter as there was a sizable price difference between the two options . As I did my browsing , I noticed a plethora of brands and `` speeds '' and paid careful attention to the reviews . My focus was on speed , reliability , and compatibility -LRB- which you would n't think would be a problem but apparently can be depending on your device -RRB- . Based on this I was able to narrow it down to major brands only and since I had experience with SanDisk products in the past and their products received almost uniformly high ratings I decided on purchasing one each of the following : SanDisk SDSDH-2048-901 2 GB Ultra II Secure Digital Memory Card -LRB- Retail Package -RRB- SanDisk 2 GB Ultra II SD Plus USB Card -LRB- SDSDPH-2048-901 , Retail Package -RRB- I was somewhat skeptical about the `` built in USB port '' feature of the Plus model -LRB- to which this review pertains -RRB- , but I thought , `` why not ? '' for $ 37 -LRB- only $ 4 more than the other version -RRB- .2 months later with moderately heavy use and I only wish I had purchased 2 of the plus model instead of one of each . Both cards work well , but I find that I rarely use the standard version . The built-in USB on this thing works great and seems significantly faster than using my card reader with the plain one . There has n't been any sign of weakness in the product design , though I have been very careful with it . In the camera there is absolutely no difference and on my Macs the card is instantly recognized and mounted on the desktop . As with my unpowered card reader , it does n't like the keyboard USB ports , prefering something powered.This product is awesome and has been a joy to use.Highly recommended .
 I 've used this card for over 2 years now with no problems . It 's by far the handiest card I own . I have several other types of cards -- enough to last for a 30-day trip to the Arctic . There , I offloaded images to my iPod . This card was flawless . It 's the card I keep in my Canon SD900 because it 's so easy to use . Pull it out ; fold it ; put it in the USB slot . It just works . -LRB- Mac OSX . -RRB- I 've also used it as a mini hard drive for data transfer . Brilliant idea . Love it .
 I 'm glad with this item , no more SD card reader on my pocket neither a usb flash drive . I have both in this little card .
 Love this camera card because it has a flip-out USB and can download pics right to computer , picture frame , etc. . It was shipped timely & I could n't be happier about the purchase !
 This is a great idea & it gets your photos out of your camera fast . I 've had a few of these now & I ca n't say enough about it . Get one for yourself !
 This is a great product . Very easy to use . Carry a card reader no more .
 This is a great memory and using it means that I can download images fast and easily to my computer without using an adapter . It looks flimsy but in fact is very robust and I have used it now for over a year before writing this review . I wo n't buy a memory again that does not plug straight into my computer or laptop 's USB port .
 This is as useful a gadget as I 've bought in years . It 's fast , it 's handy -LRB- as there is no card reader to lug around -RRB- - a great way to upload photos as soon as you take them . I 'd give this an A + .
 A friend had one of these and so I thought I 'd try one . No regrets ; makes it easy to transfer pics and data from camera , pda phone and internet tablet . I 'd recommend it .
 This product works effortlessly and is great for those of us with laptops that do n't have SD card slots yet . Transfer speeds are also excellent . Great job guys . I use this with my CanonCanon PowerShot SD870IS 8MP Digital Camera with 3.8 x Wide Angle Optical Image Stabilized Zoom -LRB- Silver -RRB- and it works great . The unit feels very sturdy and easily withstands lots of switching between SD and USB modes .
 I waited a few months after buying this card before I wrote the review since some people complained about how fragile it is . I am glad to report that this has been working great for me swapping back and forth between my digital camera and PC .
 I use ONLY these in my cameras , and when I give a camera as a gift I make sure to include one of these . No matter where you are , you can share the photos you just took by simply sticking the card into your friend 's computer -- no card reader , no camera cable , no emailing later . Sorry to hear that another reviewer got turned off by a broken hinge ... I 've had no problem there . -LRB- Worst case , even if the hinged part broke off you could still recover the contents . -RRB-
 blazing fast , usb functionality is great . hard to find though , makes me think they may stop making them .
 I 'm a filmmaker , and I 'm often transferring digital files -LRB- music , pics , mpeg footage -RRB- between Macs and PC 's , in addition to sometimes watching things on my TreoI purchased a SanDisk Plus USB card last summer and I 'm in love with this sucker!I have a Treo , Mac laptop , and digital camera -- the card can literally be swapped between all three devices , transfering files from one to the otherHowever , the USB slot is a very welcome feature ! The card is a bit fragile , but as long as you 're gentle , the card 's USB slot fits excellently into all USB ports and gives very quick access and transfer speeds -- this has made file swapping between my Treo , Mac , and other PC 's a complete breeze !!! The best part is that the card plays nice between PC and Mac , and can still go in and out of Treos and Digital CamerasAnd lastly , the card is very durable -- again , you have to be gentle when placing the USB stick into a slot , but the card folds up and is as solid as any regular SanDisk card -- although I do n't use it , SanDisk also provides a very useful key chain , which is a tiny case that will keep your card protected , while dangling off of your keys -LRB- if you like -RRB- I highly recommend it!Peace and love to you all !
 Wow ! I needed an SD card for my new digital camera . Speed of the disk is an issue these days . When you take a photo the disk has to store it then get ready for the next photo . Regular SD cards take some time to do that . So , if you are shooting rapidly , or doing video , you can quickly hit the limits of your regular SD cards speed . The Ultra II is in the next speed class up . It 's plenty fast for all but the most extreme user . It 's not as fast as the Extreme III , but that costs half again as much.So , I was already sure the Ultra II 2GB was what I needed for size and speed . Then I saw it ... this version where the case of the SD card folds in half revealing a USB Hub Port . Which means you can plug your tiny 2GB SD card straight into your laptop or computer through the USB port . No need for a card reader.This card works in Treos , digital cameras , and anything else that takes a type I SD card.It 's big -LRB- memory -RRB- , fast -LRB- memory access -RRB- , and innovative -LRB- USB build in -RRB- . For me it was worth a few extra dollars more than the regular Ultra II .
 I previously owned the 1GB version of this card and was very pleased with that . This is a great improvement as it doubles the space ! I 've had no problems with it used as a USB key or SD card.The ONLY issue I have had with these cards is they DO NOT work in the Nintendo Wii . They WILL get stuck inside the Wii slot and with-out carefull pliers work you wo n't get it out . The card electrically works in the Wii you just ca n't get it back out . Same with the 1GB version . This is more a design problem with the Wii -LRB- which I still love -RRB- than with the SanDisk card . So get the card , just do n't stick it in your Wii .
 I love this little thing ! So much so that I bought 3 of them ! One of the best ideas ever ! It is super easy to switch between SD and USB with a simple folding operation.There are 3 reasons why I do n't give it 5 stars :1 -RRB- It has a flimsy feel to it ... so you have to fold gently when switching between SD and USB modes .2 -RRB- When in USB mode , it is too easy to accidentally shove it in a USB port upside down .3 -RRB- Included key ring case opens too easily -LRB- card can drop out easily -RRB- Even with the slight downfalls , it has been very reliable and extremely versatile , and I have been very happy with this device . I have not had any problems with it being recognized by any of my devices ... and I often switch this card between my work laptop -LRB- Windows XP -RRB- and my home computer -LRB- Windows Vista -RRB- -LRB- each has an SD slot -RRB- and my friends ' computers that usually only have USB . I also switch it between my Garmin Nuvi 660 GPS , Kodak v610 EasyShare camera , my Minolta Z-2 camera , my Sea-Life underwater camera , and my RCA Lyca MP3 player with ease.NOTE
 Convenient little SD cards . Never again having to worry about carrying a card reader or USB cable . I just had to pick-up one of these after purchasing the 512MB version for a friend to use with a Nikon S7C . No noticeable write speed slow down -LRB- compared to a Lexar 133x -RRB- when used with a Nikon D80 . There is one little nagging bit that some may find too annoying to continue using . Despite the car being completely snapped into place , the edges of the fold must be getting caught somewhere inside the D80 SD slot . Rather than popping straight out , it gets caught and you have to wiggle it ever so softly in order to get it to come out smoothly .
 I own a Canon S2IS and an S3IS . The burst modes and video capture in my cameras can quickly fill a card . At this price for 2GB , I could not resist . Though I own the 1GB Extreme III version of the Sandisk SD card , I have noticed no speed difference in the performance of the cameras . I also use the 1GB version of the Ultra II SD Plus USB and the USB plug comes in very handy when you are away from home and want to transfer photos to another computer . This SD card virtually eliminates the need for a card reader . I still use a card reader for routine data transfers because the flap is small and I have big fingers . I could see how some people might be worried about breaking the card or the flap cover but mine has been quite durable over the past year . I have to push it quite hard when inserting the card into my Mac 's USB port but neither of my Ultra II cards have sufferred any cracks or damage . The Extreme III card does seem to upload to my Mac slightly faster than the Ultra II but the difference is marginal . This speed is only evident when I am uploading multiple large files with lots of Video ! I compared the Extreme III and Ultra II in my Canon 20D and still no difference in speed . Other reviewers have noted that the card is wider and might get stuck in the camera . I have not had this problem and use this card in my four Canons . I also tried this out in a variety of other ultra compact and SLR digital cameras without any problems . Perhaps the flap was not closed all the way ??? In any event , the convenience of the built in USB plug can not be overstated and makes this card design a real winner !
 So far , I love it ! I wanted something that would n't add bulk to my purse yet could act as a flash drive and I found it in this SD card . -LRB- I used to have a T5 and it had a flash drive component that I missed dearly -RRB- Only gripes that I may foresee is that it is a relatively delicate product . There is potential for breakage if you are not a detailed oriented and careful person . It is definitely not a tough and sturdy product . I own a Palm TX and it is compatible and have not any problems with it . Good product . Good price .
 This is the best little gadget I 've gotten in awhile . Completely eliminates the need for USB cables or a card reader . Heck , you can even replace your keychain flash drive with this baby ! 2GB of space and super-fast upload and shutter speeds . I use it with my new Canon SD1000 and could n't be happier . I 've recommended it to everyone I know ! Plus , the price on Amazon is just amazing . Buy one - you definitely will NOT regret it !
 I saw this and thought I would gamble as this small a device with USB plug just had to be `` flimsy '' but it was n't . Its solid when broken in half for plugging into the usb and it plugs in firm as well . someone else mentioned a speed issue which I did n't notice but I was n't holding a clock to it iether.I bought this for my new treo 700w and it works great , very simple no software smooth as silk !
 It 's a great card , seems fast to me although I 'm not packing it as full as some of the other reviewers seem to be . I use it in a Canon S3 IS , lets me take picture after picture at the highest size and quality without ever having to worry about running out of space , though I always transfer the images to my computer as soon as I can so the card is completely empty the next time I use it . Some people have said it seems fragile/brittle , but it seems about as sturdy as any normal sd card to me and I have n't ever felt like I 'd break it . Another issue I heard from some people is that it seems to get stuck in their camera , mine pops in and out of my camera with no problem at all.All in all it 's everything I expected it to be , works great , no problems , a good purchase in my opinion .
 This is absolutely the easiest way for me to carry around my data . I have this in my treo 680 at all times and it allows me to edit documents on my phone and then just pop it into a computer to get full access . This is a great product !!!
 This product rocks . Wish I found out about it sooner . Fast transfer rates , works like a charm in USB ports . Have n't had a USB port that did n't accept this baby quickly and easily . Seems to hold up well to opening and closing without breaking too .
 5 Stars ! Finally Great Innovation.I love my little flash drive . It fits in my Treo then pops out with no need for ejection -LRB- mostly -RRB- and pops right into a computers USB slot . Of course I have to eject it from the computer after it has mounted and I have saved stuff to it , but If I 'm just reading or copying files from it I just pull it right out and back into my phone and away I go ! No more little USB stick drives !
 This is the greatest computer accessory since the mouse . I 'll never buy a camera that does n't use SD cards and it would n't make sense to ever buy another SD card that wo n't fold in half and plug directly into a USB port like this one does . I do n't have to take cords or card readers when I travel , and I can transfer pictures directly into ANY computer . I bet it 's also the smallest USB jump drive on the market and it seems to be sturdy enough to carry around in your pocket with coins and stuff . It comes with a keychain case to protect it if you 're worried about spilling a drink on it or whatever .
 USB functionality in an SB card . Keeps up with my Canon S3IS 6mp camera at 1.2 pictures / second.I think the hinge is durable enough . . others thought it was flimsy , but I think it is more to do with technique . Do n't try to hard . Open it in a smooth `` natural '' motion and it comes easy . Fight with it and it seemingly fights back .
 I purchase these cards for cameras and Palm PDA 's because I can leave the transfer cables at home on a trip . I also recommend the speed of the Ultra II line , which comes at a reasonable price . But it is very sharp to pop one of these cards out of a PDA or camera and use as an emergency USB thumb drive . I would recommend these cards to anyone .
 I do n't know how many times I 've taken the SD card out of my camera and downloaded pictures for friends onto their PC 's . All I had to do was use the USB side and thats it . NO WIRES . Before I would have to carry my USB cable with me . That was n't the most ideal way to go . I do n't know why they do n't make all SD cards with this USB function . If price is an issue think about buying an SD card for your camera and a USB for yourself . Thats how I looked at it and I ended up saving money . This SD card comes with a slim carrying case that attach 's to your key chain . So thats how I carry mine . Best SD card on the market .
 2GB , great price , USB adapter built right in . What 's not to like ? Nothing but good to say about this product . My one concern was that the part that flips down to allow the USB part to plug in would be flimsey . Nope . Feels sturdy to me , like it was designed to last . I would recommend this to anyone .
 I 've loved the SD Plus USB cards since they came out - I have one in my Treo , one in my camera and I just bought another one for my daughter 's camera . Say goodbye to USB cables and card readers !
 This card is just great , I love how I can just take it out of my camera & hook it directly to the PC , so I do n't have to go around with the camera 's USB cable.I use it with the Canon PowerShot SD750 , it gives me 1016 photos with the highest quality & 3250 photos with the postcard setting.It 's great !
 The main feature on these speakers is that they can be USB-powered ; no power outlet needed ! They work seamlessly on my iMac using OS X 10.5 . These Pleomax speakers give pretty decent volume ; I can get it pretty loud now in my 22 ' x 13 ' living room -LRB- probably ~ 50 % louder than the iMac built-in speakers -RRB- . You ca n't really increase the bass output or tweak the graphic EQ much , so not really recommended for people who care about music that much.In case it 's not clear from the product page , these guys are about 5 '' high and pretty heavy , so they stay put on a desk . Solid construction , but nothing special .
 Despite their small size -LRB- 4.5 h '' * 2.5 w '' -RRB- and low power -LRB- 0.4 watt -RRB- the Samsung Pleomax PSP-7000XB USB Crystal 2.0-Channel Speakers sound output is quite loud and good quality.These speakers plenty powerful enough for tv , games , and music for most people , though as a previous reviewer stated they have very little bass and I doubt they 'd be loud enough if you would like to be able to hear music throughout your whole house.I setup our old computer as an secondary tv but I needed better speakers so I tried these . When I first took them out of the box I did n't think they would be powerfully enough because they were so small but they produced surprisingly loud and good quality sound.These speakers are also very portable because they use very little power and they receive both there sound and power from one USB port making them great laptop speakers.Though they clam to produce virtual 7.1 I did n't notice much difference when this was turned on or off but you might have to be in a very small room for this to work.The included USB audio program can boost the volume up to 12dB with out any distortion -LRB- you can do this by clicking the digital volume button in the USB 3D Sound Configuration menu and moving the two volume sliders to +12 dB -RRB- . Also you can use the 7.1 virtual surround sound with headphones -LRB- and it sounds better with headphones then it does with the speakers -RRB- by plugging your headphones in to the speakers ' USB adapter , going in to the USB 3D Sound Configuration menu , switching the USB audio program to headphone mode , and turning down the speaker volume by clicking the digital volume button and moving the two volume sliders to -20 dB .
 Just got the speakers and hooked it up to my vista laptop and it worked immediately without the need to install additional drivers -LRB- windows might have done it in the background -RRB- . The sound is awesome ! Had expected flattish sounds from these two speakers but it is rich ! Very happy with the purchase :-RRB- Volume is loud too and I could hear the music clearly from the living room with speakers hooked up in the study -RRB- .
 Early delivery and great pricing . Speakers are good looking , great sound and small size . Could n't be more pleased .
 Suprisingly nice sound - very clear with good treble and weak bass -LRB- they 're no boom box -RRB-
 These speakers are great . They are nice looking and compact , and they offer great sound quality . I bought them mainly for volume , since my laptop 's speakers are n't very loud . They add a great deal of volume while maintaining a high level of sound quality .
 Once you get over the product packaging , user manual and labeling ; which all had a decidedly foreign feel , the speakers themselves sound great . They sound much better when connected through USB 2.0 than they do on USB 1.0 -LRB- although this too is passable -RRB- . For the price they are a welcomed upgrade to the quality and power of standard laptop speakers . If I had one suggestion , it would be that the speakers come with a standard USB connection , instead of requiring a somewhat clunky adapter . However , for the price , I can understand why they went this way .
 Nothing spectacular about the sound . It 's adequate . ca n't expect too much bass from such a small size.It uses USB cable , so no power cord is needed .
 I wanted some small speakers to use with my laptop but I was so surprised with the great surround sound produced from these tiny one watt speakers .
 very impressed with these speakers . for usb powered , they are very good.other reviews that are not impressed would not be happy with anything.these are great for the money .
 The sound is crystal , they emulate via software -LRB- in usb plug -RRB- a 7.1 channel home theatre.Indicated for who have a notebook or little space in the desktop.Very nice product.The magnet is heavy and robust !
 MY SPEAKERS CAME PROMPTLY AS USUAL , AND AFTER 2 MONTHS ARE PERFECT FOR MY LAPTOP . THEY ARE WELL MADE AND A GREAT DEAL .
 This product is so incredible and sounds like you are in a theater . I would suggest to anyone to buy these speakers . You wo n't regret it !
 OK so really it 's my first and only scanner . I bought it not knowing anything about scanning and was pluggin ' away both conventional and trunked in a matter of hours . Very cool ! Easy to use and a great buy . A great feature is the alpha tags on the frequencies so you can tell what is being broadcasted . I just wish it were digital . But you have to pay $ 350 more for that .
 THIS IS AN UNBELIEVABLE ITEM AS ITS CAPCITY AND LINKING CAPABILITIES ARE FAR BEYOND THE POSSIBLE USE OF A SINGLE PERSON . YET PRICED TO FIT JUST ABOUT ANY ENTUSIAST BUDGET . I HAVE ONE AND CAN NOT BELIEVE THE POTENTIAL AND POWER IT HAS . I RECOMMEND IT FOR AN INTERMEDIATE OR ADVANCE USER .
 THIS HAS GOT TO BE THE BEST BARGAIN FOR ANY SCANNER !! THIS TECHNOLOGICAL WONDER BRINGS TO THE USERS HANDS A WORLD WIDE POTENTIAL HITTING EVERYBAND FOR EVERY DEVICE TRANSMITTING IN HIS IMMEDIATE COVERAGE AREA . 1000 CHANNELS TO PROGRAM IS AMAZING AS IT IS POSSIBLE TO REACH AFTER SEVERAL MONTHS OF CONTINUOUS USE AS WELL AS THE INTEREST . FROM POLICE FIRE EMS LOCAL GOVERNMENT EVEN THE CIA AND SECRET SERVICE THAT ARE RIGHT UP FRONT WITH THE PRESIDENT ARE PROGRAMABLE AND SCANABLE . tHIS dUAL tRUNKING ABILITY AND mZH HITTING WELL OVER THE USUAL 900 THIS IS THE ABSOLUTE BEST BUY FOR THESE CAPABILITIES . i HAVE ONE AND LOVE IT .
 This item is interesting , it is very nice for an HTPC , but it does have some limitations . . I spent a while trying to get it to work , it requires the imon software on the non-media center remote setting . It works pretty well but has short range , the LCD screen also will occasionally look weird and remains that way until I actually shut the power supply down to purge all voltage for a few minutes , simple reboot or shutdown does n't kill all the power to it . This issue has only happened twice in 3 months so not too terribly upsetting but it is annoying . Connecting and routing the wiring through the drive bay was also a bit of a pain but most HTPCs are designed for smaller fit so that is pretty normal.There are not a ton of alternatives in this market space , I paired it with GD01 aluminum case and it looks great , kind of inconvenient to have the drawer down but I still think it looks and functions better than their case with essentially the same display/receiver put in a hole on the left side instead since I can close the right side and hide the display and optical drive completely.Overall it has added some interesting and fun features to my HTPC and if you are on the fence about it you might as well get it .
 this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an iPod but considering the fact that , going to buy a PMP in near future , decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become : creative zen n200-Shuffle-NWe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became N200 because of low price and featured-pack package , but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie : NW-E103 cause it has the nearest price to N200 and never go back.and now my expressions : after i got it , i must say it is very beautiful and stylish -LRB- i picked the one with Orange color -RRB- to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you , it IS excellent.and for the software side you can either Drag & Drop ; by updating mp3 file manager to v. 2 . o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful UI you can with a little effort import all your library and -LRB- you must rearrenge it -RRB- and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space , wich i find very nice and useful , you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression.the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and Hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars.over all very happy to buy it and recommend it .
 The 256mg NW is perfect to put your workout cd 's on and do your thing . I use it for walking at lunch at work and doing stuff around the house . Pick your favorite 15 or so cd 's , load it in your computer and have a great time . The software is extremely easy to use . The sound is beautiful & it is lightweight . The only complaint I would have is that a strap was not included , BUT it does have a place to connect a strap or lanyard . You can buy the armband for $ 14 at Wal-Mart . If you 're not techno-savvy or into downloading music all day and just want something to put your favorite tunes on without all the wweight of a cd or tape player , this is PERFECT ! Plus , it 's a very reasonable price for Sony quality when the knockoff 's cost more than this !!
 I thought this MP3 Player was worthy of the WALKMAN brand . I was just a little disapponted that it did n't hold more songs , and the volume control was hard to adjust sometimes , but it was still worth the money !
 I purchased this item for my daughter . I was very happy with the easy set-up of the software to record music and the ease at which it recorded . I expect her to enjoy it very much when we give it to her for her birthday . I also was very happy with the low price .
 I have had this MP3 player for a week now and I am really happy with it . It is feather-weight , sounds excellent , display is great and battery indicator is still at 100 % . It can also be used as a USB device to carry data files . My only irritation -LRB- and the reason for 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- is the requirement to use Sony 's Sonic Stage to tranfer files to it .
 Sony calls this new line of flash-based , coin-like -LRB- but they are thick coins ! -RRB- MP3/ATRACT players the Psycs , and their new-age styling does psyc you out . Which is not a bad thing , as they are more euro-cool than the rather bland and boring iPod and the downright butt-ugly iRiver . The more I look at the Psyc , the more I like its looks.The new Psyc MP3 player features 512MB of flash memory , which is great for those of you jogger jocks out there . You can shake this thing violently and it wo n't skip a beat , unlike those hard drive-based players . Before you insert an AAA battery , the Psyc weighs in at an amazingly light 0.9 oz . -- that 's right , folks , it 's less than an ounce ! With the AAA battery , my guess is it 's about 2 oz . It 's very small although , relatively speaking , it looks a little thick . -LRB- About 0.75 in . at its thickest part . -RRB- What , you ask , it uses an AAA battery ? Yes my friend , and this one AAA alkaline battery can power the player up to 70 hours ! That 's almost three full days of continuous playing . The phrase `` up to '' here means that in order to get all 70 hours of playing , you must 1 -RRB- play ATRAC3Plus songs encoded at 48kbps and 2 -RRB- do not press buttons or do random play -LRB- i.e. , just leave the player playing sequentially -RRB- . In the real life we like to skip a song , fast forward , random play -LRB- a.k.a. shuffle play -RRB- , turn it on and off and on and off , and most importantly , we play MP3 songs . All these operations reduce the battery life . Given my experience with previous Sony MP3 players , my estimate is one good AAA battery should last you 40 hours or more . -LRB- With my beloved Sony NW-HD3 , I routinely get the advertised battery life of 30 hours even when playing MP3 files . -RRB- Of course , the use of AAA means you get an abundant and ready supply of cheap power source , and you can trek in the Amazon for weeks on end without having to worry about finding an AC outlet.The Psyc , which comes in three colors -LRB- green and blue for the 512MB version , and orange for the 256MB version -RRB- , has a nice backlit LCD screen , so you always know what you are playing as opposed to having to guess as on some other certain MP3 player . It plays MP3 as well as Sony 's ATRAC songs . If you are an ATRAC fan you 'll like the sound quality of this little player ; it 's at least as good as Sony 's MD players . For MP3 's , the sound quality is a bit `` muffled '' compared to my NW-HD3 20GB player , but still quite good if you pair it with a good pair of headphones -LRB- i.e. , ditch the stock earphones -RRB- . Sony still has a long , long way to go in the user interface department , as this has always been its weakness , whether it 's digital music or digital video or anything else . The Psyc is not hard to use ; its basic functions are no-brainers . But , for anything beyond play/pause/skip , its interface , whether on the unit itself or on the PC transfer side , is still not polished and was clearly designed for a Japanese audience -- Japanese consumers reportedly love to play with complicated gadgets ; no surprise given how elaborate sushi-making and origami are . We American consumers like things that are elegant and simple , and Sony has a lot of room for improvement in this regard.In short , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed in the new Psyc flash-based MP3 players . They are stylish and lightweight and lasts forever on cheap AAA batteries . They have good sound quality and are priced right . Just be prepared to spend some time with the manual and experimenting a little . If you are stuck , you are welcome to e-mail me at gadgester @t hotmail with your questions .
 The unit is small , light , and easy to use . The faceplate/button combo has a firm feel to it with no sloppiness . The only thing I am a little disappoined in is that I can only fit 133 songs on the unit , but for the price , I can live with it . I can live with it just fine . One more point ; The AAA battery gives all the time promised and then some . Overall , I love it !
 This MP3 player is so cool . It 's tiny and it has awsome sound quality . It is also very durable . I 've dropped it so many times , but there are still no scratches and it function properly . I would ditch the headphones that came with it though . They have bad sound quality and they are very uncomfertable . This devise can store over 300 songs when it is at its lowest quality , but even that sounds great . Why get an Ipod mini ? It costs over twice as much , and you will probably never use all of the space that is provided . Not to mention that the sony looks cooler and is much smaller .
 I currently own this product and in a few mins I am ordering another one !! We had 2 `` other '' brands prior to the Sony ... this is my far the best !! Its lightweight ... small -LRB- like an oreo cookie -RRB- only uses one battery that lasts forever !! And its easy to use ! It most certainly downloads music off the internet , you do n't have to download only from the disk !!! I uses Ares for my music ... no problems ! Perhaps those who can not read the manual should ask a kid to do it for them . Not to be mean , it 's just that my kid was the one who figured out how to do it ! LOL . For the price its perfect !! Its user friendly ! Highly recommend for the kids ... its a tuff little bugger !!! Be careful because a lot of mp3 's out there do not take music off the internet ... but this one does ! Who needs an iPod ??? Besides people think iPods are so wonderful -LRB- huh -RRB- that people get beat up for them ... ugh . . duh ! Play it safe and get a Sony Psyc !!!!
 I had been planning on buying an ipod for a while , but didnt have the money . with the shuffle now out , i was ready to go . but i came across the sony network walkman and decided to give it a try , and it has been worth it . my roomate has a 512 shuffle and has about 100 songs on it . my sony has about 300 for the same price . also , i can go weeks with one aaa battery , he has to charge his every day . finally , the quality of his ipod is very poor . the damn thing broke when taking off the usb top and has to be jammed back in often . if you want a cheap , yet quality player , go with the sony .
 this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an iPod but considering the fact that , going to buy a PMP in near future , decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become : creative zen n200-Shuffle-NWe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became N200 because of low price and featured-pack package , but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie : NW-E103 cause it has the nearest price to N200 and never go back.and now my expressions : after i got it , i must say it is very beautiful and stylish -LRB- i picked the one with Orange color -RRB- to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you , it IS excellent.and for the software side you can either Drag & Drop ; by updating mp3 file manager to v. 2 . o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful UI you can with a little effort import all your library and -LRB- you must rearrenge it -RRB- and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space , wich i find very nice and useful , you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression.the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and Hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars.over all very happy to buy it and recommend it .
 I 've had this little player for probably 2 years now , and it 's always been a very easy to use , dependable and TOUGH little unit . Mine 's been left in the car for a week at -40 , it 's been stuck inside a hot glove compartment for days , it 's been dropped , thrown , covered in dirt , all sorts of abuse , and yet it still runs beautifully . one AAA battery can run for 50-70 hours , depending on brand . Ca n't get much better then that ! My ONLY complaint is there 's no drag & drop option , you need the program , but thats minor.As for people saying it wo n't play certain MP3s , out of all the times I 've used it , I 've only had that error on maybe 5 MP3s out of hundreds , and sometimes , just RENAMING the file so it 's only alphanumeric made it work fine . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is my second mp3 player and I love it . Before buying this one I had a Creative Micro Zen , which was amazing , but worked for only a month , then the headphone jack brake and since I did n't have the guarantee -LRB- in fact I bought it in Canada and I live in Chile -RRB- I just sold it by pieces . Then I made an extensive research and I realized that-of the people I know-the ones with Sony mp3 players were the happiest , in fact they were more satisfied than the people who owned iPods . So I bought this player.The first thing I liked about it is the small size and weight -LRB- useful -RRB- . Putting music on it it 's easy too , eventhough transforming 100 mp3 songs into atrac3plus took me like 2 hours o __ o. Anyways ... the sound it 's nice too , I have some big noise-cancelling Phillip headphones and the player works really nice with them . Oh , and a AAA battery last a lot -LRB- I bought the player on Xmas and I have n't change the battery since then ... -RRB- . So if you 're looking for a cheap player , try this one , it 's the best choice = -RRB-
 Teenagers love gadgets and this one saved the day . We bought the Sony MP3 player for Christmas -LRB- we opened early -RRB- and I set up and downloaded the 5 songs that came free with the purchase of the player . Setting up the software was a snap , and downloading the free songs was easy . Moving them over to the player took less than 2 minutes and the playback was wonderful . My son 's friend has the same player , however an older version , and his headphones are not as good as my son 's are . This player has sound volume like I never imagined such a little player would have . It 's small and fits into a shirt pocket easily . I also love that it came with all connectors and software , to include ear covers . The music can be stored in folders or individually , which helps keep things in order . The software also has the ability to transfer your current music into the network format , so you can have your favorite songs -LRB- legally purchased -RRB- converted over to the player . I love it , and more importanly , my son really loves it !
 `` Heavy Listener '' is a liar , period . This Sony `` Psyc '' MP3 player plays MP3 just fine , include VBR MP3 files . For WMA you 'll need to use SonicStage to convert it to ATRAC3Plus first ; this takes as little as 30 seconds on a fast P4 PC or as much as 3-4 minutse on a slow P3 PC for a typical song.The player is easy to use and goes on for 50-70 hours on a single regular AAA battery . Get the new Panasonic Oxyride battery -LRB- same price as regular alkalines -RRB- and you can go over 100 hours on the same battery !
 Well , I got this little dude for my birthday and by gosh by golly , it worked well . It still does , but I gave it back to the person who gave it me so they could upgrade me to a Creative Zen Micro 5 gb . They have n't filled up much if it , but they will ; - -RRB- Okay , so here 's the scoop : - Dropped it on the sidewalk . NOTHING happened ! Not even a scratch ! - Dropped it on the kitchen floor twice-Dropped it on hard carpetNone of those did ANY damage whatsoever.And okay , I wish I could use iTunes with this , but oh well , Sonicstage is okay and it compresses quite well . The sound quality is great , but if you want it to be excellent , hold the play mode button so it turns to S1 , then press it again . S2 is the best.Also , you can put it on shuffle and stuff , which all of them could do , so I 'll kinda count that out.It is pretty cheap ! A 1 gb iPod Nano , which holds less somehow , actually costs twice as much.Oh , and I love the battery life . 1 AAA battery lasts me about a month . I like that better than charging my new one.It 's got a backlight . Nothing special , but convenient nonetheless!Last , but not least , it 's TINY ! And LIGHT ! I ca n't even tell it 's in my pocket!If you do n't have a whole lot of music -LRB- 25 CD 's or so -RRB- this is perfect for you . The space was adequate for about 9 months , and it was a good 9 months .
 look this thing is perfect fro people who want quality but dont want to pay a arm and a leg for it ipod shuffle cost a little more and has no screen how am i supposed to memorize 300 songs in order to find them no im not going toimp3 players dont need a radio becuase they get horrible reception probably becuase there is no ANTENNA duuuuuuu ill just stick to a portable radio or my regular radio i dont want to listen to the radio when i got the music i acually want to listen towho needs a voice recording radio recording ec ... because mp3 players dont have any removeable parts you cant remove the recording so it is stuck in your player and all you can do is listen to it i rather have a tape so i can take it out and move it aroundyou dont really need alot of expandable memory becuase no one listens to 400 songs or more if you do then you are insane just delete songs you dont really like or trade songs back and forth when you get bored of a song but you want to keep itwe dont need video becuase if your working out or walking or sleeping ec . . then you dont want to watch some video of some kind so why pay 100 dollars more for itthe software isnt as hard as people think it does play mp3 you just need the patch i got the website for it and there is a patch for the music you can download you can get the music from a music match to and probably morethe shape is wierd and that makes it so much more great becuase you dont have to look at some ugly square or rectangle i-pod cough cough and the shape makes it so it fits in your hand perfectlyno cas that is lie look on there website they sell one it should come with one but sony is a bunch of greedy exectutivesoverall this mp3 player is the bestif you want the website for the patch to download mp3 or for diffrent downloading sites my email is hapkidoninja@yahoo.com
 I have the NW-107 and have for about 3-4 years . It is simple , easy to use , and the sound is great . The battery life is great . I go away on 10 day to 2 week vacations , and usually bring two extra batteries , and usually use the one that 's in the unit , and part of another . The reason I need a new one is that this summer , as I floated along in the pool , I got the Mp3 wet somehow , not very wet , but just enough to effect it . The battery goes dead , even when it is off . I go through a battery in a matter if 8 hours . Sad . I got a new Mp3 , but you need to charge it on the computer , which is ok , but not if you are off in the caribbean and do not have the lap top , and I am NOT bringing it just to charge my Mp3 . So , I am getting the nw-e105ps , it is the newer version of my old one , and I have my fingers crossed it is just as easy and nice !! -LRB- back in the day mine was $ 19.99 . I am sure they are exactly the same . I will check back !!!
 I do n't know why people were annoyed with this MP3 player . It has simple instructions to follow , and only 6 steps to do everything . It was easy to intall the program for it , and it transferred my music to the program , which was awsome . It was really easy to transfer my music into it , and it lets you make your own playlists , then transfer them , which is wonderful . It 's also great that you do n't have to plug it in , you just have to change the battery , which is faster and makes the MP3 last longer . I love that it 's a sony too , so I know it 'll last a long time . In short , it 's a great MP3 player !
 I rate this product + + compared to Shuffle . It has a very nice and sexy looking display . No need to say about music quality . Earplug coming with this player is of cheap quality . Would suggest for a better quality headfones .
 This Digital music player is exactlty what i 've been looking for and more . . !!!! 1
 I have had mine for about 3 mobths . It does exactly what I want it to do . I wanted it to play music in the car as I have a daily commute to work . I have a tape player in my car , so I bought a tape deck converter and play the music from the sony network walkman through the stero system of my car . The network walkman is very easy to use and the battery life is long . Just remember to turn it off ! In my case when I turn off the car , the player is still playing and I have to manually turn it off or it runs down the battery . The only thing that disappoints me about it , is now they have come out with the cutest pink/gray version . Very girly and fun !
 As non-OEM ink goes , this seems to do the job . Blacks seems to smudge a little , but so did the original .
 Received it on time . The print quality is good and perfect for documents and color printing . I still had the canon black ink and hence only used the other three . Photos looked ok too but that is not what I wanted this .
 We have encountered no problems . These ink cartrides were purchased for my wife 's printer , which is not used to print photographs . Thusfar , these cartridges have worked well and offer considerable savings . For generic use , highly recommended .
 I tried this ink because Sam 's Club stopped selling the Canon version . It works great . I have not seen any changes in color and it cost the same price as one ink cartridge from the local stores . I will buy this again .
 The ink cartridges were just as described and saved me a whole bunch of money . I use this printer for making digital hybrid paper crafting projects and so far the quality is good .
 Just make sure that you pick the right printer . Apparently , there are two types and I picked the wrong one . However , the customer service was excellent and she worked with me to get the right cartridges quickly . These people are excellent to work with and I would definitely recommend them and their product .
 I ordered Compatible Canon ink because of the price . It arrived as promised and the first cartridge works like the brand name refills . At this point I am very happy to have found this supplier and will continue to use their products .
 This PDA is designed for people who wish to use it for basic tasks that pda 's are intended for such as editing documents taking notes , and organizing your life . It also has the ability to be an mp3 player and a video device with the addition of an sd memory card -LRB- inexpensive on ebay -RRB- . While it does have a smaller amount of memory then some other PDA 's you have to remember it is an entry level device designed for what was mentioned above . Other devices cost hundreds of dollars so you are getting a basic PDA for a low price as opposed to a $ 300 PDA with more memory and capabilities such as wi-fiThat being said you can add those capabilities to this PDA . Blue tooth and wi-fi cards can be added and sd cards for increased memory . This PDA can also run all basic applications and some of the more tasking ones including games such as age of empires .
 I do n't use all the stuff that comes with this iPAQ . I use the pocket word for stuff at work and it work great . I 'm thinking of getting more of them . If the price drops just a bit more . THK `` s
 If you have a race bike with a light aluminum handle bar , it probably has a diameter of more than 25 mm . Then this mount is the one you need . It comfortably fits any handle bar with a diameter in the range of 25 to 32 mm . It comes with three rubber strips of different thickness to adjust to the proper size.It is too bad that you need to purchase this mount on top of the bicycle mount that is delivered with the special clipped backing for your Garmin . The standard mount does not fit any rail with a diameter larger than 25 mm.In my case , I switched bikes and my new bike had a wider bar . So I 'm lucky to have a mount now on both the old and new bike . But if you start from scratch , and have wide handle bar , you are faced with two purchases .
 I wanted a bike mount for my new road bike , and I thought it would be nice to also have a car mount . So , after reading the reviews here , I decided that instead of buying the bike mount , I 'd by the car mount with this adapter , and hope that the car mount bracket used the same mounting system . It does ! So now I have the car mount and the bike mount with the large rail mount .
 If you have a Garmin eTrex Vista HCx GPS , do not buy Garmin 's bike mount because it does not fit . Buy this rail mount instead to mount the GPS on a bicycle handlebar . The adapter that comes with the Vista HCx clips right in to this rail mount.Unfortunately , this mount is not as secure as the mount Garmin makes for their Edge GPS units and it only allows you to mount the GPS on your handlebar , not on the stem.There is also a small diameter version for thinner handlebars -LRB- like many mountain bikes -RRB- : Garmin Rail Mount Adapter -LRB- 010-10496-01 -RRB-
 Just a note because I found this confusing when shopping for a motorcycle mount for my Garmin eTrex Legend cx . You do not need to purchase the Garmin Bicycle Mount with this product . Just purchase this large rail mount adapter , and attach the GP mount adapter that comes in the box with your GPS device . That 's all you need . Have n't ridden with it yet , but the large Diameter Rail Mount Adapter fits my HD Dyna handlebar great . Easy to install , GPS snaps right in .
 My metric cruiser has 32mm diameter handlebars and this fit just fine . If you 're like me , you 'll want to install an additional safety strap . If you intstall it correctly , you can still access the metal hook on the back of your Garmin and run a safety strap through it and around your handlebars . The only `` real '' issue is trying to touch that tiny button on the GPS while doing 80 mph -LRB- not recommended -RRB- .
 We bought Garmin Bicycle Mount in order to be able to mount an eTrex Vista Garmin GPS onto the bike rails , but the rails turned out too thick and the mount did n't fit . This adapter solved the problem .
 Good service & quality . . On time and as advertised.Will continue to buy online due in part to the quality products & service .
 Awesome product , works perfectly . Very sturdy . I use this item for mountain biking and it is used every time I get on my bike .
 I upgraded handlebars on my MTB to 31.8 mm . This new adapter works just like the other one.Installed very easy and off I went .
 Bought a new bike that had the bigger 31mm handlebars . The small mount worked on my old bike but would not fit . This does the trick .
 I purchased this adapter to mount for my road bike handle bar . It is well constructed and comes with rubber pieces to protect your handlebars from any scratches caused by the adapter . It does require the Garmin eTrex Cx Series Mounting Clip which I happen to have misplaced from the original packaging . You can pickup another at GPSCity.com for $ 5 if needed.Just took at 55mi ride yesterday and GPS was secure and looked great thanks to this Garmin rail adapter . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 This is a good mount for Garmin GPS.It does exactly what is proposed to do.One unique screw sometimes make difficult to handle in middle of wires of my motorcycle handbar.The attachment is strong , My unique problem was about the vibration from the motorcycle makes the GPS turn off alone ! but not happened with the other bike I have ... so the problem is not he mount!go ahead ! Buy it !
 I have the Garmin Etrex Vista HCx and the auxillary mount adapter that came in the box integrated perfectly with this Garmin Rail Mount adapter -LRB- LARGE -RRB- being reviewed here . This rail mount adapter -LRB- large -RRB- allowed me to mount it on the handlebar of my mountain bike , which has a 31.9 mm diameter . In fact , if you have any modern mountain , then buy this rail mount adapter and NOT the one that Amazon suggests to bundle together with the etrex vista - specifically the Garmin eTrex Handlebar Mount Bracket , since the maximum handlebar size that this suggested mount can work with is a skinny 25.4 mm handlebar . So , if you want to mount your GPS on your stout mountain bike handles , then buy the Garmin Rail Mount adapter -LRB- LARGE -RRB- Oh yeah - the fit is snug and solid and does n't rattle around while you are riding the trail , path , or those mean streets .
 I have bought 4 of these mounts so I can use the same Garmin gps on 3 bicycles and my boat . One of them is 6 years old and as good as new .
 I have this mount on my Vulcan 1600 for the map10 . It works Great !!! but . . The vibration killed the GPS unit after 29,560 miles , about 3 years.Thats why I 'm looking for something new now . Sturgis , S.D. is next month and I live in Fla. about 4,000 mi . Good Luck !!
 For serious riders who have more than one bike this is perfect . My touring bike has the smaller diameter handlebar while my road bike has the larger diameter handlebar . I needed two adapters but only one mount . Great price too !
 This mount works great on my larger tube mountain bike handlebar . Unit is rock solid on there . Great to have the unit so visible while riding in the backcountry .
 If you are looking for an aesthetically and aurally pleasing solution to hanging left , center and right speakers on a wall , the Infinity TSS 3 in 1 LCR Speaker is for you.I recently had to mount a plasma tv on the wall above a fireplace . Having three speakers surrounding the TV did n't seem like the most optimal solution to me since it made the fireplace area look to busy with speakers poking out everywhere . I then discovered that Infinity had created a sound bar that incorporated the left , center and right channels on one bar . All you had to do was mount it above or below the flat screen.Although it was a visually appealing solution , I feared that having the all the front channel speakers in the same enclosure may lessen the sound separation coming out from the different channels . However , when I tested it , all my fears were put to rest . With the pedigree from a highly lauded audio manufacturer , the Infinity TSS 3 in 1 filled my living room with movie theater quality sound . You can tilt the speaker to aim it directly at you.A few things to note . 1 . -RRB- The package did not come with mounting screws . You will need to get toggle bolts to anchor it securely to the wall . The Infinity TSS 3 in 1 is heavy . If mounted improperly , the speaker will come crashing down . 2 . -RRB- It comes with a stand , so if you do n't want to hang it on a wall , you have an option.The TSS line from Infinity has surround sound options as well if you wanted your surrounds to match the front speakers.Lastly , I purchased this speaker from one of the Amazon Marketplace vendors , Wholesale AV . I usually stay away from these Marketplace vendors since a lot of Amazon customers have had bad experiences with them . I , myself , have had a bad experience with a Marketplace vendor . However , Wholesale AV has gotten a lot of great feedback and I took a chance on them -LRB- and I really wanted this item-not a lot of online vendors offer this particular speaker at this price -RRB- . I 'm happy to say that my experience with them has been excellent . The first speaker they sent me was defective . They quickly responded to my email and sent me an RA number with prepaid UPS return postage . Within a few days , I had the replacement unit . Although the transaction itself was n't smooth , Wholesale AV worked hard to make sure I had the item I wanted in the fastest time possible . Excellent customer service . Excellent item !
 This converter was used daily in Russia for about 3 hours over a 3 week period . It came with extra fuses but none were necessary . It performed flawlessly as expected .
 The gameplay draws you in , some aspects of it are confusing though . I advise as this may be your first time playing that you actually read the manual that comes with the game ! I know , its crazy , but in order to get the most possible enjoyment out of the game it is a must.The graphics are spectacular , if your has the recommended specs for the game . On my system the game runs like a dream , and my computer is a year and a half old . The bugs noticed in the previous review are not present.Configuring your ships for the missions is fun and takes some skill , but even if you dont get it right you can restart the mission , which I have had to do on multiple occasions . The game also has a mod creator so if you dont like the story line you can just build your own story . But the in game story line is pretty good , although not at all what I expected . Well if it was what I expected then the creators would n't have done their job.I was afraid when I first started it up that it was going to be like X-2 The Threat , bad dialog and everything , but it actually has decent grammar and realistic dialog . And you do n't get the ` I 've just been caught watching Full House ' embarassed feeling when someone sees you playing it . The game also has a built in tutorial so going in blind isnt totally overwhelming.In other words , this game will slowly begin eating away your time until one day you wake up , find yourself in your parents basement , your significant other has left you , and you smell pretty bad . So get it already and the above life can be yours !
 I have played Homeworld and Homeworld 2 , so I was hungry for more in the same genre . I must admit that I never expected any game to top those two , but Nexus did so hands down ! This game is very possibly the best single-player RTS game I have EVER played . The graphics are STUNNING . When you consider how old the game is , I do n't know how they did it . This game 's graphics are way better than the first Homeworld , and frankly even prettier than the second . And where the Homeworld games had a two-dimensional plot and disappointing cinematics , this game totally delivered.This game 's plot is one of the major selling points . It is sophisticated , with realistic voice-acted dialogue and hilarious supplementals from the captain 's log that you can choose to read if you want to . There are dozens of awesome cinematic sequences , and the plot twists in all kinds of different directions . It actually makes you want to beat each level just to see what happens next in the plot , which is rare in a video game . The gameplay was fun , too ... navigation is n't nearly as complicated as it was in the Homeworld series , which frees you up to focus on a whole array of other unique features , like disabling specific systems on enemy vessels and trying to decide whether you want to lob nukes from afar or rush in for the close-range torpedo kill . Designing your ships ' systems is the most difficult -LRB- but also the most rewarding -RRB- aspect of the game . A well-balanced fleet will make you the victor ; poor planning , however , could cripple your chances of pulling through . Thankfully you get enough money to undo any real mistakes you might make along the way.The one thing this game is lacking is a strong multiplayer mode . But if that does n't bother you , you will REALLY enjoy this game . Five stars , for sure !
 Just ordered another Axis 207 camera to add to our 25 camera security system . Have not had any issues with these cameras in the two years of service . These cameras are good in low light and offer a good wide angle picture.I noticed they have updated the firmware on the last few we purchased . A few more picture settings and control over network functions -LRB- bandwidth , FTP , etc -RRB- Much better than the couple Axis 206 cameras we have .
 I purhcased my Axis 207 camera about 2 years ago . I mainly got it as a home monitoring device and as a way to keep an eye on the dogs while I was gone during the day . This product has been amazing . It was a little tricky to install , but the Axis customer service people are wonderful and very helpful . When I had trouble registering with the DNS service , the customer service folks worked with me until the issue was completely resolve.The installation of these devices is not for the faint of heart - installation is tricky and you have to be prepared with a bit of time and patience . That being said , I recently moved and re-installed the camera completely SOLO at my new residence -LRB- no customer service -RRB- . There is a learning curve involved for those of us who know nothing about home networking.But about the camera itself - the image is crystal clear and you can use different settings to pick up sound as well . The camera has been extremely reliable . Once you 've gone through the basic set up , it only requires that you leave your internet on at all times -LRB- computer can be turned off -RRB- . This is a basic stationary camera so it ca n't pan or do anything fancy . However , in my home , I 've found that it provides a nice shot of our living room and front entrance , which is where I most want to be able to see things during the day.I 've had the camera for 2 years and it has held up very well . The best part of this device , by far , is the customer support you get when you make the purchase .
 The Axis 0235-004 Network Camera is the best camera I 've ever tested . I ca n't say enough good things about this camera . I 've tried other , less expensive cameras , and have always been disappointed with them , both operational-wise and software-wise . Other cheap cameras -LRB- Gadspot comes to mind -RRB- , lock up after a day or so , have a grainy quality to the image , and sometimes the colors and hue are off.This Axis camera has NEVER locked up -LRB- probably due to the built-in Linux operating system -RRB- , has a great quality picture , even in near-darkness . Some people complain that the focus ring on the camera breaks off . I have never had to touch the focus ring , so I have n't experienced that problem.This is a small network camera that does amazing things , including encoding both JPEG video and MPEG4 video . You can even have it automatically upload a photo to an FTP server if it detects movement . It can also email you a photo attachment.If you 'd like to see my camera , paste this link into your browser :[ ... -RSB- Use the word guest as both the username and password.This camera is inside my garage window , between the mini-blinds and the glass , so you can see the mini-blind reflection in the picture , sorry . The camera is n't water-proof , so I did n't want to put it outside . But you can see the quality there.It makes a great addition to a home alarm system .
 This is a very well designed network camera that is fairly easy to set up and use . I followed the directions in a MacAddict Magazine -LRB- now MacILife -RRB- Article -LRB- November , 2006 -RRB- . I had the camera up and running in a very short time . The main problem with setting up a camera like this on the web is my DSL IP address changes . This is solved by using a DynDNS updater that is explained in the article . The Axis technical support people were easily accessible and helpful for the one minor problem I encountered in setting up the unit .
 Use these for screen protectors on my Blackberry and kids Gameboys . They work great , and seem to last very well.Great cheap insurance to protect any small screen you need to keep scrathes off of -LRB- camera , phone , PS2 , etc. . -RRB-
 Great to have and was easy and simple to put on . Such a good thing I added one to my ipod to . I hate fingerprints on anything .
 I 've used these on my Canon A590 2.5 '' LCD . There are 3 sheets in the package along with wet and dry cleaning wipes.They must be cut to fit . You can get up to 4 per sheet if your screen is 2.2 '' -LRB- diagonal -RRB- or less , 2 per sheet up to 2.4 '' and 1 per sheet up to 4.5 '' . Easy to apply and use and no awful color patterns as I 've seen in some others . I 've also used the Premium Ultra Clear on my 3 '' Rebel XSI lcd and they work well too . seePremium Ultra Clear Reusable 3.0 '' / 3.0-Inch Digital Camera LCD Screen Protector with Lint Cleaning Cloth for CANON EOS REBEL XSI , 40D , POWERSHOT G9 SD750 , SD790 , SD870 , KODAK EASYSHARE M1033 , M883 , NIKON L18 , S51 , S51c , S52 , S52C , D300 , OLYPUS FE-350 , ...
 This is a nice product to have for electronics . I used it for my camera and my gps and it worked well .
 Best value for taking pictures like those of a full the moon!Litle bit heavy , so use a good tripod , but I have had great results!I 've tried to included a picture taken with this lens but had no luck.On my experience the box in which it was packaged , was not as good as it should have been so once you recive it , make sure to find the T-mount inside .
 I was pleased with the capabilities of this lense for the cost versus the costs of a comprable zooming lense from other makers . It was a good buy for the money and even though it takes a little finess to make it work the way I want it was better than paying thousands of dollars .
 I used these speakers to replace the speakers in the rear deck of my Civic . The customer service of Crutchfield -LRB- the actual vendor -RRB- was very helpful with this . They are so many levels better than the original speakers , and at some point I may decide to get some more Kicker speakers to replace the one in the doors.Unless you are a huge fanatic and are looking to get the best speakers around , these will definitely be better than stock speakers , and at a good price .
 Product works exactly as expectected!Was described accurately , packaged well , and arrived quickly.Does not get any better than that .
 Most of our cables were 1/4 to 1/4 connections . The mixers and other equipment had speakon connections.So , we were able to use our cables withou purchasing new ones .
 I needed this to convert a 1/4 inch to speakon and it did the trick just fine . Seems to be well made .
 Neutrik speakon to 1/4 inch speaker cable adaptor
 Hey this worked out great . . good quality product connectors and did n't have to leave the house to finish setting up our recording accessories .
 Speaker cables are expensive . So , if you upgrade your amp or speakers , do you want to HAVE to buy all new cables ? I sure did n't . I picked up a pair of these , and I was really impressed by the quality . They are rock solid , and they work perfectly . Gigging is tough on musical equipment , and gear is expensive , so no one wants to rely on cheap plastic parts that break after 2 shows . These are sturdy , heavy , and pretty solid . I 'm happy I picked up a pair , and I 'm even happier that these cost a fraction of what new cables would have run me .
 Neutrik NA4LJX Speakon to 1/4 Inch Female Adapter , these were much needed , and worth the wait for . They let me to connect to everything i have , and use .
 I wanted an adaptor that was one piece and not a cable . This fit the bill . No problems at all with it .
 This item is a life saver . We all have miles of 1/4in cord around . This makes it easy to use all the old cords with the new Speakon plugs that everything seems to have .
 The perfect item for those of us that are switching from 1/4 '' to Speakon.Also great to keep in our `` gizmo '' boxes along with all the other adapters & turn-arounds that we may occasionally need
 it works as seen , a good product at a good price!works in tight places and has good contact which makes it stronger
 The Neutrik NA4LJX Speakon to 1/4 inch female works just fine . Seems to be well made and it 's nice that this item is available , otherwise I would have had to buy all new cables ... and would have had to spend way more than the cost of the adapters . The only thing to keep in mind is it extends the plug out about 11/2 inches so be sure you have that additional space .
 This is a must if you like keeping cords uncut ... I have so many 1/4 inch cables that I just wanted a quick fix , and these did it !!!! 5 stars : -RRB-
 This is what I need it to connect my Behringer sound board with the 1/4 audio cables to the stage speakers .
 I needed to get an amplifier that had speakon output to work with speakers that had 1/4 input , so I bought a few of these . They worked perfectly with no problems whatsoever .
 nice and compact , no lose wire to deal with , no risk of lossing connections it 's all there in one pice .
 As with all Neutrik products , this adapter is built very well and performs its job without any issues . This is an improved model over previous speakon adapters and the improvements show . Highly recommend .
 Bought this to replace Neutrik to 1/4 '' adapter that had about a foot of cable running to the 1/4 '' adapter . Like this product much better . It is more durable and should last much longer .
 I just bought an Orange Terror Bass 500 and the only outputs are speakon . Now , speakon cables are not cheap and I already owned a couple strong 1/4 '' speaker cables . This Neutrik adapter is the most affordable solution . It works perfectly with my Orange Terror . So far , I have not noticed any loss of quality or signal strength using this adapter .
 Just what I wanted . Everything I expected . Got here quick . Great price . Thanks !
 Item arrived earlier than expected , and it good working order . Exactly what I was looking for , no issues .
 It 's an adapter . Not much to comment on other than the company sent out the product in a timely manner . It works like it should .
 Got a new power amp . Needed Speakon cables.Got the adapter . Now I just use my old 1/4 inch cables.Since I have other devices that only use 1/4 &#34; cables , this is the most viable solution for me.I just leave them attached to my amp.BTW , I color coded my cables so that I do n't loop the output - again .
 These wipes are great for cleaning TVs , monitors , eyeglasses , and almost anything glass or plastic . They do not streak , dry quickly , and are very nearly lint free . I have used them to ` clean ' DVDs that paused during playback with success . Other similar products I have tried seemed to dry out quickly once the container was opened , these seem not to .
 In response to the reviewer claiming that these wipes are `` streaky : '' It seems that their expectation was for the type of effect produced by a microfiber polishing cloth . A clean -LRB- washed -RRB- microfiber cloth can remove light film and some fingerprints from non-porous -LRB- hard -RRB- surfaces , but I have come to the conclusion that it is best used for what it is intended for - to polish , not to clean.These Weiman wipes are very moist and wo n't dry out in the box . You need this moisture to dissolve crud , films , oils , and splatter . How many times did you reach for a wipe realizing it 's too dry to clean the surface at hand ? This wo n't happen with Weiman wipes and you will be thankfull every time . Particularly for oils on porous plastics -LRB- i.e. fingerprint on top covers of some laptops -RRB- , you will need to work a folded wipe in gentle circles . If the surface was particularly soiled , use a second wipe to pick up the remainder of the now dissolved soils . Unfold the wipe and let it dry for a minute so that you now have only half the moisture as before . Fold to an unused portion and use it to polish the finish . You can also use your microfiber cloth at this stage , which I recommend , but most times find it unnecessary .
 When i first got these wipes , they worked beautifully . No streaks . I have used it on lcd , dlp , and plasma screens . But now these wipes have dryed out and not so useful .
 I just bought these at Walmart and they work awesome . They are very wet , but they dry incredibly fast and leave no streaks . I used them both on my computer monitor and my 55 '' TV .
 Unbelievable quality for the price . These are the brightest and most powerful pair I could find well within my price range . Beware though , they are almost too powerful . So much so that they are hard to hold steady . We use them here on the coast to look out to the horizon . They 're probably not what you want for bird watching in your back yard . I bought a second pair for my son 's boat .
 This binocular is great !! Although the magnification is little overkill compared to its aperture . It is great for terrestrial viewing . View of Moon is fabulous . I tried to spot Orion Nebula . I could spot it but I could n't see any clouds . Actually I hardly see the nebula cloud with my 4 '' telescope also . Tripod is a must in order to use this binocular . It is compact . Maybe 15x70 is a better buy for more wide field viewing of night sky . You really do n't need 20x to view deep sky objects . Rather you need low magnification -LRB- wide view -RRB- and bigger aperture . Still at $ 70 it is a great buy ! I am very happy .
 I picked up these binoculars refurbished for $ 50 . What a great deal ! They have replaced my not-so-old Bushells . I am very happy with the feel of them as well as the depth and clarity . Definitely need a tripod adapter when trying to view the heavens . That 's next on my list !
 We did a lot of research into various small telescopes and binoculars before deciding to buy the `` Galileo 20x60 Binoculars '' . We already ownCelestron SkyMaster Giant 15x70 Binoculars w/Tripod Adapterand the Galileo 20x60 is very close in optic quality . The SkyMaster has a larger Field of Vision and are slightly clearer , but the Galileo is a higher power . With either of these binoculars and a good monopod , we are now ready to view both terrestrial events and stargazing in just a few minutes.Here are my observations : Pros : Clear OpticsCrisp Focusing -LRB- no `` bounce '' or drift at all -RRB- Built In Tripod Mount -LRB- must use with binoculars this powerful -RRB- Very Inexpensive For Binoculars of This QualityCons : Large Size -LRB- these are fairly big , as expected , so you will need a tripod/monopod for extended use -RRB- Overall , the Galileo 20x60 are a great pair of binoculars for the price , Recommended !
 These binoculars are one of the best items I have ever purchased . They are great for viewing objects at great distances . I can count the points on a buck deer from a quarter mile away with no problem . The craters on the moon look so close you think you could touch them . If all you want binoculars for is viewing sports activies and concerts , then these are probably not for you . These are very powerful binoculars and therefore not suited to short range usage -LRB- probably less than one hundred yards -RRB- They are very lightweight for their power . If I do have any dissapointment in these binoculars it is that they do not have provision to mount them to a tripod . With the 20x power of the glasses , holding them steady on small or very distant objects is sometime difficult . All in all , these binoculars are a very good choice and a good value for the money .
 The binoculars are great well built very clear and powerfulthe shipping on the other hand was another matter took almost two full weeks to recieve this product . Amazon was great though and refunded my shipping cost so I am a very happy camper I will hesitate to order from target in the future though ...
 These Binoculars have really good clarity and power , I would also reccomend investing in some type of binocular tripod or stand to keep them steady while viewing stars .
 You get what you pay for ... but these are great for the price . Not exactly the best in the world , but they do the job !
 This Binocular is very good . Great magnifying but not very clear . Glad that i ` ve purchased this product anyway !
 Was looking for one of these to connect my favorite old-style keyboard to a new computer , and was hesitant because of the high prices . I found this one on amazon , and immediately bought it -- best price for the exact same cable ! I have plugged it in , and as you can see , my keyboard works great!Recommended to anyone who has a keyboard they love that is older and needs something like this . Ca n't beat the price on amazon !
 Excellent unit - provided me with a way to biamp my factory system with after market speakers and subwoofer . Hookup and configuration were simple enough . Used RTA software with a calibrated mic and laptop computer to get my system dialed in using a pink noise CD . I am extremely happy with the final results . Thanks to Kicker for a reasonably priced unit with the features I needed to get my vehicle 's sound system set up properly .
 Excellent processor that gives you precise control , only drawback for me was the LED 's are very bright red that are not adjustable leading to hiding the unit rather than having it mounted for easier use .
 I 've been using my 600c after updating from an earlier model . I 've seen other GPS units my friends have , but would never trade theirs for mine . I use mine in the car and on my motorcycle . Like no other GPS , it is visible in broad daylight on my bike.I like the 640x480 resolution - it provides a lot of detail . I also like that the text overlays on the display are programmable . You position what you want , where you want it , and the size you want it to be . And not just the distance to the next turn & a turn arrow ; you can optionally display time , speed , battery voltage , total distance , distance to the next stop , and more . As the user , you decide what you want to see and how you want it to appear.My wife travels a lot , with numerous stops along the way . For her , it is a simple matter of entering the addresses -LRB- which is so easy it can even be done while driving - but shame on anyone for doing that ! -RRB- , and then telling the unit to rearrange the waypoints for the most logical route to take . If you decide to take a scenic route , it will notice within a few feet and nearly instantly reroute you . -LRB- Other GPS units want you to turn around . I 've only heard the 600c say ` make a U-turn ' once ! -RRB- I also like the MP3 player . I want to listen to music when I travel , but I do n't want the GPS to compete with the radio . By having an MP3 player incorporated into the unit , the music automatically pauses when you need to pay attention to your voice instructions for the next turn . I can also manually pause the music when my cell phone rings.I was reluctant to spend a lot of money on a GPS , but I am glad I bought this unit . It makes driving a much more relaxed experience . Perhaps unfortunately , I have become dependant on the 600c and can not travel without it !
 Waterproof , Heavy Duty , Jumbo BRIGHT Display , kinda quirky till you get to know it , but DOES EVERYTHING YOU CAN THINK OF . It does n't have a Radar Transmitter like it 's Marine big brothers made by Lowrance , but it 's not 11 Thousand dollars either , like they are . It DOES however have many of their expensive features like WAAS detection for super accurate positioning within 3 feet !! -LRB- * NOTE ; WAAS is not available EVERYWHERE , but even when its not , its with 9 feet aprox -RRB- This thing is more like a piece of Military Hardware than the pocket sized gps 's you see on sale everywhere , but the Windshield mount is made in Germany and is also very heavy duty and works great . Several types of portable mounts are available if you shop . The telemetry screens are COMPREHENSIVE , colorful , fully loaded with all types of ACCURATE Street Level Location/Routing AND Nautical data , Completely Re-Configurable . Pleasant Male or Female Navigator Voice and Turn by Turn Voice street announcing through speaker on Power supply or FM Radio with no hook up is GREAT Design . Includes depth markers and Pier/Bridge/Harbor etc. on ALL WATERWAYS IN North America , which is AMAZING to browse . It comes with the AC power adapter , so you can view tomorrows outing in your Hotel room , and program your route , and view local info without a computer . Since it does Marine too , its the perfect Adventuring Tool . NO CELL TOWER NEEDED !! works anywhere on the Planet 24/7 . Sat overlay is a Bonus , but do n't count of it unless you live in a MAJOR city . FM transmitter works very well with my Factory FM radio in my truck , but it was necessary to adjust preamp output level down a little on the I-way 600c . This was easy on the music options menu . If you want absolutely every feature there is without a subscription , this is it . I would buy it again , no question for me . P.S. Having 10 gig of music and/or color slideshow of Home is also nice to have along .
 I have a barebones `` drone '' machine that stays on the net 24/7 . I 've been running this motherboard non-stop for the past 2 years , 24/7 through summers , winters , humidity , dry weather , dust , etc. . The board has certainly stood the test of time and is very reliable.However , you should note that I do n't have a monitor , keyboard , mouse , or speakers hooked up to the board . It is connected to my home network / LAN , and I control the computer over the network with a remote control software program called UltraVNC . I have attached a keyboard , mouse , speakers , and -LRB- onboard video -RRB- monitor in the past and they worked fine with this board .
 This is very a fine connector probably the best for headphone amp use , as I am using it.To the reviewer who gave it only 3 stars
 These are great . I had a Marshall 4x12 guitar cabint and one night at our band 's performance , my amp went silent . I looked in the back and the pressure from the cabinet caused the jack to pop out . I plugged it back in and later the same thing happened . My solution way back then was to replace the 1/4 inch jack with an XLR jack . I had to have a special cable to connect my speaker cab . If I had had one of these Neutrik locking jacks , I could have used a standard cable.The only con I see to this jack is that the solder lugs are a little small . They wo n't accept 14 guage cable -LRB- the solder lug hole is too small -RRB- . 16 or 18 gauge wire should work fine , though .
 My old Neutrix connector on my used Ibanez BTB bass guitar was getting scratchy and cleanings were n't clearing up the issue . This jack was a one-for-one replacement , other than the color , for the existing jack . Took about 10 minutes to do the replacement , mostly needing time for the soldering iron to warm up . The new jack fits and works great . The black color matches better with the coloring on the guitar so it worked out great .
 I used Switchcraft connectors for decades . Then a friend told me about Neutrik years ago , and although Switchcraft makes really good plugs and jacks . These Neutrik plugs are the best things there are . Most notably are the built in strain relief mechanism that prevents the cord from being yanked from its solder connections , but still maintains good serviceability . If you do n't have these in your parts bin , then you are missing out .
 Not a bad purchase at all . Quite pleased actually . No problems to install and complements my car very well . Also very good audio output in combination with my speakers . If you are looking for a modest but pretty good system -LRB- detachable front panel , cd , mp3 , usb , memory card -RRB- then this may be just what you looking for .
 This product functions perfectly ; converting analog VGA signal to YPbPr component video . The signal is strong with no hint of noise.One thing of note about the RCA-type connectors ; one of the colors is wrong . Instead of red/blue/green rings on the connectors , I have blue/blue/green . Thankfully , the wires leading to the connectors are also colored and matched perfectly . So yes , I have one blue-ringed RCA connector attached to a red wire . When connected according to the colors of the wires , it works perfectly .
 I purchased this for my visually impaired mother-in-law and she loves it ! She will hear this unit announce who is calling without realizing that the phone had rung . It was easy to set up and just as easy to make recordings for regular callers . About the only problem was getting her to realize that someone had to call her so the caller-id unit could record their phone number . Then we could make the announcement . I would recommend this unit for anyone visually impaired !
 Its kicker would n't expect anything less but high quality performance that would last forever . They are pricy but i do n't regret .
 Been using this for 3 months and it works great . Added clarity to my mids and highs and the bass boost keeps my 15 '' kicker L7s knocking hard . Great price for this product .
 I am an expert on power cords , and I must say that this is definitely a perfect example of exceptional power cord production . There is simply no other power cord known to man that fills this function as well ! Not only the perfect function of this cord is a wonder , the NEW AC ADAPTER 2-PRONG POWER CORD FOR LAPTOPS 6 ' is a TECHNOLOGICAL MARVEL !!!!! Under the black plastic of the cord there are two metal wires that carry current in TWO DIRECTIONS . Not only that , the current through this wire is most likely sourced from a wall outlet , common wall outlets supply 120 VOLTS OF CURRENT !!!!!!! This is the greatest thing that has ever come from the human race !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
 Hitachi Microdrive Compact Flash Type IIThe product was great . The price was good . When I did not receive the product and called the store the sale person was rude and more or less told me it was my problem . The post office told me that the person that mailed it to me did not have it insured . So how could it be my problem when I had not received it . I have received it and the product is fine but they could sure use some coustomer service tips .
 Using your ethernet collection , refer to owner 's manual pages 44-45 , update the firmware to the latest firmware version 1.2 , this should solve all the major problem .
 I had planned on waiting for the `` format war '' between HD-DVD and Blu-Ray to be over . I 'm glad I did n't . The Toshiba HD-A1 puts out an absolutely beautiful picture on my 1080p DLP screen . The sound quality that it puts out is also amazing . Do n't believe the Sony hype , Blu-Ray is n't delivering on their promises . If you want to experience the best picture quality available , I highly recommend you buy this player right away !
 I already have the device , but I do n't have any HD-DVD media yet . I 'll will receive the first one next week . From the little I 've seen , in my oppinion is a very good choice to see HD-DVDcontent instead of standard discs . I did n't note too much difference watching regular films in my oppo DVD player comparing to this player . Concerning the start delay , I thinkit shall be considered like a computer boot time -LRB- a fast computer -RRB- . The remote control is really awful to read , but as Ihave a Philips Pronto learn remote control , this is not a problem . Even knowing just a little about this product I consider it overall good for HD-DVD media .
 would be 5 stars if it was faster to start and a bit less cumbersome -LRB- ok , while I 'm at wish list
 IVE OWNED THIS PLAYER FOR 2 WEEKS NOW AND CANT STOP BEING AMAZED AT THE CLARITY AND AWESOME SOUNDTRACK OF HD DVD TOSHIBA MAKES A FAR BETTER PRODUCT THEN SONY THIS PLAYER IS SOMEWHAT BIGGER THEN I EXPECTED BUT YOU CANT ARGUE WITH ITS PERFORMANCE I CAN JUST IMAGINE WHAT WILL BE OUT IN A COUPLE OF YEARS I JUST HOPE THAT MORE TITLES WILL BE AVAILABLE IN A REASONABLE AMOUNT OF TIME . I CAN NOW SAY GOODBYE TO MY SD DVD PLAYER AND HELLO TO HD DVD IT MAKES MY PLASMA HDTV PERFORM TO ITS CAPABILITY JUST LIKE BEING AT THE THEATER WITHOUT THAT GUY SITTING IN BACK OF YOU WHO CANT SHUT UP
 Greetings to all the folks in HD land . I had the luck to find a used version of this unit and had it shipped all the way to Riyadh . The price was amazing ! i have only had it for a day and it seems to be working fine so far . I would like to share a few thoughts before i up or down this product : * i am in the process of purchasing an LCOS JVC and currently only have a TOSHIBA 42 1080i capable TV with no HDMI * This player is mainly reviewed while connected to my DELL 24 '' via component video * It was just the mere price that attracted me to this player * I only bought this to have Matrix on HD ! * Most of my other movies are in BluRay * i did not do any firmware updates to this unit * i have yet to do any sound testsOn the dell LCD panel the output on the image is amazing . I was sort of hoping a bit more on the up conversion of SD content but i guess i have to wait for the LCOS . i think there are limitations to my DELL monitor.All in all , if your looking to just give HD-DVD a try without breaking the bank , get a used HD player like this one . I think it was a steal .
 I wanted to step up to HD DVD since I love dvd movies.The size is fine - not sure why they made a big deal of it . For the picture you 're getting . Who cares . I 'm not carrying this while watching a movie.Remote ok but at night - you 're screwed . Get a universal remote or memorize the button placement . Fan noise - it 's quieter than my xbox360.I have a Sony 42we655 rear LCD HDTV and picture is good . Wanted to see a huge improvement but finally saw the difference and I mean BIG difference when I got my HD Projector from Mitsubishi ! This is where you see the REAL SIGNIFICANT difference compared to DVD . In a 100-108 inch screen . CRISP !!!!!!! Seems even better than a movie theater . I 'm not kidding !!! I 'm connected via HDMI got Batman , Serenity , Corpse Bride , Constantine and now Superman Returns.Picture still has the bars on top and bottom but maybe I 'm doing something wrong -- got it on 16 * 9 already.For $ 399 - you ca n't go wrong . This format better succeed over BlueRay . . ; \ Update : I now GIVE this 5 Stars due to seeing the HUGE difference in a picture that is bigger than my 42 inch . This picture was meant to be seen 65 inch or higher to see what HD is really about .
 I 'm happy with my new Toshiba HD-A1 ... but I 'd suggest you do n't buy one based on comments of how your standard DVD 's will now look hi-def . I see no noticable improvement in sharpness . Think about this - what 's the information capacity of a DVD vs. HD DVD . No matter how fancy the up conversion , the information just is n't on the standard DVD . I did see an improvement in the way colors are handled on std DVDs.Like many others have commented , the remote is impossible to read in dim light . The fan is fairly loud , but I have mine in a cabinet and that blocks the sound completely.My setup is an HDMI cable to a Panasonic AE900U projector .
 I purchased an HD-A1 2 weeks ago along with Pitch Black , Chronicles of Riddick , and Serenity . The player I bought had 1.2 firmware , so immediately updated the firmware via download to 1.4 . No issues at all with playback of HD-DVD 's or upconversion of DVD 's via HDMI with my Pioneer Elite PRO-730HD RPTV . The Pio does n't have an HDMI input so I connected via an HDMI to DVI cable without a problem . I 've since watched all of the movies purchased and all had EXCELLENT video and audio . I 've also watched many standard DVD 's through the player and the upconversion feature worked flawlessly and produced a much better image than my previously used DVD player over component.I had previously compared the Samsung Blu-Ray player with the HD-A1 HD-DVD player and there was no comparison with the picture quality - HD-DVD produces a better picture at a lower cost . I would not hesitate to make this purchase again .
 I echo most of the reviews already here . Great upconverting DVD player , awesome HD DVD player and phenomenal sound . Get this one , not the 2nd generation , which has no analog audio outputs . That 's what I use -LRB- compatible with my old receiver -RRB- and the sound is better than Dolby 5.1 and DTS.I never ran it with the old firmware , so I ca n't comment on that . I ran the update on day one -LRB- it took about 15-20 minutes on broadband , I think -RRB- . Mine was made in late August but still had the old firmware , so make sure yours is updated . Apparently , there were lots of problems with the old firmware.The remote is not that great and the unit is a little big and yes , I prefer all black . However , these things only represent about 3 % of why I bought it , so I do n't really mind . Once the lights are dimmed and you 're immersed in the closest thing to being at the theater , are you really going to care ? As far as bugs go , just pretend it 's running Windows and you 'll have more patience . Chalk up any suffering you experience as part of being on the bleeding edge of technology .
 I was originally going to get the HD DVD add-on drive for the Xbox 360 , but after weighing the limitations of that drive vs. the added price of the HD-A1 , I decided to go with the A1 . HDMI connectivity , plus upconversion of standard def DVDs to 1080i , along with the 5.1 output for Dolby Digital Plus and TrueHD were the deciding factors for me . I got it for $ 382 and change , and just sent off for the 3 free HD DVDs from the Toshiba offer.After a month owning the A1 , I 'm glad I made the purchase . The picture quality is amazing , depending on the quality of the source material , of course . Upconversion of standard DVDs to 1080i is very good , with some being better than others . A definite upgrade over the Panasonic player it replaced for SDVD picture quality.I originally had a 51-inch Aspect CRT RPTV with DVI digital input , and had huge problems with the HDCP handshake , so I had to use the component video outputs , which negated the upconversion of standard DVDs . I have since replaced the TV with a 57-inch Hitachi CRT RPTV with HDMI input , and the HDCP issues have been resolved.It 's obvious at times that the A1 is a 1st generation product , so expect some of the quirks that go along with that . I have seen some skipping in HD DVD movies , even ones that did n't appear to have any scratches or smudges on them . By and large they 've played through flawlessly . I 've seen no skipping with standard def DVDs . Usually pausing and restarting will correct the skipping . Boot and HD DVD load times are slow , but they have n't bothered me . Maybe I 'm getting more patient as I get older.The reward in picture quality is well worth the loading wait , IMO . As others have said , the remote needs to be replaced , it 's not user friendly at all . One of these days , I 'm going to program my Marantz universal remote for the A1.My A1 came with firmware 1.4 installed , I upgraded it to 2.0 by CD . I could n't get the network download to work , although I did verify my Internet connection with the A1 . The main reason for the firmware update was to get TrueHD in 5.1 through the audio outputs , as my HT receiver does n't have HDMI inputs , and I have no plans to replace it.In short , the A1 does have some potential quirks and problems , such as sensitivity to certain discs , long load times , and a poorly designed remote , but when it does what it 's supposed to , it 's amazing . I 'd buy it again with no hesitation . The only reason it gets 4 stars is due to the aforementioned quirks , but overall it 's a great product . Hopefully Toshiba will continue to support it with newer firmware updates that will continue to improve its performance , even after they have replaced it with their second generation player , the A2 -LRB- which does n't have the 5.1 outputs for DD + and TrueHD . I 've not seen any HD DVDs with DTS-HD soundtracks yet -RRB- .
 I bought this HDDVD Player after reading all the positive reviews at Amazon.I have been using this player for almost one week . The picture of my Panasonic 50 '' Plasma is excellent with this player when using HDDVDs . Also this is the best upconverting DVD player on the market at this time . It upconvert the Standard DVD picture to near HD . I am not using my old Sony DVD player anymore because when playing standard DVDs on Toshiba player , you will see a big difference . I think this is the future of HD . I have n't compare the Blue ray movies with HDDVD yet . If the Blue ray offer better picture quality than HDDVD I will sure buy a Blue ray . But at this time no one can beat HDDVD from Toshiba , I think it going to stay like that forever.To People who are complaining about slow start time
 Otherwise 1 star . I use Netflix HD DVDs and of 5 played , 3 have given me fits . On one , the system locked up tight and I had to unplug . After that , I upgraded to firmware 2.0 and set audio to PCM encoding -LRB- per AVS Forum -RRB- . Even with FW 2.0 I had two disks that made the HD-A1 choke , although I was able to advance to the next chapter to get past the bad spots . I could not advance using the remote , however ; I had to use the front-panel controls.You can say `` That wo n't bother me '' , but it will . Add in the fact that the remote is beyond unusable . Add in the fact that just powering up to eject a DVD that you happened to leave in the night before takes a full minute to happen.Add in the frustration of not being able to stop and restart from the current position . You know , common ordinary DVD standards . Maybe it 's me , but having to go back to the beginning of the movie after I hit Stop or adjust the audio settings seems dumb . Dumber than dumb . Add in the fact that you get a continuous audible alert if you leave the machine on Pause for more than three minutes . Since you ca n't hit Stop , you 're forced to play one second of movie and then hit Pause , over and over . Else , be sure to tell Mom not to call when you 're watching a movie . Ignore these defects if you wish , but I would n't be surprised if you , too , end up sending Amazon an email requesting a return authorization.The picture is fantastic , as well as the sound , so I believe 5 stars is warranted so long as you own your own disks and handle them carefully . But Netflix or Blockbuster ? Forget about it . You 'll end up saying `` Maybe that guy was right '' . The unit will make your standard definition DVDs look much , much better on screen , so that 's a plus . It 's not enough of a plus to put up with the unit 's bad design , though.The HD-A2 is supposed to have an improved remote . They could n't possibly have made it worse , so by definition it has to be better . Hopefully , they 've improved whatever error-handling needed improvement so that most of us who use online or neighborhood rentals also can use this box . We 'll see . I 'd hate to have to go Blu-Ray just to get away from Toshiba .
 I just purchased mine three days ago , and wish I had got one when they first came out . I first played older DVDs I had around , and was amazed by the sharpness and quality of the image.Last night I played my first HD DVD disk , and was blown away by the quality.my unit is in my home theater . although it starts up more slowly than my former player , who cares about an extra few minutes when you then get several hours of world-beating images ? I do n't notice excessive fan noises , but if I did , I would deal with the noise and still enjoy the player.Sony 's player is not available , and has experienced numerous delays in bringing it to market . I might purchase it too if and when it arrives , but why wait when you can greatly enhance your legacy dvd 's , and get blown away by the hd ones now available ?
 There is nothing to add to the previous reviews . I just needed to get my vote in . For $ 500.00 you get a player that will not only give the best picture your TV is capable of with HD-DVDs but , will give your collection of standard DVDs a facelift . I have used various deinterlacers and scalers in the past , to improve the picture with DVDs , but the HD-A1 does a great job right out of the box.When I first got the HD-A1 the HDMI connection would not work with the Samsung DLP Tv in my family room so I had to use the component connections . Within three weeks Toshiba updated the firmware and corrected the problem . This update was done online through a internet port built into the HD-A1 . While the HD-A1 is not perfect , it is still an excelent product and a real bargain . Toshibas ' efforts to improve the player with updates just makes it better .
 Great purchase ! The picture quality of the HD DVD movies are the best I 've seen . The picture surpasses the blu ray equivalent at half the price . It also does an excellent job using playing old dvds and converts them to high def . It plugs into the internet for updates so I do n't have any fears about it being a new product they continue to update and improve on it . The remote does not have a back light on it so you may want a different remote if you use it in a darkened room . I would definitely recommend this to family and friends.A few previous reviews mentions issues with the player locking up . This has already been addressed in an update and I 've had no problems at all since . Load time when you first put in a disk is slightly longer them my dvd player but its hardly noticable and dont think this is a big issue at all .
 One word sums it up `` WOW ! '' I bought a the HDDVD version of `` Phantom of the Opera '' plus i owned a regular DVD version . When i compared them on the new HDDVD player i could not get over the change in picture . It was like watching this video on 35mm film . The quality is excellent . I have it connected to my In Focus Video Projector on a 100 '' screen . I was totally blown away . The unit i have for my sound system is a 7.1 Denon which to me is perfect . The new sound quality on the HDDVD is also amazing . Running a regular DVD on this new HDDVD unit is also better quality . It 's a win win situation . I 'm sure in time the price , like everything else , will come down.You will not be disappointed in this unit . If you have an HDTV you best get the HDDVD player . You 'll be missing a lot if you do n't . I would give this unit 100 stars if i could . Once your connected , it 's easy to run . The new features are also great and there is just so much to choose from . Happy Watching !!!!!
 Ok the Componet set up was easy but I had to download the update to get the HDMI to work right . Well after that this is the most perfect HD picture I have ever seen . It does not take forever to load after the update . I would even go as far to say the upres dvds look like the movies ive seem playing on the BluRay players at Best Buy and the HDDVD disc look better than anything Ive ever seen on an HDTV . I have 3 hdtvs in my house but didnt know how great they were until this unit came home with me . I would say that if you can set up a wireless router then this unit will be a piece of cake for you .
 I 've never experienced any of the lock-up issues that have been reported in countless user reviews and on-line `` expert '' articles . I 'll admit the HD-DVD player start-up is noticeably slower than my old SD DVD player . HD-DVD discs are amazing and the up-conversion is the best I 've ever seen . I 've gone back and watched several of my SD movies in the last couple of weeks and was blown away by the improved picture quality and not to mention the sound has somehow improved too . The firmware update could n't be easier , pop in a disc or connect to the Internet , showing a strong commitment to future support .
 I bought the Toshiba HD A1 in mid April 2006 and have been loving the crystal clear picture and sound of HD movies . I 've watched 18 HD movies in their entirety and have not had a single lock up or glitch of any kind . I have this player hooked up to my HDTV via component cables . The player itself is well built and other than being a little slow to react I have not noticed any functionality issues that have negatively impacted my enjoyment.I also had a chance to use the Samsung BluRay BDP1000 player in my home for 2 weeks . In comparison to the HD A1 I was left utterly unimpressed by the Samsung player and/or the Sony Blu-Ray movies . I watched 6 in total and they did not come close to the clarity of the HD DVD format.I am very pleased with my HD A1 purchase . Toshiba , Microsoft , Universal and Warner Brothers are doing an excellent job to date and should be the benchmark for all HD movies .
 HD DVD 's look crisp , deep , vivid and 3-D , all the things u like . Take the best looking DVD 's -LRB- Superbit 's -RRB- and u may notice the 3-D look in faces , now spread that 3-D look to whole picture and u have Hd DVD . Do n't be fooled by Blue Ray 1080P . Most of HD DVD 's are rated better looking and more 3-D in appearance than blue ray . Lastly if you 're so keen on 1080P simply purchase a 1080P TV and the TV will up convert your 1080i Toshiba into 1080P w/no loss in resolution or degradation in Picture Quality why ? 100 percent digital -LRB- HDMI -RRB- converted to 100 percent digital = 100 percent digital . -LRB- Think MP3 's -RRB- Finally , the best part is my Toshiba takes my regular DVD 's especially superbit 's and up converts them to 1080i better than my oppo wow ! It 's like enjoying my entire regular DVD 's all over again its quite noticeable . For the record I am viewing on a Samsung 1080P 67inch Dlp TV . At 499 and 799 it 's cheaper than blue ray and better looking , make sure u have the update or download .
 I actually got my HD-A1 the day before any titles were released so I had an agonizing wait to try it out . I first bought Serenity to replace my DVD copy and it is a stunning transfer-particularly the exterior shots . The sound is more dynamic as well.Some have complained about lock-ups and freezing , but I have not had any such problems . I have since purchased Unforgiven , Training Day , Bourne Supremacy , and Full Metal Jacket and they have all played flawlessly . I have also rented Doom , Million Dollar Baby , and Phantom of the Opera from Netflix and they all played fine as well . Some of the problems may be due to the remote , which is poorly designed . I use a Phillips Pronto instead-problem solved.I do get the HDMI error if I switch the input to my display . In other words , the HD-A1 needs to be able to detect an HDCP compliant display at all times or it will give the error . This is not a big deal when watching movies , but it prevents an easy comparison of a DVD to an HD DVD for example.One final quirk-you have to set the A1 's output to 1080i for the sharpest picture . Actually , you have to set the A1 to output the disc 's native resolution and all HD DVDs released so far are 1080p . Apparently the A1 does a poor job in scaling to 720p , which results in a soft picture.For those of you who have big HDTVs -LRB- I view on a 106 inch diagonal projection screen -RRB- you need to jump into HD DVD . If you are worried about the format war with Blu-Ray , I say do n't . If HD DVD loses to Blu-Ray , you will still have a collection of dozens or even hundreds of movies to enjoy . Its probably the best $ 500 I ever spent on my home theater . Now I only watch broadcast HDTV and HD DVD . Once you see how sharp and clear the picture is , it is tough to go back to SDTV and DVD .
 I thought I had a broken player but I simply did n't realize how incredibly sensitive these things are to a even a small smudge or part of a fingerprint . . let alone even a small scratch on the disk . Considering that this thing is really a fairly powerful computer inside the price is an absolute steal . Picture quality is just incredible . Support picks up on the fist ring ! -LRB- when I did n't realize how sensitive the reader was to smudges I found that out -RRB- You ca n't get HD any better than this . Technically this thing only puts out 1080i but with a good 1080p TV with conversion you will never notice any difference , not even in a side by side comparision . The only reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because it takes too long to play both HD and normal DVDs which makes it not exactly and ideal replacement for a regular DVD player , but you do get used to it .
 After much research regarding both formats I decided to go with HD-DVD because of poor quality and lukewarm success of blu-ray , not to mention the `` bonus '' proce difference . Aside from the Pioneer demo -LRB- which is not indicative of real world performance -RRB- I had n't seen too much from the blu-ray demos that looked a major step up from a good HD broadcast over Comcast ... maybe a hair better . I was in no way prepared for what the Toshiba had in store for me though ! WOW is this thing incredible ! Start times are a hair slow , but the remote -LRB- while clunky -RRB- is the strongest in my arsenal . The true-hd audio us an appreciable upgrade from the best DTS SD-DVDs I have , and the picture is just unreal . Unless you have an HD-DVD player you have no idea how awesome your HDTV can look . I guarantee it . I just got done watching Troy , Aeon Flux , Seabiscuit , and Serenity , and I just ca n't belive the sharpness , color , and lack of any noticable blocks or digital artifacts . I could be convinced I was watching uncompressed HD video.SD-DVD playback is good , but I still do n't think it beats my Panasonic DVD_S77 with the faroujda chip . It 's good , but the edge goes to the Panny.Go ahead and get an HD-A1 before they are all gone and replaced with flimsier , less robust players . It is n't the sexiest , but it is chock full of DSPs , DACs , and other goodies that will make you feel warm . If you do n't have an HDMI receiver , you have to get the A1 to hear uncompressed TrueHD audio . Coax and Optical do n't have the bandwidth for it !
 Despite few bugs the performance is excellent . Best upscaling I have seen . Get it before it get superseded by cheaper models . The output of HD DVD is really mind blowing . Once you watch HD DVDs you do n't want to see standard DVDs anymore.I read that this unit is too expensive to produce , therefore cheaper units will be coming to market soon . Get this one .
 So I took the plunge after promising myself to sit out the format war until a clear winner emerged . What changed ? Well first of all I have a 1080p HDTV just waiting to get more high def content . Second , Netflix has HD DVDs to rent . Third , the HD-A1 is a superb upconverting DVD player for use with standard DVDs . Fourth , I got a good price on the unit -LRB- close to the current newly lowered Amazon price as of 9-13-06 -RRB- . I figure I can enjoy HD DVD content now and when -LRB- and if -RRB- Blu-ray is able to match the current picture quality of HD DVD , then I might consider buying a Blu-ray player . For now , Mark Cuban is right , if you want a high def disc player , HD DVD is the way to go.To get a sub $ 400 first generation player , the temptation was too great and the risks too low not to jump . I 've been very pleased with the results . Yes it is a bit big and a bit slow -LRB- but not as bad as I thought it would be -RRB- , but the tradoff is jaw dropping clarity with a good HD DVD disc plus the Dolber True HD sound.If you are on the fence , go for it !!
 I 've had the Toshiba XA-1 -LRB- sister product of the A-1 -RRB- for around 6 weeks now.Pros :1 . Superb regular DVD playback2 . Best upconverting DVD player I have ever owned3 . Superb CD playback .4 . HD DVD is the best video you can watch in your home today . Period .5 . Excellent build quality . This is made like a tank ! 6 . HD DVD menu system provides excellent usability.Cons :1 . Slow start-up and loading -LRB- mine takes around 30 seconds to turn on and another 30 seconds to start playing -RRB- .2 . Can not stop and play HD DVD . It goes to the begining of the disk . However , with regular DVD the stop and play works like a regular DVD player.Overall this is a best buy in my opinion and I can not recommend any consumer electronics product higher than this . I know this may seem strange , but it will transform your home video experience if you have anything larger than a 42 inch screen.The freezing and lock-ups have been fixed via the new firmware . I fortunately got a completely bug-free product and have had no freezes or lock-ups since day 1 .
 As others have stated , the picture quality is fantabulous . I ca n't imagine anyone looking at the screen and saying , `` well , it 's not 1080p !! '' I frankly do n't think you 'd be able to tell the difference with the naked eye.That being said , a couple of things on the wish list . First , the slow load times should be fixed with a future firmware update . It should n't take the device that long to tell the difference between a CD , a DVD , or a HD-DVD . The slow ` boot up ' sequence I 'm afraid ca n't be fixed because , well , it 's a Linux PC we are talking about . Anyone that 's seen a Linux box boot will know that it takes some time . But for a tech-junkie like me , I 'd rather see the boot sequence than stare at a blank screen . So I 'm hoping that Toshiba , or possibly a brave hacker , will figure out a way to enable the screen so that we can see SOMETHING going on while the system starts up.Notice no mention of the remote . That 's easily rectified with any 3rd party programmable remote control which makes operating the HD-A1 very easy.Overall , a great first-run piece of hardware . Sure the units will be smaller in the future , and will undoubtedly boot and load faster - but by then it will be a dedicated chip running the box - not a tried-and-true PC processor . All I have to do is find an `` INTEL INSIDE '' sticker for this thing !
 After getting a Samsung 50 '' DLP , I wanted to get an HD-DVD player to compliment it . After a little research , this looked like the one to get at this early stage in the technology . Bluray is just too expensive and obviously far from perfected.I hooked it up to my Samsung DLP -LRB- HDMI cable included ! -RRB- and my Denon AVR-3806 with an Optical cable , popped in `` Serenity -LRB- HD-DVD -RRB- , '' and right from the start I was impressed . Jaw dropping visual detail and incredible sound . If you hook this thing up to a quality HD display , you 're gon na love it.The upconversion of standard definition DVDs is about the same as my previous DVD player -LRB- Oppo DV971H -RRB- , but without the macro-blocking issues . The only time I use the Oppo now is to watch XviD movies and the occassional PAL DVD . If the Toshiba played XviD , my Oppo would be for sale.I also threw in a CD-R full of MP3s . Very nice playback and navigation through folders and a nice on-screen interface.Yes the machine is slow , but it is a computer , not a DVD player . Computers take time to boot up and shut down . You ca n't expect this machine to respond like your standard DVD player folks.Yes the remote is below par . It 's impossible to operate in the dark , until you memorize the buttons . I am surprised that Toshiba did n't put more effort into the remote . But after watching a few movies on this thing , I could care less about the quality of the remote.This machine is a must-have , Buy it , watch it , love it !
 The Toshiba HD A-1 is an incredible machine , and its reasonable price is icing on an already delicious cake . Watching HD movies via a BenQ 8720 projector with a 120 '' Firehawk screen is simply amazing -- it 's like watching a ten foot plasma set.I was also quite amazed at the way the HD A-1 plays standard DVDs ; It 's upconversion capability has to be seen to be believed . Soon after the purchase I placed my fairly new Denon 3910 on eBay , as its picture or sound quality just could n't compete with the HD A-1 . You will get to enjoy your standard DVD collection all over again , as the Toshiba 's upconverting quality of standard DVDs is on paar with the current selection of Blue Ray movie releases . Seeing is believing !
 I noticed that the response time once a remote or player button is pressed is extremely lagging . So much so that one will find themself pressing the button over and over thinking something was not right with either the remote or the player . Other than that I am impressed with the HD quality of the picture as well as the price being 1/2 that of a Blue-Ray player .
 If you simply want the best picture available then HD-DVD is the way to go . For those with a larger screen the difference in quality between DVD and HD-DVD is staggering . The HD-A1 is a solid piece of equipment that makes the best picture I 've ever seen in my home theater . You could pay twice the price on a Blu-Ray player ... but then you 'd still only end up with half the performance ! Do n't believe all the Sony hype , HD-DVD rocks !
 I 've owned this player for about a week now . I 've seen about 5 HD-DVDs . Watching SD DVD is like taking your glasses off -LRB- or defocusing your eyes , if you do n't wear glasses -RRB- , very fuzzy and defocused . This players upconversion of SD DVD is excellent by the way . It looks like Toshiba has delivered a better player than Bluray at half the price . I was originally a BluRay fan because of the increased capacity , it 's starting to look like that increased capacity is difficult and expensive to manufacture -LRB- from what I 've read -RRB- . Toshiba has delivered the goods with HD-DVD and I 've placed my bet.Video Quality = 9 out of 10Sound Quality-10 out of 10 -LRB- DD never sounded this good -RRB- Player Quality-8 out of 10 -LRB- very solid unit for this price , albiet slow -RRB- Remote 7 out of 10 -LRB- funny button layout but I love the look of it -RRB- Studio Support - 5 out of 10 -LRB- only have about half or less of the studios now -RRB-
 first time I plonked in a dvd I was amazed . The unit itself can be frustratingly slow at getting to the point where one can actually hit the play button , but there on in it is smooth sailing with a quite amazing picture . In comparison with regular DVD 's there is absolutely zero comparison , even when regular discs are upscaled on high end equipment . It is even more obvious the larger the screen , as mine are veiwed on a 72 inch 1080p , so flaws are pretty much readily apparent . My only gripe is not so much with the player , which at $ 400 is basically a cheap experiment should HD DVD lose the format wars to Blu Ray -LRB- which average $ 900 and up for their players -RRB- but with the complete absense of good Medium , as far as movies go Blu Ray has FAR superior movie titles . However I have a gut feeling that the offending studios may realise that there is dollars to be made on both sides of the fence both HD DVD and Blu Ray , one can only cross fingers ... until then I will watch Pirates 2 in lousy standard definition , and Batman returns in HD ...
 Was going to wait until the format wars were over but after hearing all the great feedback from users of the HD-A1 / XA1 I could n't resist . Picture quality is amazing on HD-DVDs and the upconversion ability makes some standard DVD 's look like they are HD . The load times are not near as bad as some claim . The wait is really a non issue , since I am in no immediate rush to start watching a movie . I think I can wait a few extra seconds . Toshiba has already come out with a few firmware upgrades and fixed many of the initial problem issues some had . If you want the best quality picture on your HD display . This is it . Would of given it 5 stars but with a 1st generation player there is always room for improvement .
 I have bought both HD-DVD and Bluray players and must say the HD-DVD player is really an incredible value at the price asked . Having bought also about 2/3 of available HD-DVD and Bluray titles the Toshiba is clearly the better product using the better compression technology . I watch the movies with both a 1080p 60 ' Sony Retroprojector and a SHARP XV-Z 12000 720p high end projector
 After watching broadcast HD for 2 years finally Hi Def DVD is here and there is no going back . I would probably give this product 4 stars when compared to current DVD technology but given it is a first generation product I am willing to live with some of its minor flaws . The first is the load times and while they are slower than current DVD players it is not too distracting , only if you are frantically loading and unloading discs will you notice this as a problem . The remote is also a poor design with no backlighting - it is impossible to see the button labels even in good light . If you are using a universal remote problem solved - otherwise you will have to memorize the functions of the buttons . Otherwise the remote is full featured and responsive so over time it is not a major issue . Some have complained about the size of the player - it is a normal size completely fitting its status as a premier component and looks entirely at home with my other equipment . If anything , current DVD players have gotten so light and unsubstantial as to be throwaway designs . After viewing 7 of the HD-DVD movies that I purchased , many rentals and plenty of SD DVD 's and CD 's I have not experienced a single player glitch so while there may be some bad units by no means is there anything intrinsically wrong with the player . So how do the movies look ? In one word phenomenal ! you will feel like a curtain has been removed from most movies and that your level of enjoyment is exponentially higher . For the price that Toshiba has brought HD DVD out you can enjoy HD today or wait for the priveledge of using Sony 's `` annointed '' format for twice the price with less features -LRB- No ability to play audio CD 's , No Ethernet Connection , Less capacity , last generation video CODEC 's ... oh and did I mention a price of $ 1000 ! -RRB- . Many of the studios which are counted in Blu Ray 's 90 % studio claim were avid and exclusive supporters of DIVX vs. DVD in the last format war and we know that did n't last long so studio 's who do n't want to support HD-DVD are losing money today while waiting for Blu Ray 's reality to meet its promises .
 I bought my floor model HD-A1 9/4 -LRB- Rex Store closing :-LRB- -RRB- and have used it to enjoy 20 DVDs - both HD and regular . I am amazed at the picture quality for both , but especially the HDs . I have seen Blue Ray demos in Best Buy , Sears , etc. , and the picture quality can not compete with the HD-A1 . While this may change in the future , for now , HD kicks BR butt . `` Sound and Vison '' magazine had a detailed article on the Toshiba DVD players , and can also be referenced on their web site.The HD-A1 is a pc , so slowness in turning on and off , stopping play , etc. is tolerable for me . I would guess that will improve with future software and hardware updates . It is neat that I can update the software by plugging my HD-A1 into my DSL - quick and easy , or Toshiba will send these to you on disk.Remote is not user friendly as functions of keys are hard for my eyes to see , and it is not lit.HD-DVD selection is getting better , but not being able to see films from other than Universal and Paramount studios is crazy . SONY is responsible for this -LRB- remember the Beta vs VHS war -RRB- ?? Hopefully this will also change.Amazon has great selection and best prices I 've seen , especially if you opt for their 10 % off option . Used HD DVDs are also becoming more available here.If you like HD quality TV shows , you 'll love HD DVDs and this player from Toshiba .
 Being the first to market in the High Definition DVD Player area , with Blu-ray right on its tail , id have to say its one amazing box . I started with last samurai regular dvd popped it in and wow was a standard DVD simply AMAZING , the upconvert in this box is the best ive seen . I then followed up by putting in the HDDVD version of Last Samurai and I was definately more pleased , stuff that was blotchy and pixelated no longer is so , most notable when standing or sitting close to an LCD TV the quality is noticably better . The price is a bit steep , but then again the first DVD Players were quite pricey as well . The prices for the HDDVDs are nice compared to costs for other new media standards such as the UMD Disc in fact about the same price as UMD Disc . The only cons I would have about this player is it takes REALLY LONG startup once turned on and HDDVD can take some time to get going and the thing is HUGE ! It wont fit in most setups !
 AND ... i 'M GLAD i DID ! There has been a lot of reviews out there and all the negatives and positives hold true , BUT most of the reviews , now that I experienced the HD A1 , were more like nitpicking . Here 's my take : Bulkiness
 I bought this player about a week ago . The picture on standard DVD 's is great . The picture on HD-DVD 's is awesome ! I bought 5 HD movies when I purchased this player . `` Perfect Storm '' , `` Training Day '' , `` Apollo 13 '' , `` Million Dollar Baby '' and `` Cinderella Man '' . The picture on all of these movies is incredible ! The sound is also great . My player is hooked up to a 42 inch Panasonic plasma via an HDMI cable . My receiver is a Harman Kardon 240 . If you hook up the sound using a fiber optic cable the sound is down converted to DTS . If you use the analog connections the sound comes across in Dolby Digital Plus . I 'm using both connections . The sound of the DTS is louder because it 's a digital signal , but the Dolby Digital Plus is clearer . It 's sounds more like the sounds you 'll hear at a real movie theater . Sometimes I watch movies using DTS , other times I 'll use the Dolby Digital Plus . Both sound great . I was going to buy a Blu-Ray player but after reading lots of reviews and doing some research , I decided that the price tag on the Samsung Blu-Ray player was just too much . I have n't seen the picture on the Blu-Ray , but I bet that it 's nothing like the Toshiba . The only concern I had when purchasing this player was the support of the movie studios . Blu-Ray has the support of most of the major studios . HD-DVD is basically only supported by Warner Brothers and Universal . Hopefully if HD-DVD continues to gain consumer support , more of the studios will switch sides . Nobody knows which format will win out , but even if HD-DVD loses out you 'll have a high end DVD player that only cost 499.99 dollars . Buy this player . You wo n't regret it .
 I 've only had this thing for a couple of days , and have been absolutely blown away by the video and audio quality of the two HD-DVD movies I 've watched thus far
 Gathering from all the positive reviews in Amazon , I decided to purchase the HD-A1 after mulling it over for the past few months . I originally planned to put off buying it till the holiday season but I could n't wait much longer . I needed to see with my own eyes what it would do to my existing home theater setup . No longer a stranger to HD progamming as I 'm an HD subscriber to Comcast , I eagerly hooked up the HD-A1 to my Panasonic HDTV using HDMI Monster cable ; furthermore , I connected the audio via optical cable to my THX 5.1 surround EX sound system . Initially , I played `` The Chronicles of Riddick '' ; I was n't impressed -- I was totally flabbergasted ! The opening preview of the movie was pure eye candy -- six-times sharper and with an exceedingly brilliant color saturation than a standard DVD . The special effects sequence , particularly in the planet Crematoria looked so real you would n't have realized it 's computer-generated . Details I have n't noticed before came to life -- like intricate patterns of the necromonger 's armor and facial blemishes of Vin Diesel . The fight sequences are even further enhanced by the Dolby Digital Plus signal it feeds my THX receiver -- my system decodes it as DTS-ES + THX . I was in rapt attention all throughout the movie ; `` Chronicles of Riddick '' for me was one forgettable movie when I watched it in the theater two years ago -- watching it now is a completely different experience . I was acutely aware of the nuances in picture and sound ; it gave me a renewed appreciation of movies I have long forgotten ; Sahara , The Bourne Supremacy , Van Helsing , Serenity -- these were movies I just browsed through -- not anymore . For the first time , I could see picture clarity and hear high-fidelity sound in a format that not only plays HD DVDs but regular DVDs and CDs as well -- and all these for half the price of Bluray . On top of it all , HD DVD boasts more titles in its library than Bluray . Only time will tell when all the major backers of Bluray will jump ship to HD DVD.Update
 As most of you have probably done periodically coming to amazon and checking the reviews for this player you might have noticed the steady increase of reviews -LSB- very positive reviews -RSB- each week . I was also curious as well and ever since this piece has hit the market I 've continued to read those new positive reviews and statements which have finally convinced me to purchase a player and leave a review myself.I am a professional custom audio/video installer in a city with a very competitive market for high dollar high end equipment and have simply been blown away with this piece . Installing and being around $ 10,000 plasmas , audio/projectors/screen setups neighboring in the range of $ 40,000 - $ 300,000 has given me a fair standpoint of reference I 'm confident enough to say . The bottom line is this player outputs the highest quality video I 've seen and it 's not insanely expensive either compared to other would be high end players that are n't even as advanced . All of you home theater buffs out there considering buying a `` high qaulity '' standard DVD player with upconverting capability stop in your tracks and save your money for crying out loud . Regular DVD players can not begin to compare even if they do have great upconverting ability . This is n't your father 's DVD player . This is a whole new technology and a whole new format.Yes I know this player doesnt have a name that starts with a D or it 's not a boutique-esque brand with years of history or it might , and I certainly hope not , cost as much as a set of cables you own ; do n't furrow your brows any further and rest soundly in knowing this player will make your monitor/screen look it 's very best . If you think your Sat/cable HD receiver makes your set look great get ready for a whole other ballpark . I laugh at HD broadcasts now.Whats this I hear ? The loading time is long ? Really ! you ca n't spare 1.5 minutes to be bathed in glorious resolutions like many people have never seen before ? Fine ! Be that absurd then and let everyone else enjoy what is the finest in video reproduction.The remote is horrible ? Yeah , and , so what ? With a picture like this I 'll gladly shrug off a tiny tradeoff such as a crumby remote and still be happy without a universal remote to replace this one . Yeah it 's big and bulky and will be smaller as they refine their manufacturing procedures , but so what . When you see your set look the best it 's ever looked you 'll be in utter awe and will have the satisfaction knowing you are watching movies as they were intended to be watched.As far is blu-ray is concerned and the rage over 1080p I really do n't get it . It 's twice the price and I do n't see twice the qaulity by any means and I certainly do n't see as many titles available . I looked at the blu ray demo and then walked away to look at the HD-DVD demo as many as 6 different times back and forth really watching for what I regarded as the best picture and blu-ray could n't convince me to spend $ 1,000 . Will blu ray make your larger than 50 inch monitor look better than HD-DVD with it 's so called 1080p resolution ? I ca n't say with certainty yet as I 've yet to see both formats on anything bigger than 50 inches . I do know however that if you go HD-DVD with anything 50 inches or less you will be immensely satisfied . Additionally from what other reviewers have claimed that have purchased both formats HD-dvd simply delivers the goods better at half the price ...
 Offers everything you need to enter to the next generation of HD movie watching . Great picture and audio quality at half the price of Blue Ray .
 I got the HD-A1 last week as a business investment -- I write multimedia books and do a lot with video . -LRB- To be honest , I probably would have waited to get for a second generation HD DVD player if I was n't employed to research multimedia . -RRB- But if you 're a die-hard High Definition -LRB- HD -RRB- video fan , then I would get this unit * if * :1 -RRB- You have an HDTV unit with an HDMI input . Last year , I bought a Sony BRAVIA 40 '' LCD , and it features an HDMI input . HDMI is the one of the latest input technologies that is digitally uncompressed -LRB- no analog signal -RRB- straight into the HDTV unit . Many devices now feature HDMI outputs , such as my Comcast HD DVR -LRB- made by Motorola -RRB- . If you do n't have a TV with an HDMI input , then I 'd probably not get this model because the standard definition DVD signal can not be `` upconverted '' to an HD signal unless you have HDMI .2 -RRB- You get the latest firmware . Several home theater online forums have posted links to the first firmware update for the Toshiba HD-A1 , and it solved a lot of issues for a lot of people . For me , it fixed an audio signal problem with DTS on my Sony AV receiver . Prior to that firmware update , I noticed an audio glitch on the center channel while watching HD DVD 's such as Jarhead or The Chronicles of Riddick .3 -RRB- You do n't mind being a bit of a guinea pig , and you are patient . This unit is very slow compared to regular DVD players . When you first turn it on from standby , it can take about 1 minute to go through the boot cycle -LRB- the unit is essentially a computer -- it has a Pentium 4 processor with 1GB of RAM ! -RRB- , and an additional wait time -LRB- around 30 seconds -RRB- to load an HD DVD disc . Once the disc has loaded , though , it 's smooth sailing.I 'm a little unnerved that the audio CD player functionality is n't more comprehensive . This unit has an ethernet port to connect to your home network and the Internet -- why ca n't album information display when I pop in a new audio CD ? It just displays a generic `` CD PLAYER '' title at the top of your TV screen -LRB- if it 's turn on -RRB- when you insert an audio CD . Seems to be a huge waste of processing power to just display that title.The unit 's look also harkens back to the days of the first VHS VCR 's that hit the market in the early 80 's . I mean , seriously , this thing is huge compared to today 's technology like an Xbox 360 or a slim DVD player . I have a feeling that Toshiba is making this unit much bigger than it needs to be so that Americans think they 're getting something for their money . Maybe that 's just the wannabe Canadian in me talking . But , I honestly do n't think the internal hardware needs all of that room to function properly.At the end of the day , though , it 's currently the most affordable way to get the _ best _ HD picture on your brand new HDTV . The picture is way better than the HD picture quality I get from Comcast with HBO HD . I have yet to see any compression artifacts show up when watching fast paced action scenes . If you love watching movies at home and have the budget to buy this piece of equipment , I think you 'll be happy with the results .
 From the very beginning , even before Blue Ray was announced , It made sense that the name for the next generation DVD would be HD DVD ! . When I bought my TOSHIBA HD-A1 player , I was totally convinced I had made the right choice . Having been a part-time film projectionist and film collector before DVD was born , I have always watched my movies on a BIG screen . With the Toshiba HD-A1 , and my OPTOMA HD76 projector , I am projecting on a 10x5 foot PANAVISION screen , and the image is comparable to a superb 35mm print and almost reaches 70mm quality . It definetly surpases Super 8mm and 16mm film quality.The sound quality is at least as good if not better than present day DTS . Being the first player of its kind on the market , it is not so overpriced , -LRB- Remember the prices of the early DVD players were $ 300 - $ 400 , ten years ago -RRB- . All the reviews about how big and heavy it is , and how slow it is in loading the discs , they are insignificant when the projector iluminates the screen , and I forget where I am , other than in a pure CINEMATIC experience ! . The TOSHIBA HD-A1 is a heavy-duty DVD player.I now own a SONY BDP-S1 Bluray player . It was worth the wait . This is a well built machine , very similar to the TOSHIBA in quality and workmanship . It has added features such as customized video controls -LRB- color , brightness , hue , etc -RRB- . The quality of the Blue-ray movies is just as good as the HDDVD discs . The early reports of substandard picture quality may have been due to the first SAMSUNG Blueray players which had some bugs which were resolved with a recent firmare update.I have also tested the SAMSUNG player , and it has excellent picture and sound quality , but I preferred the SONY because of its better built frame and features , and thus , the higher price.Regarding the uncompressed PCM 5.1 channel sound option in the Blueray movies , if you can connect the SONY player to your receiver via 6 channel individual RCA connectors , you will enjoy the most spectacular sound.Humberto Martrinez , Coral Gables , Florida
 I 've had my HD-A1 since July and I 'm extremely pleased with it . Its true I 've had to upgrade the firmware twice , well , I am an early adopter and upgrades come with the territory . - insert the upgrade disk and hit `` play '' - no big deal . I had to call telephone support when I first got the player , it would n't talk to my new Samsung display over HDMI , the response was quick and knowledgeable and they got me the new firmware within a week . I 've received another update automatically.The picture quality depends on the source material . Some disks are better than others . The surround sound is excellent . I 've had some rental disks that made the player gag until I got in the habit of cleaning them before playing them . It only makes sense that with greater data density fingerprints etc would cause more problems.What surprised me most is the image improvement when up-converting standard definition DVDs . I 'd had another up-converting player and this one is much better.It seems that the remote was designed to look at , not use . My eyesight is n't bad but I have trouble reading the button labels even in bright light . As many have said before me `` what were they thinking ? '' , but who uses the factory remotes anyway ? You have a programmable multi-function remote do n't you?This machine is really a Linux-based computer with upgradable software - and how long does it take your PCs to boot?As consumers we would do well to note that Sony owns film and TV production facilities and it may not be in our best interest to cooperate with their efforts to control the delivery technology .
 Cons : Slow Startup -LRB- Booting Up -RRB- Chassis light , basically a HD-DVD ROM DrivePros : STD Def movies look amazing at 720p or 480p . Stretching is minimal if any at all , compared to a normal Progessive DVD player . Fills 50 '' without a hitch.HD-DVD 's from NetFlix of course , look just downright amazing.Bonus - It comes with a HDMI cable which is a nice touch . .
 To be honest , I normally would n't buy a toshiba DVD player . I 've heard of some people having problems with reading DVD+R in some Toshiba DVD players . However , i 've owned a Toshiba microwave back in the day and that thing lasted over 10 years ! That alone was proof that Toshiba was capable of making a good product . But yes , I know those are completely different things!Couldn ' t find it locally so I bought it online and got it overnight . Hooked it up and had no picture . That was easily fixed by pressing a button on the remote to switch to HDMI output.I 'll admit that with my first playback of a HD-DVD I was not very impressed . I was actually more impressed with the sound compared to my old DVD player more than anything ! Yes , the video quality is great , but it just did n't blow me away . Maybe I was expecting to much . It 's disappointing that most of the new HD-DVD titles are just re-releases of older movies . To my eyes , Apollo 13 looks only slightly better than the regular DVD version . I guess it helps to point out that I used this player on a Sony KF42WE610 42 '' Grand WEGA that is only 2 years old.Strangely , my TV died 3 days later and I 've fixed it immediately and upgraded to a 1080p display -LRB- the Westinghouse -RRB- . While my TV was down I hooked this DVD player up to my PC display -LRB- the DELL 2405FPW -RRB- and it will NOT work with the HDMI output using a HDMI-DVI convertor . It just shows `` DVI ERROR '' . No big deal for me . Who would use an HD-DVD player on a 24 '' LCD anyway?I have some minor issues with this DVD player . First , it 's too big . It does n't fit in my Sony stand . Instead it 's sitting on a shelf . I bet in two years they 'll have one that 's half way the size . Second , it takes one minute to start up . Third , I ca n't change subtitles on HD-DVD movies using the subtitle button . I have to go to the DVDs menu instead . This is a big deal to me . Fourth , the menus are somewhat slow . Why ca n't they be faster ? Fifth is the remote . It looks nice , but it could be smaller . It 's nearly impossible to use it without looking at the text on it unless it 's the ones you 've remembered . Sometimes the text on the remote is very hard to see . I prefer the soft rubber -LRB- ? -RRB- buttons over the hard plastic/metal ones any day . Sony seems to make the best remotes EVER.I should also note that I have zero problems playing DVD-R media in this unit . I have n't tried DVD+R or VCDs in it . It will NOT play ANY PAL . This is somewhat disappointing for me . Luckily I have another player for that.All these are minor issues . This DVD player seems to be bug free . It seems most DVD players have some minor bugs in them at first . Surprised this did n't have more . I can recommend this DVD player . Now why are n't more HD-DVDs available ?!
 I purchased the HD-A1 last week , but had not purchased any HD-DVD movies , although I will have them by weeks end . I did watch SD dics , and the upconversion was excellent , I ca n't wait to view HD movies . The remote is somewhat bothersome , but , I have a Harmony 659 , which controls my entire setup . I have the HD-A1 connected to a 62 '' DLP Toshiba , and a Yamaha 7.1 Surround system , it does n't get any better . If you can get one , go for it .
 I will admit , I was one of those people sitting on the fence about HD-DVD . I was an early supporter of Blu-Ray . I wanted to wait to compare the 2 formats . Im sorry I waited . I wished I would have bought this machine sooner . THE TRUE hi-def dvd player is here . Trust me . Do a lil research online and read about the problems that Sony is having with the Blu-Ray dual layer discs . Not to mention the horrible device Samsung released . The HD-A1 also upconverts your old dvd 's to an amazing quality . At half the price of Blu-ray , and seeing the horrible mpeg 2 encoded Discs that Sony is passing off as hi-def , there was only one choice . Wonder why Sony keeps delaying it 's own player now ??? Buy it . Play it . Believe it .
 I purchased this one in the states and wrapped it up in bubble wrap and put it into checked luggage from the states to Spain . Plugged it in when I arrived -LRB- using a transformer -RRB- and it started right up . Pretty amazing considering how luggage gets tossed about ... I use it with a Hitachi HD front projector on a 106 '' wide screen , HDMI for the image and a 40 ' coaxial digital cable for the audio . No complaints here - the image is stunning and a significant step-up in sound quality .
 I have been waiting for these players for a long time , and have kept up on the technology . Let me tell you that the picture is stunning . I ca n't imagine watching high def on satellite or cable with the station identification icons ruining the picture . These movies are better than going to the theater . I chose HD DVD because the Laser pickup is similar to regular DVD making it very reliable . On the other hand Blu-ray has a very shallow laser pickup making it very easy to misread because of scratches and fingerprints . HD DVD is definitely the better of the two formats . I 'm very pleased I chose this format .
 Now the picture and sound is awesome , I mean that what is expected with a new generation of DVD correct . The best part is the value $ 499.99 for early adapters is awesome compared to the competition blue ray which is $ 999.99 . The only difference is blue ray hold more data for an extra $ 500.00 . If you own an Xbox 360 and can wait another 6 months there is an HD DVD add on that will cost about $ 150.00 - $ 200.00 so that good two . The disk holds about 30 gig 45 max so there will soon be the entire Star Wars trilogy on just one disk ! Awesome ! Now the HD DVD can do 1080i blue ray can do 1080p , which is like grapes , to grape juice there is no real difference at all . If you are used to looking at HD pictures you know what I mean . There is a lot of hype behind the two formats but I think HD DVD is the best way to go for cost and brand honesty .
 Overall I am very pleased with the HDA1 player at least in terms of the HD DVD discs . But one of the reasons that I purchased this player is because it is advertised to upconvert standard DVDs to near HD quality . This was a big selling point since there are n't that many HD DVD titles available yet.When I tried to play normal DVDs using the standard High Def component cables a message appeared on the screen told me that the up-conversion was prohibited and the resolution was reduced to 480p . So , the hardware is capable but the system can still prevent the player from utilizing the advanced features.The remote control could be significantly better . The text is very light on a black background making it very difficult to read . Also , some of the buttons - buttons that the manufacturer apparently feels you wo n't need very often - are under a `` slide cover '' . You have to open the cover to reveal the buttons . This is a bad idea and I really do n't care for it.The player is also very slow to respond to the remote control at times . Whatever you do - do not keep pressing buttons as it remembers the buttons that you press and will jump all over the place once the unit catches up.Another bad idea that I do n't much care for is the DVD tray itself . It has an outer door that drops down to reveal the -LRB- standard -RRB- DVD tray . Judging from devices that I 've had in the past it 's only a matter of time before the outer flap stops flapping . When this happens the player will probably quit working . There are probably limit switches on the flap that will prevent the player from operating if the flap is n't in the proper position , so even if the door is removed the limit switches will have to be defeated as well . Hope I 'm wrong about this one!The audio outputs are a bit odd -LRB- in my opinion -RRB- . There are the standard red & white RCA style jacks for `` 2 channel '' audio out . However , to there are seperate RCA jacks for the FRONT , CENTER , and SURROUND speakers for the 5.1 channel surround . May equipment must be out of date because I 've never seen anything like this before . Looks like I 'll have to replace the stereo unit as well just to get the 5.1 audio.The Ethernet port is handy for downloading firmware updates when they become available . It is also suggested that some HD DVD software may include links to HD DVD specific web content . None of the titles that I currently have use this feature . The funny thing is that Toshiba put the port there for this function then has roughly a page and a half of disclaimers saying that they 're not responsible if it fails or the content does n't work , etc.If Toshiba had been really smart they would have included the ability to play media files from a PC , particularly if it did not require a special OS such as XP Media Center Edition . How cool would it have been to be able to display pictures downloaded from your digital camera or your home moves without having to burn them to a disc ?
 I must say that I am totally blown away by this player . I havepurchased 3 HD-DVD 's and the image quality it amazing . My wifewho is not really big into this stuff immediately was commentingon how clear the picture was on our 50 '' Grand Wega LCD TV -LRB- HDMI - DVI-HDCP -RRB- . We then played several SD-DVDs on it and again wewere wowed.I have had no lockups and it is as fast loading as I can want.Who needs Blu-Ray when I can guarantee that I can play not onlyHD-DVDs , SD-DVD , DVD-R and DVD-RAM disks that I had recorded aton of old VHS movies too ... . Not sure if Blu-Ray can do this ornot and now I do n't care . This is the best bang for your buck.Oh ... and the remote control was listed on the Harmony websiteand I now control the player with my Harmony 880 .
 This unit is well built , does the job it 's intended to and does it well . I can only say good things about it in HDDVD mode , it looks and sounds fantastic . Upconverting SD discs is better than my previous LG upconverting DVD player which also used HDMI and it did a pretty darn good job as it was.Only downsides for me are the price -LRB- yeah I know it 's new -RRB- and the remote . It 's near impossible to read in a darkened room . Thankfully I have a Harmony 880 remote and I just updated it to have the HD-A1 on it and problem solved.One side note , I have a Toshiba 50HDX82 rear projection HDTV with DVI port and using a HDMI to DVI cable it works great . Thankfully my TV was one of the ones just before HDMI showed up so it managed to have the requisite HDCP compliance built in.I 'd recommend it for anyone that has a system capable of taking advantage of it and has the extra bucks . If you 're not in a rush just wait until Christmas and get one then .
 I also was going to sit on the fence but like another reviewer , I have a new 1080P TV and I was anxious to see how good a movie could look on it . I had no problems whatsoever with my Toshiba . It had 1.4 but the load time was no problem whatsover for me and the rented -LRB- Netflix -RRB- HD movies never paused , skipped or refused to play . Quite a value to be sure . I can still remember going to Best Buy and hearing a salesperson put down HD DVD in favor of Blue Ray . If you are one that believes what a person trying to sell something says without doing some type of homework , I pity you . Blue Ray tripped and fell at the starting gate . It 's all over the internet and in every consumer electronic magazine .
 This player really is a wonder for the price I got it at -LRB- $ 400 + a $ 75 dollar gift certificate came with it -RRB- . It 's got the best build quality of any disc player I 've ever owned . ROCK SOLID . Weighs a ton . I saw the `` upgrade '' HD-A2 , and it 's a shoddily built piece of crap by comparison . Buy the HD-A1 while you still can ! But beware , it 's a bit picky about DVDs and CDs ; plays HD-DVDs beatifully period though , and that 's what its real purpose is .
 While not a big Sony fan , I have long wondered about their failures with the Mini Disc audio technology and also the BetaMax from years back with a concern -- and a question -- when will they win one of these format wars before selling a buttload of machines that in the end -- are dinosaurs before their time had even come ? Well , they finally won a big one with BluRay , albeit it will never be sold on me . I purchased this player a year before the format war ended , and Toshiba giving in to BluRay and thus ending the war that had initially picked HD DVD to win it all . That being said , what I did was begin to load up on all the classic movies I could find off of Amazon and Ebay DIRT CHEAP that people began to unload due to the `` fact '' that HD DVD is now `` dead '' . So , I have a DVD player in this , it has upgrades that automatically booted itself into with the ethernet connection I installed -LRB- my Sony BluRay had NO such updating , you had to do it by `` hand '' with a DVD ROM -RRB- , AND I have a 300 + / - movie and TV show collection of HD DVD video that will last me a lifetime . Toshiba is great about fixes , and has promised to due its part in keeping these things running as long as possible , but the way they are made initially makes me think it would take an earthquake and the house burning down to destroy the player -- its solid . So , I am impressed with the movie quality on HD DVD , the players themselves , and the fact I am still searching and collecting from Amazon.de -LRB- Germany -RRB- for MORE HD DVD 's means game on to this very day!LONG LIVE HD DVD!Auf Wiedersehen ...
 toshiba did it right when they came out with this bad boy player.awesome sound and picture and easy setup.the player can get the updates like any other player.i would really recommend this player and future models.would like to see this player come back out and give the other players a run for their money.thankyou very much toshiba !
 I got this product for christmas and have been very satisfied with it since then . I have a 720p Optoma HD70 projector -LRB- 100 '' -RRB- that I use with the hddvd player , so I know I am not seeing the entire capacity of the HDDVD player , but let me tell you ... going from a regular phillips dvd player with an `` upconvert '' to this ... wow.I am a college student and have movie nights every sunday night with my friends and they have all noticed a significant difference . The upconvert is slightly better , I would say probably at 15 % at best , and seeing the few HDDVDs that I have bought since I got this have shown me how great it is . Transformers looks incredible and Planet Earth is just something else . I am sure that it looks even better on a real 1080p and will probably give it a look whenever I go back home , since my dad has a 57 '' 1080p TV at the house.Pros : - Price-Fantastic Quality-Better upconvert -LRB- you will never get HDDVD quality with regular DVD , but it does a good job of making it the best it can be -RRB- Cons : - Size -LRB- kinda big -RRB- - When I first tried using this product , I got sound with no video and was very confused . It still does this but I have figured out what to do . Even tho it is technically `` playing '' I have to push the play button to get it to play on the video . Minor inconvenience but whatever ... I bought it refurbished and thats probably the reason.Conclusion : I want to give this 4.5 stars not 4 , it is a great product , especially with the price . I just didnt like how big it was and that I had to make adjustments to get it to play , but I am sure no one else has this problem so I only mention it in the event someone does and goes WTF ?! I am a big movie buff and love watching them , so take it from me when I say that this is a perfect buy . I doubt you need the newer more expensive products that are out unless you really need it to be smaller.Equipment : Optoma HD70 Projector -LRB- 720p 100 '' -RRB- ~ am using about 85 `` The wall -LRB- no projector screen -RRB- RCA HDMI Link Cable
 I was once a die hard Blue Ray supporter , but then both formats were released . I have to say that my $ 1000 Blue Ray player disappointed me VERY much . For that much money you would hope to get a product that at least competes with a format that has a player for 1/2 the cost ... well Blueray did not compete . I returned the Samsung Blue Ray player and and bought the Toshiba HD-A1 DVD player instead . I have nothing but rave reviews for both the player and the HD DVD format . Never did I see my Blue Ray Player perform like the Toshiba HD-A1 DVD player . Add on top of the increased performance the fact that it cost $ 500 less . I now have a growing collection of HD DVDs . I have been enjoying the best HD picture that is available on the market . I also have been enjoying the amazing upconverting that the Toshiba HD-A1 is capable of with my standard DVDs . It produces an amazing picture with all my standard DVDs - even better then my $ 700 upconverting DVD player I used to use . The way I see it , it is a Win - Win situation ! Do n't just believe me - go take a look at the threads on AVS Fourm those guys KNOW home theater and spend hours a day tweaking everything to perfection . The consensus over there is that the HD DVD is walking all over Blue Ray .
 Do n't hesistate to get this player . PQ with HD-DVD and DVD is top notch . Highly recommended .
 I bought this player in early May . Never a glitch or hiccup . It does a beautiful job of upconverting standard DVDs too . Well worth the money for upconvesion alone . HD DVDs are amazing !
 It has been a few days 22 June 2006 since the Samsung Blue Ray player has been available . I wanted to see it first before jumping at the Toshiba HD-DVD which has been out a few months . I have now seen both in action . True , they were not side by side and had differnt monitor and different titles . But initial impression and later confirmed after 15 minutes of viewing ... is that even though the Blue Ray specs look superior on paper ... Toshiba HD-DVD has much better picture quality . I think that is becuase Hd-DVD uses a next-generation video compression codec , while Blue Ray uses old and tired MPEG-2 codec . The next question is whether there is any reason to wait to buy a rumored `` universal '' player that would play both formats ... I do n't think so . As a bonus feature I will relay that over on audio visual science forum avsforum there are rich individuals that have actually purchased both the HD-DVD and Blue ray and have reached the same conclusion . Frankly , I 'm stunned . The fact that Blue Ray outputs 1080P -LRB- which many monitors do n't accept -RRB- while HD-DVD outputs 1080i is irrelevant . The fact that Blue Ray has higher raw volume storage capacity is irrelevant . This is because HD-DVD looks like it has a video codec algorithim processing that is 200 % more efficient than MPEG-2 on blue Ray . Amazing .
 I just received my player 2 days ago and after watching Chronicles of Riddick , Tomb Raider , and LOTR Return of the King -LRB- to check the upconverting -RRB- I am totally happy . Great picture on both HD DVD disks and upconverted DVD disks . A little slow but much quicker than I expected after reading the other reviews prior to purchase . Highly recommended .
 Toshiba was a major player is the development of DVD . Sony wanted it all and lost out , having to work it out with Toshiba and join their DVD parade.Now , years later , Sony wants it all again . They want control over the next generation high def DVD format , so we now have a format war.Toshiba 's first HD-DVD player is great ! It 's up-conversion of standard DVD is the best I 've seen and the actual HD-DVD image is fantastic . The best HD picture quality I 've ever seen.I 'm sure Blu-Ray will be great as well . It 's just too bad that this format war is on . But I 'll tell ` ya , at half the price of the cheapest Blu-Ray player , buying HD-DVD is a no brainer.Would you want to spend $ 1000.00 on the Sony or Samsung Blu-ray player and get no movies , or the Toshiba HD-DVD player and get 25 HD-DVD movies for the same price?Blu - ray might have Sony 's Columbia Pictures locked up but HD-DVD has Universal Picture 's and Dreamworks saying they are going HD-DVD only.Yes , it 's a war .
 I have owned this player for 2 months now and it is a AMAZING piece of machinery.The player is slower than a standard dvd player but after you see the picture you will never care about load times again.Toshiba has been nothing short of top notch with costumer service , with already 3 firmware upgrades to date!If you have a HDTV starved for HD content you need this player ! I could go on all day about how HD DVD is better than Blur-ray but most of us who have done our research know that Blu Ray is all about broken promises and greed . I am very much looking forward to King Kong , Batman Begins , Lord Of The Rings and the Matrix trilogy on HD DVD this fall , Do n't miss out !
 I purchased this beauty on October 30th -LRB- a day or two before Toshiba started offering their 3 free dvd offer -RRB- , and I have been very pleased !! The video quality is absolutely breathtaking . I watched Mission Impossible 3 , and my friends and I were blown away by the picture quality and the great sound . I have Superman Returns , Superman , Superman II
 This new firmware update for the Toshiba HD-A1 -LRB- and HD-XA1 -RRB- addresses certain disc playback and HDMI/DVI related problems identified by Toshiba . I recommend ordering the disc -LRB- did you send in your card for future updates ? -RRB- , because it takes only 10 minutes to update your player , whereas it may take up to 45 minutes via the internet.Since updating my Toshiba player , it has worked like a dream ! No lock-ups , sputters , or hiccups . Btw , I recommend ordering HD-DVD discs from Amazon , because they have better sale prices .
 I struggled with HD DVD vs Blu Ray but in the end the price and the technology being compatible with standard DVD was a big factor in my decision to go with Toshiba . Having owned the player since launch -LRB- a few months now -RRB- I can confidently say nothing on HDTV air/cable compares with the picture quality of this player which should be set to 1080i no matter what HDTV you own . There was a hiccup during playback but the problem was instantly fixed by the firmware upgrade - I was very impressed with how Toshiba has constantly upgraded the firmware on this player which now with 2.0 gives you full Dolby True HD and DTS HD support . This player is a steal at current prices which is cheaper than some standard DVD players . Highly recommended .
 I bought the unit , got it home , and played some movies through my HDMI hookup . It looked flawless , even better than how the store demo unit looked . By comparison to seeing blu-ray in action , HD DVD completely blows it away . Unfortunately , the player I bought had a glitch that caused the hdmi port to fail . Returned and exchanged it , and my second unit works flawlessly . I 've had a couple of the lockup problems , although none ever during playback . Its just a matter of turning off , unplugging , then replugging and turning the unit on again . I guess thats the price to pay for such wonderful technology as an early adopter , but I would n't give this thing up at all . It works wonderfully as an upscaling dvd player . If you 're considering an upscaling dvd player , just spend the extra few hundred and buy this . You wo n't be sorry .
 This first out of the gate product for the HD DVD format has hit a grand slam on all fronts.Picture quality and sound are a very wide leap forward in the quality we get from standard DVD . The unit is sturdy , well built and I havent had any operational issues with it , even with the original firmware . My only real complaint is the remote . It is bulky , non back lit , hard to use . Get yourself a programmable remote and live in High Definition bliss.While the player does take about a minute to start , it is no big deal , grab a soda and snacks . Heck , some DLP TVs take a few minutes to warm up properly.The hardware allows for the image of perfect digital clarity , gone are the days of macroblocking , edge enhancement and artifacting on standard DVD . If you feel that DVD is OK , but could always look better , HD DVD delivers .
 Trust me , you 'll be saying the same after watching HD-DVD . The Toshiba player itself is very good overall . Build quality is great , it 's built like a tank , strong chassis and Made in Japan.I do have a gripe with 2 things about this player . The first is the remote control , overall it 's really bad . It 's too long , buttons are too small and no backlight . However , a universal learning remote fixed that problem.The second problem is the loading time of the player . It takes about one minute from turning it on , loading it up and playing the disc . However , recent firmware upgrades have reduced boot time by about 15 seconds , I 'm assuming that future firmware upgrades will further reduce boot and loading times.Firmware upgrades are made via the onboard LAN connection . You just plug the player to the internet , make sure the internet settings of the player are correct and click for an upgrade and it downloads and installs the firmware in about 30-45 mins . If you can not connect to the internet for some reason such as an internet connection not being available in your home theatre room you can just mail in a card that comes with the HD-DVD player for free firmware upgrade CD 's to be received in the mail whenever they are available , or you can call Toshiba 's excellent customer service and they will take down your information and send you the firmware upgrade discs.Picture quality is the biggest improvement . Colours and flesh tones are much more realistic , the picture is sharp my TV 's sharpness is turned off for HD-DVD and it 's still VERY sharp and the detail is very fine and distinguishable.Sound quality is very much improved . Dolby Digital Plus makes the soundtrack of a movie more powerful , clear and more discrete/directional . I recommend using the 5.1 analog connections for DD + because using optical/coaxial output down converts the signal to DTS.Finally , the biggest reason to buy this player , the price . For a new technology and first generation player , this player is a great value . Unlike the Samsung Blu-Ray player which is $ 1000 , has many problems and video quality that is sub par -LRB- due to single layer discs using an old compression codec in MPEG2 -RRB- with no extras on Blu-Ray movies . HD-DVD movies cost a tad bit more than new release DVD 's and it 's one of the reason 's why I am suddenly upgrading a chunk of my library.Trust me , you will not regret this purchase , I certainly did n't .
 I purchased the HD-A1 player when it was first released in Mid-2006 and have been using it on a regular basis alongside a Blu Ray player.The quality upgrade from SD-DVD to HD-DVD/Blu Ray is incredible . . but this review is for the player , not the software.The first thing you 'll notice about it is it 's size - quite large in every dimension -LRB- height , width , depth -RRB- and just about matches my high-end receiver in this aspect . I 'm not too worried about the size since it does seem to be very well made -LRB- unlike some plastic DVD players I 've used in the past -RRB- and the size is expected from new technology.The unit has a variety of outputs on it , everything from Composite to HDMI and audio options from RCA to optical to 5.1 channel dedicated outputs -LRB- 6 separate audio cables -RRB- . The power plug -LRB- like most newer high-end electronics -RRB- is the large 3-pronged plug you 'd see on a PC , PS3 , Xbox 360 , etc. . One of the first things you 'll notice when starting it up
 I did something that I usually do not do ; buy a first generation electronic format . I usually have a rule to wait at least a year to 2 years . I do this for two reasons , 1 - usually it takes that long for all the bugs to be worked out . 2 - The quality of first generation releases are usually bare minimal to get a release . Plain ol' DVD 's are a FAR cry from what they were at first release . There is a 3rd reason that is specifid to formats that have multiple format releases -LRB- HD DVD and Bluray -RRB- . I waited almost 2 years to buy a progressive scan DVD player that played both SACD and DVD Audio . I knew people that chose a format when it was first released and went out and purchased a universal later on . Knowing all that and throwing years of regiment out the window I went out a got the Toshiba HD-A1 player.The Positive : I picked up 3 films as well and I watched 2 right off the bat
 I 'll admit , I was initially in the market for a Blu-ray player , but considering all the bad reviews Blu-ray has gotten and the great reviews the HD-A1 has gotten , I had to go with the format that has proven itself.The positives I have seen so far : - Price . At less than half the cost of the Blu-ray players and a better quality picture , the A1 delivers . - The PQ is simply the best when playing HD-DVD 's . Definitely the best looking material my 50 '' plasma has displayed . - The upconversion of standard definition DVD 's rivals the PQ of 720p programming . This alone is worth a couple hundered dollars , maybe more . - Well constructed . Has the look and feel of a high quality piece of equipment . - Great product support . Some folks may complain about the frequent product updates , but I find them a blessing to know Toshiba stands behind their products.The negatives : - The remote stinks . Nice fancy construction , but the unlit buttons are terrible in darkness , although you learn to navigate it by touch after a few movies . - The load times are slow . Takes about a minute to start a movie , but I 'll admit , it 's less annoying than having to go through a dozen previews on some standard DVD 's . On a positive note , the software updates are cutting into the load times . - Taking a chance on the format war . This product could be obsole , and that has been my biggest fear . But seeing the markets response to HD-DVD , Toshiba and company would have to really drop the ball hard to lose this war .
 AS PROMISED THE PICTURE IS FANTASTIC . IT TAKES A WHILE UNTILL IT LOADS UP HOWEVER I DO NOT FIND THAT TO BE BOTHERSOME . YOU DO NEED A HDMI JACK ON YOUR TV OR IT WILL NOT OPERATE . THE ONLY NEGATIVE IS THE REMOTE WHICH I REALLY FIND DIFFICULT TO SEE AND UNTILL YOU START TO MEMORIZE THE BUTTONS ITS TROUBLING . BUYING FROM AMAZON WAS A BREEZE AND SAVED ME A TIDY SUM AND SUBSEQUENTLY A PURCHASED A VIDEO RECEIVER ! HIGHLY RECOMMENDED !!!
 I 've known about this player for a while now . Everyone that was tech savvy was talking about it and had filled me up on all the info . I knew HD would be inevitable , obviously , and said , this will be my next player . -LRB- That said my previous player was a first Gen Phillips Magnavox of which still works great -RRB- . And because of this player I wanted to get an HDTV as well.Well now that I 'm all set up I have to say this player does not dissappoint . Toshiba did a bang up job of making a quality piece of technology . The upconverting feature is great , and while it varies from SD DVD to SD DVD you notice a difference . Now watch something like Batman Begins HD and now you 're soaring . With TrueHD capabilities , it 's surprising how HD has n't taken over this format war and blown it out.Drawbacks are mainly for being a first gen player would be , that it is a bit bulky . Loading takes some time , and the remote makes you feel reminiscent of the 70s . But all are minor once you compare to everything else out there . And thanks to Toshiba 's tech support and firmware updates , many small glitches like audio sync , SD DVD freezing and even load times have been remedied.I recommend getting this player over any other next gen one after this . As it will be the only one with 5.1 analog . They 're scrapping that off the next ones down the road.Blu Ray promised alot . And has n't delivered . Almost quite literally as Sony is having their problems . Let 's hope the studios see this too , and jump on the HD wagon in time for the holiday season , and we can get all our favourites in HD .
 I purchased this player from Amazon and quickly received it the next day . After hooking it up , I immediately ran the 2.0 firmware update to enable 5.1 TruHD sound.The first HD-DVD I played was Troy . First thing that impressed me was the menu system . It 's very smooth in that you can change settings on the fly and access special features while the movie is playing . This is different than DVDs , where you have to hit ` menu ' to bring up special features.Now on to the really good stuff ... the picture quality is astounding . It 's just as clear and as colorful as watching Discovery HD , with a couple extra advantages . There is no ` macroblocking ' where you see squares during quick movement . The other advantage is that the video is very smooth during panning shots . Usually with broadcast HD you get jitter during slow moving shots . You can really see a lot of detail in your movies and it 's just a pleasure to see.The sound is improved as well . How can you beat 5.1 lossless sound?Lastly , I was expecting this player to be very slow since that 's about the only complaint I 've heard . Maybe it 's because I immediately updated to 2.0 , but I really did n't think the player was as slow as I thought it was going to be.I 'm very excited about HD-DVD and hope the good movies keep rolling out . I 'm picking up Batman Begins soon and have heard it looks great .
 Excellent picture quality . Upgrades non HD DVD 's to an improved picture quality . Required a firmware update which was sent to me from Toshiba -LRB- cd-rom disk -RRB- , did n't want to download the firmware update over the internet but that is available.Very large remote with small buttons , the more expensive model is back lit which would be an advantage.Has longer than normal load times , more computer like in this regard . I feel that it is a very sofisticated DVD player and I am very satisified with the results.Have not experimented with the audio portion as of yet and do not notice an improvement in sound as far as CD 's are concerned .
 I recently purchased the a1 for 500 $ after comparing side by side the 800 $ xa1 and seeing the inards are identical , i can deal with a remote that does n't light up and save 300 $ . Ok , at first the hdmi would not work you may need to do a firmware update which you can do online if you have a high speed connection , once i did that it worked perfect . Before i did the update i hooked it up using component and that was a huge improvement over standard dvds . I purchased about a year ago a pionner elite dv59avi for 1k $ and was very skeptical to spend more money . I was told by A rep at tweeter to save my money . I 'm honestly very pleased that i got it i really am into this stuff and love movies and it is amazing picutre quality.I find it better than a movie on hbo or showtime that is in hd . I was also blown away by the sound its amazing , crisp and clear . You can use coaxial or optical which will make everything dts and that sounds great or if you do not have a receiver that has hdmi which i did n't even after paying 4k a year ago for a pioneer elite 59txi however if you have the multi channel 5.1 you can use that to get dolby digital plus both sound great.Pc world and electronic house named this to there top 100 products of the year . Also Sound and vision magazine after doing a thorough review of the hd toshiba player and then next month the samsung blu ray , it gave round one to hd dvd stating the dics consistently looked better . Not that im knocking blu ray its unfortunate there is n't one player but after reading everything i could i chose to go with the hd dvd player for starters.Word of advice if you go to best buy , tweeter , circuit city , or any place out there it seems do your own research dont rely on anyone that works there . Most have n't heard of it , most of the time i found no stores to even have it hooked up for you to see , found more stores ie circuit city and tweeter to have blu ray displayed . Ive been told everything from all dvds are hd to there is no such thing . Do your own research . One more thing the wait time for the player cause its basically a computer . Just be slightly patient once you turn it on , tap the buttons gently and wait before hitting the same command over and over then your just going to freeze it like a sales person in sears kept doing . It just takes a minute and its well worth the wait . I hope this helps .
 IMPORTANT UPDATE
 This new player from Toshiba -LRB- HD-A1 -RRB- is the greatest DVD player I have owned . The picture with a High Def . DVD is a total experience in perfection . This is proyected on a 10 ' x 5 ' screen using my BenQ PE-8720 HD proyector . To describe the picture imagine a 70mm film print beign proyected using a theatre 70mm proyector . As far as upscaling a regular DVD to 1080i it surpasses my Sony upscaling DVD player -LRB- NS-3100ES -RRB- this is a $ 500 . dvd player . The regular DVD picture in this Toshiba is very , very close to a High Definition DVD , period . I am very happy to have purchased this machine , and I thank Amazon for it . Now , my home theatre is complete . By the way , the sound is the best I have heard with 7 channels of separation and incredible fidelity .
 This machine is absolutely fantastic . I have my HD-A1 hooked up to a Toshiba 42HDX82 TV and a Denon AVR-2800 , and the results are stunning ! I have watched several HD disks since I purchased the product , and I have had NO trouble with the unit whatsoever . The sound reproduction is crystal clear through the Denon receiver set on 6 Channel External utilizing the Toshiba built in decoder . The video display through a very long 3 meter -LSB- and very expensive -RSB- HDMI cabel is virtually flawless.The HD-A1 also breaths new life into old DVDs . The upconversion seems to vary from disk to disk , but , by and large , it works very well for both video and audio.The unit is a bit large , but certainly not unattractive , by any means . Its innards are essentially those of a Pentium 4 computer , thus the need for the fan , which makes NO noise whatsoever , as opposed to some other reviews I have read . Yes , it does takes a while to boot up . So what . Given the strengths of the unit , I can well live with the wait . It gives me time to make popcorn!Shelling out 500 bucks for a new technology may seem foolhardy to some people , but for those of us who really enjoy high quality audio and video , it 's worth every penny . If you think about it , early high quality new format machines -LSB- CD , DVD and VHS -RSB- were just as , if not more , expensive given the value of the dollar at their time of introduction . HD-DVD disks are only marginally more expensive then standard dvd and that certainly will go down in time.I strongly doubt that Sony 's Blue-Ray format will win out over HD-DVD , simply because of the cost of the player and the disks , not to overlook the compatibility issues . Adopting a new disk format after CDs and DVDs have been on the market for so long , and have become a familiar standard , will not seem logical to most consumers . And keep in mind , that in the past , Sony has come out with a few bombs . Remember Beta?I recommend this machine without reservation . Just keep in mind that it is a first generation machine . Certainly there will be improvements and more features added in the future . But if you have an early adoption mentality as I do , grab one . You wo n't regret it.Next month
 Main points first :1 . HD-DVD is absolutely stunningly gorgeous , the single best source available today . It makes HD cable channels look lousy , and legacy DVDs like streaming Quicktime . I want more , now .2 . DVD playback is about as good as can be expected , considering the low-quality nature of DVD sources . If HD-DVD does n't take off , this box wo n't be a doorstop
 Great player . But , very slow . Slow to turn on . Slow to turn off . Slow to play .
 The thing I noticed when I first turned on my player was the high level of the noise emitted from the drive . It 's louder than my old video tape unit.The audio connections caused me fits . The user guide is n't clear enough for us average , non-audiophile types . Time for a new amplifier it seems , if you want 5.1 . It was a plus that it came with a HDMI cable .
 We 've had the HD-A1 for almost a year now . By this time , I 'm pretty sure this model has been replaced by an upgraded version . Nevertheless , I 'll give the basic run-down , as most anything I say about this model can be applied to newer versions.The picture quality is fantastic , no question about it . I have an upconverting DVD player , but the true HD quality of the Toshiba easily rivals it . Plus , this unit does a good job of upconversion in and of itself , so it serves dual duty . PQ between this and a blu-ray is a toss up -- they 're both the same.The downsides are few , but they are there , and may be enough to deter some people . For starters , the included remote , although very cool looking and retro , is straight up impossible to read in the dim light most people watch movies in . Until you get the remote memorized , you will have to turn the lights on to use it.The next gripe comes with a delay of sorts when powering on . When I first got the unit , I would hit the power on , then hit it again , then hit it again , and nothing would happen . After doing a little research , I basically realized I had to point the remote at the unit , hit power , and wait almost a minute for the thing to come on , from there , it took about another minute until the thing was ready to accept a disk.However , this little bit of tedium is easy to get by once the movie is rolling . Plus , I 'm sure these problems have been , or are being , delt with by Toshiba.My advice ? Wait until the format war is over , then pick up a unit . By then , prices will have lowered to resonable levels , and the hardware will have had all the bugs worked out .
 You might not get an HD DVD player right now but sooner or later you will get one . This new techonlogy is the last puzzle to get perfection in the home theater experience . First was the sound and now is the image what matters.HD DVD even comes with a new sound definition -LRB- Dolby Digital Plus -RRB- I do think that this player is very solid , it delivers what was offered by Toshiba and even if your HDTV is small you will still enjoy the picture you will get , but you might need to sit closer to the screen if the set is not too large.The bad thing about the unit is the Remote control , but I guess you will fix it by getting a universal one.Some folks will complaint to much about how slow is to start and load a movie . Of couse it is like that !!!! This is not a regular DVD Player , This is more close to a computer.Last comment
 Pros
 First
 Had this DVD player for a few weeks now and I could not be more pleased . Well worth the money . I have it hooked up to my Panasonic 42 inch plasma TV and the picture is outstanding . The HD-DVDs are stunning and my regular DVDs look better then they did on my old machine . This player has a powerful computer inside and it must load the information when first turned on and when a DVD is loaded . The wait time is minimal and still makes it worth it . People have mentioned an issue with the noise and connections . To me the connections and manual are easy and set up nicely . The sound is a cooling fan that is not loud at all . Not worth a complaint as far as I am concerned . I am glad I bought it . Another nice thing is that when new software updates become available , they are free in either a downloadable format or free CD-ROM mailed from Toshiba .
 We got our HD-XA1 in about 2-3 weeks ago and man it just looks so awesome . We have Apollo 13 and Last Samurai and have been so pleased with the quality of the picture . We have not yet received any of the HD-A1 but have been getting a steady stream of HD-XA1 . Once I receive our HD-A1 display I will right a review about it and how it compares to the HD-XA1 . JamesAVCreationsRT 611 Fountain CourtBartonsville Pa. 18321
 The Toshiba HD-A1 is a very thoroughly reviewed product . You wo n't get any suprises . This is an excellent first generation player -LRB- after firmware upgrades -RRB- but will surely be uninteresting when compared to future generations.I agree with all the positive and negative reviews . The main positive is that the images look great and it works well . I 'm not so bothered by the negatives of slowness , uninteresting remote , audible fan noise , or non-1080p limit . However , I will welcome the future HD-DVD generations into my home . Expect smaller , lighter , quicker , smarter , cheaper and 1080p units early next year.Mine came with a 6 foot HDMI male-male cable .
 I was planning on waiting until the dust settled in this format war before making a decision on which player I 'll be buying . With heavy studio support for HD-DVD and Blu-Ray I soon realized that regardless of my choice , I would probably be able to enjoy my new HD movies for the next three or four years as neither format is going to `` win '' by 2007 . When I heard that current HD-DVD discs actually hold more information than current Blu-Ray discs , I knew which choice I would make.I 'm sure as you do the research , you will hear good and bad news on the player . I 've experienced no problems with my Toshiba player but I do have to quip in that the remote is pretty bad . Luckily , I have a universal remote replacing Toshiba 's remote so my annoyance is pretty minimized.The other qualm many had , the slow boot-up times , is definitely a factor . It might seem inconvenient when you 're quickly demoing many movies for friends , but if you 're sitting down to watch a film you do n't really notice it as much . I 've only seen a few movies on it so far but have experienced no lock-ups whatsoever.Now , for the real important part ... the picture and the sound . Is it worth it ? Yes , it 's incredible . I have an older HDTV and even through component cables I could see the difference between an HD-DVD disc and broadcast HDTV . There is simply no pixellation or compression whatsoever and your movies will look flawless . When I went back to DVD on movies I already had in that format -LRB- Enter the Dragon -RRB- , I could n't believe my eyes . The picture was crisp & smooth and it made it easier to enjoy the movie.Waiting is still a choice , but the wait might be very long until we get to prices similar to what DVD costs today . If you 're thinking about jumping in , and you 're the type of person that tends to prefer watching HDTV -LRB- even if its something boring -RRB- just because it 's High-Def , I do n't think it 's too early to buy a next-gen player . Now is a great time . I think you 'll be pleasantly surprised !
 I was a little nervous about the early adopter aspect of getting this player now , but my experience has been great . The only issue I had setting it up was when I misunderstood how to select the analog inputs on my receiver ... in almost no time I was enjoying fantastic picture and sound quality on the HD DVDs . I had heard of problems with glitches and such , I have never seen any ... my unit came with firmware 1.2 installed although after watching a couple of movies I upgraded to 1.4 -LRB- not because of problems , just because that was the first opportunity when I was n't using it to watch a movie -RRB- . I was very impressed with the ease with which I was able to upgrade the firmware . I 'm very happy with my HD-A1 and excited about the future of HD-DVD !
 This is truly the next generation and hd dvd is like watching true film in your home ! Crisp , stable picture quality and excellent sound through the analog audio outputs ! Just an incredible value for $ 499.99 as this machine is built like a tank ! Highly recommended .
 This thing is awesome . The picture and sound are phenomenal.Pros :1 . Awesome picture . The colors and clarity have to be seen to be believed . The bigger your TV , the more you 'll notice this . Compare Standard Definition cable tv on a large screen tv to hd-dvd and you 'll never want to go back .2 . Incredible sound . I have an older A/V receiver that only does Dolby digital and DTS over the fiber connection . It downconverts the Dolby Digital + soundtrack to DTS and it still sounds way better than Dolby Digital and most DTS soundtracks I 've heard . The range is amazing .3 . Price . HD-DVD is 1/2 the price of blu-ray and the picture is just as detailed if you compare it to the blu-ray demo disk . And if you compare it to the movies that have been released on blu-ray , HD-DVD wins hands down . Sony really needs to work on their movie releases and get their 50 GB disks out .4 . Upgradable . I had an issue with HDMI that I was able to resolve with an upgrade over the internet . Very convenient.Cons .1 . Slow . As you can imagine , the first generation of blu-ray and hd-dvd players are slower than regular dvd players . That 's because they 're basically computers . This should be resolved in the next batch of players they build . It takes me about a minute to start watching my dvds on this .2 . Remote control . I 'm just glad that I do n't have to use it . I already had a universal remote that I use . The one that 's supplied has very hard to read labels .
 I got the hd-a1 over the weekend and i luv it so far . I also plan to get the panasonic blue-ray player when it comes out here state-side because it got rave reviews in japan . But for now i 'm a happy bird watching hi-def dvds and upconverted dvds on my 42 ' panasonic plasma , the best hdtv , man ! . The setup took no time and hooking up hdmi was just like any other cable . I was worried about the initial load time initially but when i searched the web i realized this was not my unit but a common ` problem ' . But anyway my new unit has no lockup problems nor does it freeze . Image quality in 1080i is AWESOME . You have to see it on a big screen like my 42 ' panasonic plasma the best hdtv , man ! to believe it . Not only the resolution but the color is just great . I just wish there was better hd dvd titles . I 'm still getting the blue-ray from panasonic in july or august . But i say the hd-a1 is a really good value and if you do n't want to spend more than $ 500 big ones , go for it . Just make sure you have hdmi input on your hdtv . Get a panasonic plasma , the best hdtv man !
 In terms of current High Definition Players , The Toshiba HD-A1 is the best player for your money . The Picures are pristine and pop and the player does an excellent job of upconverting standard DVD 's . The only gripes i have is the somewhat slow load time -LRB- appx 60 seconds -RRB- Rant : The HD DVD format is far superior to blu-ray at this current juncture due to many problems with sony 's inability to produce their single layer media with any yield consistency . Also they are using a less than efficient compression format that produces images that are not up to HD DVD standards . Why spend double with blu ray when you can get a better image with HD-DVD . Until blu ray they can show that they have fixed all of their problems , HD-DVD is your best bet .
 Have enjoyed greatly the clarity of the HD DVDs compared even to the up-converted standard DVDs . Better than HD thru cable . There is no question start up and commands are slow ... this is a small computer with its own firmware which can be updated . Once play is selected just sit back for the best picture in the house . I run my unit thru a gefen HDMI 4x1 switcher which works very well since have 3 different HDMI inputs to my widescreen Sony 34 '' Wega CRT TV . One word of caution , do the HDMI switching BEFORE turning on the unit or else you will get an error code ; no problems with the other HDMI input devices . Great presentation but the control unit is a dinosaur , I guess there had to be a reason for the difference between this and the expensive brother XA-1 . At present time the best buy on the market !
 The best part is that you can upgrade the firmware directly . . I recently upgraded it to 2.0 and now it does play Dolby - True HD in 5.1 format . I watch the HD-DVD on 62In Toshiba 1080P and picture is awesome.Just wish that the startup time was faster , it takes arround 50 secs to start and play HD-DVD .
 I bought this at Best buy and have watched , Aeon Flux and Chronciles of Riddick and they are AMAZING looking , Charlize theron looks amazing in HD . For the money you cant go wrong . I would say get this right now instead of Blueray , Blueray at the moment doesnt have as good of picture and has tons of bugs currently . HD-DVD is the way to go .
 While it would seem that the world is against HD-DVD , touting the merits of Blu-Ray Disc format and the almighty `` 1080p '' difference , any owner or viewer of this player in action would immediately remove a shadow of a doubt as to the abilities of HD-DVD . For starters , the point of the move to high definition -LRB- 720p/1080i/1080p -RRB- is to have improved picture quality , and the quality that the Toshiba HD-A1 outputs is remarkable . If you have a suitable display device , you will be hard-pressed not to notice a great improvement in the quality of the movies you see.If the concern lies that 1080i is incapable of equalling 1080p , ask yourself the following questions :1 -RRB- Does my display device support 1080p input ? 2 -RRB- Would I not consider buying an HD-DVD player that had 1080p output further along the road , as this would be my only HD-DVD purchase?If you said yes to both questions , then perhaps you would shrug off HD-DVD . But most likely we have all purchased more than one DVD player , and the future of HD-DVD will be 1080p . It is only the Toshiba which is limited by 1080i . But if your current display device can not even support 1080p , then what 's all the fuss about ? The HD-A1 outputs an astonishing image -LRB- be sure to buy or rent Serenity , Chronicles of Riddick and Training Day -RRB- with astonishing sound quality to boot.If you 're on the fence between Blu-Ray Disc and HD-DVD , read reviews online to find that most are dissatisfied with the current status of Blu-Ray . HD-DVD is available now at half the price with a larger catalog of movies , and if this ends up being the loser in the format war , you 're out $ 500 instead of $ 1,000 -LRB- were it the other way -RRB- . And in the mean time , you 'll be enjoying one of the finest productions available.Enjoy HD-DVD !
 Not sure about the review mentioning lock ups , I have not experienced any lock ups . However I believe the lock up the prior review stated , probably runs the cables through an incompatible 3rd party hdmi switcher of sorts which causes handshake problems . i have mine directly connected to an HD projector and I have no such problems.First of all , this unit is solid . Its about 20 pounds and built like a tank . its style is very similar to what youd find with the new amplifiers , plasmas and hd tuners out there . So aesthetically it should match well with your other hd equipment . The feels like a real high end product , heavy metal chasis , built like a tank and very classy looking . A minimalistic and pleasing look IMO.My HD DVD library consists of about 20 titles so far , and the HD DVD format has proven to be consistant in quality transfers . Bordering on exemplorary . The unit also outputs at 1080i , which is what most HDTVs output now . Chances are if you own an HDTV it wont be supporting 1080p . Guess what ? the sammy bd1000 is not true 1080p as sales people keep reciting . It actually pulls a 1080i video from the disc and uses an internal scaler to reconvert to 1080p within the unit , so the source material is actually 1080i . You WILL get the same effect if not better results just having the display innately scale the material to 1080p instead of the sammys internal scaler . So this whole 1080p nonsense is just marketing mumbo jumbo with the bd1000 unit currently out.Now heres the thing and truth that you should probably be aware of before deciding between the bd1000 and the hda1 . HD DVD currently uses 30 gig mpeg 4 vc1 codecs , while ALL current gen Blu Ray discs use 25gig mpeg 2 -LRB- standard dvd codec -RRB- , Blu Ray discs do not use 50 gigs , at least not yet . So make sure you do some research about it before deciding on anything blu ray yet.regarding the HD DVD , it includes an ethernet port to update firmware , or you can send in a registeration card and Toshiba sends you them on disc via snail mail . Current out of box firmware is 1.0 , and there have been several new updates already . Newest firmware as of today is 1.4 which should fix any bugs at launch.The video is crystal clear and the audio is a big step up over anything Ive heard on standard dvds . But where this unit shines most is in the video department . Home theater magazine , and sound and vision have both given the player very high marks in terms of fidelity in both video and audiol . If you own an hdtv , you should pick one of these units up and see what youve been missing . Once you watch an hd movie , its very difficult to go back to standard resolution , regular dvds just look ugly in comparison.HD DVD , starts bordering closer to the resolution you find at your local cineplex or imax . Edge enhancement is a thing of the past , no longer are compression artifacts plaguing the image and color saturation is bumped up several levels . Contrast and lines are all razor sharp , beads of sweat , facial pores , street signs , all easily discernable . HD DVD is the next level of movie viewing and brings you that much closer to the imax experience . the image is clear , pops out at you and more 3-d like than ever.For $ 500 , this component is dirt cheap , as regular dvd players of good quality easily surpass that mark . but with this one you get HD DVD . This also plays all your regular dvds ! not only does it play them it upconverts them to 1080i resolution and has already proven to be one of the best upconversion players in the biz.However there are quirks in this player , i.e. sensitivity to added components in the hdmi chain like switchers -LRB- this is what firmware is for -RRB- , the remote is very nice , but pretty much useless in the dark , I just use my universal remote , and boot times are equal to something like a PC . Reason being the BD and HD DVD machines are similar architecture to PCs.the quirks however are quickly forgotten the moment you watch a movie in high definition . and then you wonder how you couldve ever thought how those standard dvds in the past were ever considered remotely decent looking.This is just whole different ball park .
 The A1 is built like a rock . Owned the A1 for four months now . It works like a charm . You 'll get use to the remote and slow start/loading time . Once the HD DVD movie start , boy , you forget about loading time and feast you eyes on the amazing picture quality . The sound is also wonderful with the 2.0 firmware update with TrueHD 5.1 channel sound . I watched the HD DVD of Seabiscuit and Batman Begin last night , and both were the best picture quality I have seen to date . Batman Begin was rocking the house with the TrueHD sound using the analog 5.1 channel on the A1 . The upconvertion of SD DVD to 1080i is not too bad either . I also bought the Samsung Blu Ray back in August , but it went back to the store after a few weeks . The A1 and HD DVD consistantly have better pictures quality and sound quality for less than half the price of the Samsung Blu Ray .
 Love this machine . Excellent PQ and sound from HD-DVD 's also does very well upconverting SD DVD 's too ! Excellent Value !
 I have owned this for a month now and it is an awesome product ! It does have its quirks , but for anyone interested in getting the most out of their HDTV , it is well worth the $ 500 ! It has the best HD picture quality that I have seen anywhere and is noticeably better than satellite/cable/ota HD productions . Also , the sound is really awesome as well -- so you really get a WOW impact from your home theatre . As a plus , it also does a really nice job upconverting standard DVDs so as to maximize their picture quality -- though they are still well short of HD DVDs.There are some cons to keep in mind . The unit is quite slow to start up because it is more like a computer then a DVD player . But I just leave mine on which helps a great deal . Also , there were some initial quirks including lock-ups with this unit which were largely fixed through a recent firmware upgrade . There is also a fairly limited availability of HD DVDs but it is steadily growing . You can rent HD DVDs from either Netflix or Blockbuster online.Here is a basic summary : ProsFantastic picture quality on HD DVDsGreat sound on HD DVDs ; very good sound on regular DVDsUpconverts standard DVDs to maximize picture qualityNice user menus and additional featuresConsLimited HD DVD availabilitySlow to start-upOther quirks -- e.g. , occasional lock-ups -LRB- but largely fixed by firmware upgrade -RRB- Take up a lot of spaceOverall , I would highly recommend this ! Good luck with your purchase !
 In August I purchased the Toshiba HD-DVD player . Not only do HD-DVDs look great , but ALL DVDs look great . I would rank both HD and SD -LRB- standard definition -RRB- DVDs as superior in picture quality to HD-TV channels . This is because of the upconversion ability which converts 480i standard definition DVDs to 1080i . Even though HD-TV channels broadcast in either 720p or 1080i , their signal is still compressed and often `` noisy '' . I recently viewed theremastered Blade Runner , an SD disc upconverted to 1080i by my player , and it looked fantastic -- the best version of Blade Runner I 've ever seen . So Ido n't hesitate to watch ANY DVD on the Toshiba . It would be worth the purchase price just for its ' rendering of standard DVDs !
 Click over to the Blu-Ray buyers and you 'll see why most early adopters are opting for the Thoshiba HD-DVD player . Those who purchased BR -LRB- yikes -RRB- have an overwhelmingly bad or negative experience with their $ 1000.00 players ! Yikes again . I 'm a bit of a techno-geek , so I 've been awaiting this new and improved DVD format for quite sometime . After perusing and reading what the pundits had to say , I dumped my idea of going Blu-Ray and instead went with Toshiba.I was under the impression that Sony would be walking away with the trophy for the format . The early information coming out at least pointed that way . I like Sony and I purchased a fairly expensive projector from them and thought I would also go to Sony BR as well . From what I 've read , the HD-DVD format has been outselling BR by a ratio of 5 to 1 . Could it be the price ? Quality ? It 's both . Why would one fork-out twice the money to get half the picture ? That 's what it boils down to.I got mine just a few days ago , hooked it up to my 1366x768 res . projector and voila ! The best video avialable for masses . I 've had the opportunity to watch several titles and there 's no comparison between SD-DVD and HD-DVD . HD wins hands down.It ai n't just the picture ! Yes everyone talks about the great picture quality , btw 1080i or 1080p ai n't a big thing . The sound coming out of this thing is another BIG seller and its ' nothing short of theatre like , granted you have some decent home theatre gear , the sound will blow you away.I must add , that Amazon was good enough to refund me $ 40 back , following a price drop after my purchase in a two week period . Kudos to Amazon.It 's early , but with the early lead we seem to have a vivid choice.PS-the remote could have been better .
 Very well built . Easily upgradable over internet.Picture fantastic , much better than blue ray!I have both and the HD-A1 makes a MUCH better picture.Don ' t believe the 1080p vs 1080i bull . The data is the same , this is only an issue if you have a CRT display . Digital displays show the information EXACTLY THE SAME ! HD-DVD has a much better picture than BD because it is on 30GB with VC-1 compression -LRB- much better quality in smaller space -RRB- while BD is on 25GB using MPEG-2 compression -LRB- uses larger space and with smaller space to begin , must compress movie loosing much of the HiDef benefits -RRB- . Only problem is it takes about 50 % longer to start up the machine or run a disk than on the BD , but considering the better picture , twice as many HD-DVDs available , and HALF THE PRICE , this is a very small problem .
 I have this HD DVD player connected to a Sony 42 '' LCD , with a resolution of 1,366 * 768 with a DVI input ; I connected the DVD to the monitor with a Monster cable HDMI-DVI ; also the DVD player is connected to an Onkyo Home Theater 6.1 System , through the Optical input.The image quality is Excellent , I had no problem connecting and configurating the HD DVD player . About the sound , the quality is excellent , like almost all players connected through Fiber Optical cables to an audio system with Dolby Digital and DTS decoder.I simply connect the HD DVD player to the monitor with the appropiate cables ; to the H.T. system with Fiber Optic cable , and to the power . Turned it on , configure it -LRB- Languages , screen type , Audio -RRB- and that is all I had to do.I do not give it 5 Stars because the size of the player , it is huge in comparison with any other DVD player . and the remote control is terrible , I can hardly read the words on it , it has no illumination at all , if you are planning to use it in a Home Theater enviroment , it would be really annoying .
 Building a bi-amped PA speaker cabinet required a single connector , and this is as good as any I 've seen . No surprises , great price , and great service .
 Easy to assemble and good quality product . Was shipped on time and very good price . Allowed me to reuse some cables that 1/4 '' connectors .
 I dont use them all the time but when I dont have the right cable these guys save the day big time !! highly recommend these to any sound guy .
 SUPER ECONOMIC , THIS HAS BEEN THE SUPER SAVING IN MY BUSINE$ $ , LAST LOOOONG TIME RECOMENDED 100 % , WORK PERFECT , VERY HAPPY AND i AM STILL USING IT
 I got these for my home audio system , and was a little uneasy when I realized that they were aimed at the car audio market . But in audio , the main factor is avoiding crosstalk , and we measured these to be as good as premium-quality audio cables and clearly superior to mass-market cables . The shielding is clear plastic with an extra , solid strand of plastic shielding in between the stereo channels . The only slight issue was that the narrow red and white rings marking the connectors is hard to see against the dark blue connectors -LRB- plugs -RRB- . The connectors are gold-plated , and grip well but perhaps not as well as premium-grade cables . That should be no problem , however , since the cables themselves are flexible and lighter-weight .
 Found these MIDI parts I needed at a reasonable price . They arrived in a decent time period and were exactly the parts I expected .
 ordered the plug and received it very fast , good service . the plug is just what we needed . will order again when we need more .
 Good quality and cheap price . Make sure you buy more then one item to cover shipping . Pretty bad when shipping cost 400 % more then the actual item .
 It does have a little gap at the top but it 's still a pretty cool partTo add if you add an aftermarket radio . It holds CDs or whateverBut I use it to set my iPhone in sideways so I can see if I getA call without looking down . It 's really easy to install and takesOnly a minute or less to do it .
 Like everyone else says , it does n't look 100 % stock , but it 's so easy and makes it look good , and is cheap on here . Bolts right in.Worked great in my 1993 gmc c1500 sierra extended cab . The radio had to come out as well as the seperate tape deck , this is the pocket for the space left behind from the radio . Again , like others said , would be nice if it was a tad deeper , but it 's still sufficient .
 I bought this product for my '94 Chevy K1500 . I replaced the stock radio/cassette player , and this required me to remove the radio from the dash above the steering wheel . The resulting space was large and quite deep , and I did not want to cut plastic molding and cover it up , so I bought this replacement pocket . The screw holes line up perfectly , however there is a little space along the top seam that does n't line up exactly -LRB- this is not a large problem -RRB- . Another issue I had with the fit is the depth of the pocket does n't take full advantage of the space left by the removal of the radio . If Metra had made this pocket about three inches deeper it would have allowed much more room in the pocket itself and taken full advantage of the space provided . Other than that it is a great product .
 This come in exactly as I expected . A pocket for my dash and saved me 10 dollars . Very satisfied with the cost and the short length of time it took to receive !
 I am very satisfied with this product . It was a good fit and very easy to install . looks very clean and professional .
 this product worked so well it saved so much time and money . Absolutely fantastic . just a few screws to attach , it fits well in the dash and looks like it was always there very satisfied
 I have been wanting to get this for a while . Let me tell you , it made a world of difference ! Could stand to be a little deeper , though . Was a booger to install , but im not very mechanically inclined
 I bought this to fit in my 1994 Full size Blazer because I had replaced my stock stereo with an aftermarket one . It was easy to install and gives me room to put my cell phone , CD 's , wallet or whatever in it . It did n't fit tight all the way around but it was minor . Overall , very satisfied .
 It 's a dash panel filler . What else is there to say . I really do n't need to leave a long review . kinda wasting my time to type so many REQUIRED CHARACTERS
 Nice looks , cheaper than the equivelant Sony and does the job just as well . It 's able to play my CD-R 's and music burned from iTUNES.com -LRB- aac - mp4 -RRB- . It also has a nice little remote .
 I purchased one of these , primarily on the basis of one of the reviews here , which claimed the player would play wma or mp3 discs , which was a feature I would have liked . Of course , I was suspicious because no where else on the internet , in any other product review or description , could I find this confirmed as a product feature . I do n't know where that reviewer got his AZ3300 . So , short of the fact that my own AZ3300 will play neither mp3 or wma CDs , otherwise it seems so far to be a perfectly fine player . It appears to be well built , and looks and sounds good . If it was n't for my elevated expectations , I do n't see why it would n't deserve 5 stars . But if you expect this to play wma or mp3s you are going to be very disappointed .
 I am incredibly impressed with this product - so much so , I bought a second one . It plays mp3 files as well as wma files , which I did n't expect -LRB- wma , that is -RRB- . The sound coming from the little box is beyond what I would consider acceptable for the money spent , and the way the remote is stored is really clever . NO COMPLAINTS at all , I just love it .
 I must admit the sound is great , the features are plentiful and the price was good . The only complaint I have is that the belt clip broke off the first hour it was being used . I tried to call Philips for 3 days to order a replacement part but their message is `` Call back later , we are exceptionally busy now . ''
 This is a great CD player ! The bouncies of the road , running , walking or driving do n't disturb it ! Of course , the only drawback is that it does n't come with car adapters , and they can get pretty expensive . But , for the money it costs , it is a wonderful buy !
 You will read and hear that `` all CD players sound the same '' , but it is n't true . Certain brands and certain models sound much better than others . Among portable CD players , the Philips models sound much better than any other brand , at any price . Philips is not as well known in America as some other brands , but they are the second largest consumer electronics company in the world and the coinventor of the CD . If you buy a Philips CD player you will hear a warmth and realism in your CDs that you have n't heard before . You will hear nuances and subtle details that you did n't know existed . Before you buy any other brand , do yourself a favor , find a Philips and play a couple of your favorite CDs - it will be a revelation for you .
 I was so disgusted with CD players ... they either broke down , skipped , all the usual . This one is unreal , the sound quality is better than my large stereo system . I have compared it with other players and nothing even comes close to the crispness and depth of sound . The case is sturdy and it rarely skips even when I am biking or running . I had never paid attention to Philips before but they really know how to make an excellent product . I recommend it without hesitation . This is better than CD players that cost over $ 100 .
 If you 're looking for a CD player to play hot CD 's while you workout at the gym or outside , this is it ! You can even burn your own cool mix on a computer , and this player plays it beautifullly without ever skipping a beat . I even used this player while doing step aerobics to a video at home , it never skipped . The quality of the sound is superb and the headphones are awesome ! They are not those dinky kind that barely hold up , these headphones are really well built . The included belt clip makes sure the player stays secure to my waist while I exercise . I love this CD player , I 'd give it 10 stars if the rating went that high !
 This is an awsome CD player , with Akaline battery life lasting almost 24 hours , and a electric shock protection that NEVER misses a beat . It 's lightweight and the headphones it comes with produce better sound then my stereo sytems ! The buttons are easy to understand , and it 's sleek design makes it small enough to fit in my pocket -LRB- ok , ok , so I admit , I 'm sort of a raver/goth type that has really BIG pockets , but that 's beside the point ... -RRB- When I first played it I shook it rapidly while on my favorate song to test the ESP , and it did n't skip at all . Now I use it when I work out or just chill with it instead of using my stereo -LRB- as said before , the sound is better -RRB- Most definitly 5 stars !
 It 's kind of hard to tell by the picture , but this CD player really is purple ! Kind of a dark , metallic purple , but purple all the same ... Prince would be proud . Anyway , about the player - I dig it ! The buttons are easy to access , the sound is awesome , and while I have n't had much time to really use the thing , it has n't skipped yet . The headphones are a nice size -LRB- ca n't stand those in-the-ear ones -RRB- , the bass kicks , it 's a quality product .
 I have had a Philips personal stereo for about 4 years , and finally decided to go for a CD player . I was pretty happy with Philips , so was comfortable buying this CD player . Also , rather inexpensive -LRB- not sure about the cheaper players -RRB- .1 . I was very happy with my earlier player , since it had big stand-out button controls which I was very familiar with -LRB- big play , smaller ffwd & stop ! -RRB- , and could handle without looking at them . Guess most players now-a-days come with ` digital ' buttons , so had a tough time controlling the player - even now , only do the play/pause , stop and shuffle -LRB- only ! -RRB- without looking -LRB- grope near the display -RRB- - but which are all I ever use , really . Thicker -LRB- dome-shaped -RRB- buttons would be nice ... One more point
 Ah yes , I remember when I bought this long ago . It was a great CD player . Too bad I broke it one day in a fit of rage .
 when I first got this cd player , I didnt really like it untill I popped in a cd and put on the headphones.OMG , the sound Quality is very good and if you turn on the bass , it sounds as if youre in a concert hall !
 no skipping!Fab compact shape ! Great sound for the money . Some extra kooky features I still ca n't figure out but hey , it looks impressive.The color is pretty close to black , which for me is dandy , if you want electric prune you 'll be sad to be sure.I highly advise another pair of headphones , those swoop ones , the headphones that come with the player ae fine but if you need to use this for the treadmill etc. . . become oh so cumbersome.Great for the money though !
 I bought this set to hang on the kitchen wall . The convenience of a combined DVD was a major factor in the purchase decision . I 'd read the reports criticizing the audio but decided to take a chance and buy it anyway - and I 'm glad I did . The audio seems OK to me . Half-volume at 13 ' away across the other side of the kitchen is more than adequate . Audio quality is also fine . Anywhere near full volume is way too loud . I really do n't know what the complaints are about - volume ? audio quality ? or both ? The picture quality is also superb as is often the case with Sharp and the DVD is so user-friendly it 's a pleasure to use .
 Could n't be beat . One got beat up in shipping but they sent me a new one before FedEx could pick up the old one . Way to Go ...
 I brought this HDTV even after reading the previous two reviews . Now that I had it for a while , I can say that this one excellent HDTV . I will address the biggest complaint in the two previous reviews , the sound quality . Well , the sound system to this TV will not be overpowering to anyone but it also quite functional . Chances are , if this is your primary TV set , you will have the sound system to go with your HDTV so the TV 's audio system would be immaterial . If this is a back-up TV , then the audio system is good enough for casual uses . I live near an airport and major road network and I do n't have any problem hearing this TV set . It would be nicer if the speakers were better but it does the job.On the other hand , the picture quality , colors , contrast and everything else that goes with this type of TV is simply superb . I have tested out many 720p LCD set and I think this one got it all beat . This set also come with a build-in progressive scan DVD player that is tailor made for your DVD collection - that is your regular DVD collection and not the Blu-Ray or HD stuff . If this is your first HDTV buy and you got a large regular DVD collection like I do , then buying this set is definite no-brainer . So what you have here is a 720p LCD HDTV that is definitely one of the best in its size , with a DVD player to boot and only weakness is that the audio might be slightly underpowered . I still gave it five stars in the end because the audio weakness did n't bother me at all . Of course , my hearing could be better then the previous two reviewers .
 build quality is great . picture is great . volume output is too low making the tv hard to hear if there is any ambient niose whatsoever
 I wanted a flat screen with a build in DVD to minimize clutter . The speakers and DVD player are hidden from view.I sampled a number of 26-32 inch TVs at best buy and this TV had the best picture and best black color -LRB- from which I gather is a problem with some of the flat screens -RRB- . All in all a great TV -LRB- both functionally and looking -RRB- .
 This is completely awesome -- portable , cute , convenient and loud ! Its loud enough for its value , you ca n't really expect a lot but I love that it folds easily and you can pack it away . Its not loud enough for a car -LRB- for me anyway -RRB- , but at a social with friends or some quiet music and alone time , its perfect . Its definitely an essential , at an awesome price .
 I bought 3 of these Layer-3 switches to replace some Layer-2 switches , and they work great . I like getting discontinued product at drastic discounts ; less than 1/3 the price of the original switches.The setup was very easy ; so easy that I had them configured before I installed them , keeping the network downtime to a minimum.I just bought 2 more for another project , and have recommended them to others .
 Trust me - I know networking ... :--RRB- I have two of these gizmos and they work just fine . Tremendous value . Nice features , good performance , nice Web interface . Look to ebay for GBIC - I found a good deal for about thirty bucks . I expect that most folks would be pleased with this switch .
 No regrets , I 'm going to buy more of these if they are going to be available . Best value for money and everything I could ask for . This switch made my network so much better .
 I use this switch to mainly to inject power for a few Cisco 7960 -LRB- pre-standard -RRB- phones . The switch has a bunch of enterprise-like features , like VLAN support , fiber GBICs , console connection , etc.Be aware that this little switch has a fan , so it 's noisy . If fits nicely in a rack with the included rackmounts , but is n't a switch you 'd like to have on your desk .
 This system ROCKS ITS BASS is so Good . It Has 2 input Jacks For Games Gamecube Ps2 and xbox all work . Beleve me it is well worth the $ . it has a usb 2.0 for computers an a nice remote that can change the song or dvd chapter on your computer when conected to the usb . The five cd changer is so cool . the woox level buttons glow . it has 3 gameing modes . THIS IS THE BEST SHElf system ever made it is the bomb buy this system BOTTOM LINE ...
 this is by far , the best stereo i have ever bought . with it 's 330 Watts of power , and it 's 5-disc CD changer , it 's an awesome buy . with the wOOx subwoofers , you get exelent bass sound , and with high volumes , and high ammounts of bass , the subwoofer bounces around , it 's cool . I use the gameport to plug in my Xbox to it , so i get great surround sound , with two 6.5 inch woofers , two 6.5 inch wOOx subwoofers , and two 2 inch ferro-liquid cooled tweeters , instead of the small , 2 inch TV speakers . there is only three problems i have encountered in my several weeks of ownership of this stereo , all of which are easily solved ; it 's a big stereo , and it 's hard to find a place to put it , the gigantic speakers make my TV look a little dinky , and it does n't play cassettes , which is no big deal , seeing it has an auxilary input on the back , which allows me to plug any old cassette player into it , so i can play my Led Zeppelin cassettes ;-RRB- if you can afford it , and you want a top-end stereo , i strongly suggest you buy this stereo . 330 watts is more than enough power to fill almost any room . and with it 's `` Incredible Surround '' setting , you can create surround sound for almost any room . unless the room you are planning on filling is the size of a movie theatre , you should be good with this stereo . before i bought this stereo , i looked at the Philips FW-C577 , which is much like this stereo , but without the wOOx subwoofers , and a slightly smaller prise tag . it costs about $ 50 less . but , if you like great bass , i suggest you bite the bullet , grab an extra fifty bucks , and buy this stereo . much better sound . i checked it out the other one at Wal-mart , and this one is better .
 Ok , I have owned this stereo for a while now and i have 1 10 '' Sony Xplod hooked to it if you get it just right it will push the 10 '' Pretty nice but the only problem i have with it is the fake speaker thing -LRB- Yes it 's fake it is just for looks -RRB- And at high volumes it tends to hurt the bass sound with a nasty rattle.But other than that it 's a kick ass stereo
 I 've owned this Philips mini stereo system for about a year , and I 'm generally happy with the purchase . The 5-CD system has good sound and many nice features , such as a remote control , sleep function , and Gameport connections . I also like the way it looks , especially the large knobs ; however , it does take up a fair amount of room for this type of stereo system.The only real complaint I have is that the CD changer is slow and clunky . When I try to switch from one CD to another in the 5-CD shuffler , the system is very slow . Push the button and you hear shuffling noises for quite a long time before the CD actually switches . The display is also sometimes confusing - I often can not tell whether the next CD is going to play , or whether I need to push another button . Because the changer is slow , I sometimes wait awhile realizing that the next CD is not set to play . However , this inconvenience is relatively minor . Overall , I 'm pleased that I purchased this stereo ; the CD changer is less than ideal but not really problematic.I should note that I have not used any of the Gameport connection capabilities - I bought this system mostly to play CDs . So check out the other reviews for those aspects .
 I 've had mine for ... man ... at least 9 years now . Never had a problem with it . My wife even dropped one of the speakers leaving a big dent in one of the corners and it still works . I have my xBox 360 running through the ports in the front and my cable box hooked up to the aux ports in the rear . I would expect this capability out of a bigger system , a more expensive system or a home theater rig but it 's great being able to do this with a simple little system like this . And being able to mix the 2 really comes in handy some times . When I build my new PC , I 'm considering even using it as computer speakers and getting a small home theater system for the TV and all that . I quite like it how it is though so we 'll see.On the same note , since it 's hooked up to pretty much everything , it 's literally on all day and all night , every night and it 's never failed me despite its age.I 've thought about trying to replace it -LRB- possibly with its bigger brother I remember seeing in stores years ago -RRB- but , in an apartment , it 's too loud so bigger is not necessary.If you do n't want/need surround sound , I HIGHLY recommend this system if you can find one . -- Brent
 I bought this a few years ago , and it works perfectly . I have not used it for gaming , but the cd player and tuner are great . There is sort of a weird design to the cd disk changer , but aside from it being loud and a little slow , it 's fine . The sound meters are cool , especially in the dark , but it has a dim mode if they get annoying . I do n't use the Max Sound or any of the other effects very much , but they work . Pretty good size , not too big . The unit as a whole looks good , with mostly black and touches of red and silver . No problems with it at all in 3 or 4 years .
 Love it very easy to set up works great out of the box.I still can believe that you can get all this for such a low price
 The seller I bought this from via , amazon.com . I received alot earlier then they said I would . Everything came as described , & packed & shipped in a very great manner . Overall I am more then pleased with this purchase .
 When our old printer was sent to the printer bone-yard , my wife and I searched for a new printer and found this one on Amazon.com . It is dependable printer that suits our needs very well . We do n't do a lot of high-volume printing and the one day that my wife did so , the printer quickly ran low on ink . If you do low-volume printing and want a dependable printer that also has copier/scanner features , this is a good printer and well-worth the money spent .
 It says my ink is more than half gone after just 5 glossy 8x11 's and one non-glossy 8x11 . Color photos look very nice , but you will pay a lot in ink for them.I had some extra , much larger , color cartridges from my last printer , but canon was nice enough to redesign the cartridges so they 're now uselss.I would estimate that each glossy 8x11 color photo will cost you TWO DOLLARS in ink . I 'm guessing most printers are like this , so if you can deal with that the printer makes very nice prints otherwise . The grayscale photocopies are grainy and have poor reproduction however.These things are selling for $ 50 at school so I may as well buy a new printer rather than replace the cartridges for the same cost .
 happy with the purchase . works as good as i need it to . no kinks , just works . looks pretty cool too . for the price , i was expecting a much shoddier product but canon surprised me , and amazon 's price slashing made it even better .
 The price was right . The order came promptly . Set-up was easy . All printer functions work perfectly . Now we 'll see how long the cartridges supply ink before requiring replacement . This review was short and only thing left to say is that I highly recommend this product !
 I received my Canon mp210 and successfully got it working on my Debian Linux machine with little effort . It seems to be a very good product and since the installation was so simple I 'll give a quick guide to get it working.Visit for the drivers : http://support-au.canon.com.au/EN/search?v%3aproject=ABS-EN&binning-state;=model%3d%3dPIXMA%20MP210%0amenu%3d%3dDownload%0aos%3d%3dLinux&I used alien to convert the scangear mp210 driver from rpm to deb.After installing the needed packages you can use the gnome-cups-manager to install the printer.For the scanner a little more work is required by following the instructions at : http://mp610.blogspot.com/2008/02/canon-mp210-and-mp520-join-party.html
 Super nice printer -- very fast , or so it seems to me since I was using a printer that was 10 years old before it died .
 The Canon MP150 I bought last year could n't feed the paper anymore , so I am buying this one . Hope it will last longer . For under $ 50 , I am happy thus far . Good speed.The USB cable does n't come with it . Thank God my old printer cable is compatible . The ink cartridge that comes with the package is 30 and 31 , not as advertised 40 and 41 . This means we will probably need to replace cartridge very soon , and they will cost more than the printer .
 Purchased the Canon MP210 Printer/Scanner/Copier and I am very happy with it . I have another printer the Canon Pixma ip 4000 connected to my desktop which I use to print high quality photo 's . I purchased the MP210 to use with my laptop and have been very pleased with it . The scanner and copy functions work flawlessly . The printer does a good job but I prefer the ip 4000 for printing color photo 's . The set-up worked flawlessly , running Vista Home Premium , but took a while . You have to be patient and wait for the steps to complete . The best feature of all was the price . Unbelievable to get that functionality for $ 80.00 . Purchase of this printer is a `` no-brainer '' for first time users and anyone with a restricted budget . Just remember , and this goes for ALL THE PRINTER MANUFACTURERS , that the cost of the replacement cartridges will exceed the cost of the printer after just 2 instances of cartridge replacements -LRB- its entirely possible that the low cost of the printer is being subsidized by the potential profits generated by the ridiculous prices of the replacement ink cartridges ! -RRB-
 Very happy with this printer - I bought the least expensive version of a color inkjet photo printer from Canon - and do n't need the extras such as the slots and so forth . Using on a Mac . Not sure how long the ink will last . Plus the copy and scanning is very good too ! So far not a problem . Fast hookup and looks great !
 I 've had this printer for 4 months and it 's Awesome ! It prints pictures BETTER than walgreens and rite-aid ! Color and Black & White is crisp and clean!For the reviewers that have commented the pictures could be better perhaps its yor camera ! We have a 10mega pixel camera and I can print nice big pictures , hang them on my wall and visitors think they 're professional!I am a chronic printer , I print everything and it has Never jammed or errored . I 've printed thousands of pictures and text documents and am just now needing to buy new ink -LRB- which btw is cheap on ebay ! color & b/w for $ 35 ! -RRB- I 've owned about 6 printers and this one beats even the more pricier ones!Installation and setup is EASY , even for beginners.The ONLY downfall is it does n't come with a USB cord : -LRB- I am a full time college student and I have a family so between school work and pictures you ca n't buy a better printer !
 Bought this for my Mom since her lexmark all in one died on her . I just wanted something cheap , simple to use , and performed well . I was suprised that the quality was pretty good -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- . AL lin all great deal if you are looking for a simple all in one that does a good job . I have had lexmark and epson as well and I am most impressed with the canon printers .
 This is a ridiculously good deal . You get a printer , scanner , and copier , all for a very good price . I 've had the MP210 for only two days , but I have used it a lot and used all of its features and done quite a bit of printing . So far , so good.I got my new Dell notebook with WinXP , so setup was a snap . Also , the printer came with both ink cartridges , something other manufacturers do not include . I have been buying Canon printers lately because they have been superior in every way - unlike other brands I had used in the past .
 I have had this about a year now , since Spring 2007 . I do not use any Canon software with it , but I can tell you that it does a great job at both scanning and printing , not to mention a copier.While it does not have memory card slots or other features , my computer does . Besides , I would n't think of printing anything before retouching it in photoshop or Picasa . I print my photos at Costco , not on an inkjet , due to less cost and much higher quality . But for printing things like maps , letters , and one-off things , it can not be beat for the price . Scanning is also good , and I even used it to scan our passports and make a PDF with them , then put that on a thumb drive and sent a copy to a family member in case it gets lost.If you can live with using your computer for card-reading and other duties , you will not feel as though you are missing features . I certainly do n't look at the printer and think of shortcomings . Ink is about average price , and lasts a bit longer than others -LRB- Epson -RRB- that I have used . Also it can take Canon 40/41 ink packs , which are larger than the stock packs included with the printer .
 Canon Pixma MP210 Photo All-In-One Inkjet Printer -LRB- 2175B002 -RRB- So far I have found this product to be very satisfactory , fine print quality , easy set up . It does seem to take longer than I am used to for it to `` warm up '' and to `` shut down '' though , not a real problem
 So far as I 'm concerned Canon printers are the best . Very reliable , very durable , just good quality for the money .
 The printer was sent really fast and they were great !!!! They sent the printer in less than a week . I recommend anyone to order from them
 I have had my Canon MP210 printer for over a year . I bought it clearance at Best Buy for $ 60 , and I have never looked back.This baby does everything I need , with great quality and speed.It does go through the ink , which is spendy unless you know where to look . ; -RRB-
 My needs include document printing in both B & W and color , and occasionally scanning or copying , but rarely include photo printing . For these purposes , I have found this unit to be an exceptional value . Both the quality and speed of these services are entirely satisfactory . I have only printed a few photos downloaded from my digital camera through a transfer device , and the quality here was also very good . But if this type of operation were important to me I might have sought a unit with a direct memory card input . The only downside to me was the rear paper loading tray , which I find a bit cumbersome .
 The MP210 is a great value . It prints very well for its price . The built in scanner is useful if you ever need one , though not recommended if you plan on scanning a great deal . It has a very clean looking design reminiscent of kitchen appliances . If printing in high volumes , the price of ink may become an issue . For the casual printer though , the price of ink is made up for in the printer 's low cost .
 I paid only about $ 30 for this printer from a guy on eBay , but it was brand new , unopened and worked perfectly from initial setup . The photos we have printed -LRB- mostly on Canon paper -RRB- have easily equalled those we had done by CVS and Walmart in the past . The day to day printing is flawless too . The ink is dirt cheap here on Amazon -LRB- Subscribe and Save and never buy refilled ! -RRB- which makes the TCO for this very reasonable.I would recommend this to anyone , except I imagine it has been discontinued by now .
 After my HP Printer nightmare , this one is a dream . Does and prints exactally as commanded , good quality , scanned images are great quality and good ink usage compared to my HP junk which I later burned.Canon makes good printers . Hp doese n't .
 Grreat printer for the price.Have tried all features andthey work well . Only drawback wouldbe the amount of ink involved .
 Print quality is fine , although the scanner does not scan at exceptionally high DPI . Very fast , decent printing , and the ink is cheap as well -LRB- although you can just as cheaply have the ink refilled -RRB- .
 I had to get this because I broke my old HP . I just needed something cheap that would print documents and the occasional 8x10 photo . This was the cheapest printer with good quality -LRB- I shopped around and read other sites ' reviews , too -RRB- in that category , AND it scans and copies!The scan and copy quality is great . I just tested it with a magazine cover . Regular documents look very crisp , too . I have n't tried an 8x10 photo yet , but everything else is very good . Could n't be happier .
 I am in love with my new Pixma MP210 after using it intensively for 3 weeks to prepare for college graduate course teaching . I agree with everything positive that has been said in previous reviews plus these points that did not show up in previous reviews : OCR function - can scan text into a word document so I can cut , paste , and edit the text . Comes with a preview and correct text software function that lets you easily clean up the scrambled text.One thing I miss
 I chose this printer because it has a straight feed of the paper from the back to the front with only a gentle curve.I use it with several different weights of paper and craft items . Works nice . It has the photo usb port - so printing pictures is a snap without loading them on the cpu .
 In my life of having printers , I 've only had 2 , which both were cannon printers . In 2008 , when buying a new computer , a new printer was included w / the purchase of the computer -LRB- which was the Canon MP210 of course -RRB- . At first it was pesky setting up the printer -LRB- cables were n't being recognized , etc. -RRB- but after setting it up and inserting the ink-jet cartridges , it was worth the trouble . Prints came out beautifully -LRB- prints came out 97 % of the time fantastic , but 3 % came out with errors such as lines over the picture , fading colors , but mind you this happened RARELY like once every 6 months for me , and usually the faulty images might have been do to lack of ink and paper jams -RRB- . Also , I did n't know this until recently , that the printer is also a scanner -LRB- which this was the first printer that I 've had with that capability -RRB- . Scans come out top notch , such as if I scanned a pencil drawing to my computer -LRB- the Printer , brand new , includes useful software to scan your picture to your computer , allows you to zoom , edit , and save your scan in various image formats : JPEG , TIFF for example -RRB- you can see the lines , dashes , marks in high detail . Frankly , the only bad side to this printer/scanner is the paper jams . It happens from time to time somewhat frequently.Every time new paper is loaded , I make sure it 's neat and alined , but on rare occasions , the printer will randomly jam the paper , and when this happens , it 's pretty loud , and violently crumples the paper into a jagity mess.So when the paper jams occur , do n't expect your paper to be good after words . So , overall it seems to be a nice Printer/Scanner and at times -LRB- on occasion -RRB- can error at times -LRB- w / the paper jams , and 1st set up of the printer -RRB- but good overall . I would recommend this to artists , photographers who want to scan and share their photos/drawings with the world , or just the average Joe who just wants a simple and effective way to scan , copy , or print the work that they so desperately need . This is why it 's a 4 out of 5 -LRB- A nice Printer and Scanner that with the exception of a few bugs , fulfills it 's intended purpose -RRB- .
 After I had my son set this up for me , it has been really easy to use . I especially like the scanner . It prints quickly and clearly . I have not used it for photo printing . It has been great for black and color text and scans photos quickly and easily .
 I bought this printer in 2008 and am still using it in late 2010 . It has almost all the features I wanted , except for duplex printing . I bought this printer for $ 50 as a college student and have n't regretted it . The printer does have one major flaw , and that is the cost of the ink cartridges - they run about $ 20 per cartridge for the 40/41 set and $ 12 - $ 15 per cartridge for the 30/31 variety . I replace my ink in about 4-6 weeks , so a semi-decent deal , but almost all manufacturers have done the same thing with their pricing , so in a world of subsidized inkjet choices , this one does the job at an okay price .
 Really nice printer for the price . Does everything I need in a basic printer . $ 56.99 at Amazon , but it went down to $ 52 a couple of days after I bought it.Pros
 This printer works fine for my limited needs , and is an amazing value for the price . I do a great deal of printing , and 99 % is printed on my HP 2420 Black and White Laser printer.I do have need for scanning and occasional color printing , however , and this Canon has worked great so far . I really could n't believe the price.I needed a long USB cable , and it cost more than 50 % of what the Pixma cost.It is a little slow , and if my needs were greater for color printing or scanning , I might have purchased a little faster model , but this one is really a good value , easy to put together , with an easy to understand operating instructions .
 Very difficult to find a better printer for the price . Excellent printing and scan quality . Strong OCR software . Reasonably quiet . Not a very fast printer but comparable to others in its class . I wold not recommend this for a business due to its limited capabilities . For home use , you ca n't beat it for the price .
 I bought this to replace a broken Epson ICS 1000 all-in-one . Paid probably half for this printer what I paid 4 years ago for the Epson . The first thing I noticed was it was much lighter in weight ... Components such as the printer/scan cover seemed fragile . Since the printer is still somewhat new , I will reserve judgement on its long term durability compared to the Epson . However , what I do like is its ease of use and set up . I probably wo n't be printing many pictures with the printer , since this does seem costly compared to the cost of going to the local ` Mart . However , it is nice feature to be able to print directly from your camera to the printer , via a USB connection or from the memory card , without having to upload to the PC . That is an expected feature these days . Overall , price to product value is great , and a good basic home printer .
 Print quality is fine , although the scanner does not scan at exceptionally high DPI . Very fast , decent printing , and the ink is cheap as well -LRB- although you can just as cheaply have the ink refilled -RRB- .
 I had to get this because I broke my old HP . I just needed something cheap that would print documents and the occasional 8x10 photo . This was the cheapest printer with good quality -LRB- I shopped around and read other sites ' reviews , too -RRB- in that category , AND it scans and copies!The scan and copy quality is great . I just tested it with a magazine cover . Regular documents look very crisp , too . I have n't tried an 8x10 photo yet , but everything else is very good . Could n't be happier .
 I tested these and they do float my Steiner Observer 7 x 50 binoculars . And it does not need the clip-loc fittings as mentioned in another review . That is the case for the model 769 . The 768 model -LRB- which this one is -RRB- has a simple nylon strap that loops around a post on the binoculars and clips back on itself .
 Well , I have n't tried throwing my Steiner 7x50 binocs into the water to see if this strap will keep them afloat , but it is a comforting feeling knowing that your nice binocs have this strap attached .
 The option is expensive , but works really well - exacly as advertised . Very easy and straight forward to setup and delivers the contents well . The complaint I have is a philosphical one - why not allow the standard HDMI connector / connections instead of the proprietary gadget for HD contents ? It seems Sling Media just wants to nickel and dime us . However , this is their platform and they have the right to do it the way they want . What I can indeed say is that the gadget , albiet a bit expensive as comapred to perhaps just using a std HDMI option , works really well . If you can use it and can afford it , get ...
 All I can say is that this is a great item !!! Just be sure your phone is compatible before the purchase . LOVE IT !!!
 HD cable works just like they say.Much better than without it.If you have a Pro and Hd Tv you got to have this far the best picture .
 I switched my slingbox pro from a standard tv to a hd tv . The connect cable works as expected . Easy to use . Directions could have been a little better and tell novices like me that the audio-in cables also have to be connected . With the RCA cables you need only attach three cables , here you have to attach 5 .
 I have two of these adapters and they work fine . The cable 's port on the back of the Sling Box somewhat poorly located to stow all the attached cables and still be able to view the Sling Box 's status lights in a small area .
 Get my cable anywhere on my wireless in my house . Great for on the road and pushes good streaming content to my phone
 The HD picture in Slingbox is great , but you need this to fully enjoy HD .
 Very nice add on to the Sling Pro . Video detail is much clearer .
 This does exactly what it says . It came as a surprise to me like others have said that it was necessary . Even though it was noted that the cables were good quality , in fact they are cheapies , I did not use them . They look and give the illusion of high quality but I have high quality Monster Cables on my expensive setup and I see that if I use these low end cables it will be the weaklink of my system . The cables are ok for a normal setup , I just have a highend setup . The cables were why I docked it a star , it maybe should have been docked two stars .
 Do n't buy the Sling HD connect cable - more accurately referred to as a component video adapter - if you 're eager to get your Slingbox Pro broadcasting HD quality , since it wo n't do that . Instead , buy it if you want to connect multiple sources to your Slingbox , since the 4-way IR blaster that 's included means you can actually take advantage of the full input capability of the Pro . I take a star off on both how this has been mismarketed and how it should have been included with the Pro , but it 's a must have if you 're going to truly take advantage of the Pro 's capabilities.The Slingbox is a really neat toy , but they 've done a semi-unethical job positioning the Pro and this adapter as HD `` compatible '' in an attempt to catch on to the HD upgrade wave . Some of it is n't their fault , as bandwidth is a huge issue . Think of it this way
 The connections offered on this cable could just as easily been made available on the Slingbox HD unit itself . Making this cable necessary to connect component devices was done purely to create an `` add-on '' sale . Nevertheless , it solves the problem and does its job .
 This is a must-have accessory for your new Slingbox Pro . It is a shame that SlingMedia did not include this cable with the Slingbox Pro . This is something that I 'm sure a lot of folks do n't realize until they go to hook up their component video source to their SlingBox ... Oh well , enough about that.This cable is very well made . Its construction is very solid . The input/output connections are very clearly labelled . The cable is essentially a small dongle that connects to the Slingbox via an ~ 12 inch cable with an HDMI-like connector . The component interface to your Slingbox is proprietary so you need to purchase this cable if you want to connect component video to your Slingbox Pro.The cable comes in a very stylish box . SlingMedia obviously takes great pride in their products to provide such nice packaging.This cable includes the following items -LRB- this was a great surprise -RRB- : - One dongle cable as described above - One set of 3-conductor male-to-male component video cables - One set of 2-conductor male-to-male stereo audio cables - One 4-headed IR blaster cable . This cable can be used in place of the 2-headed IR blaster cable that comes with the Slingbox Pro . This allows you to easily control up to 4 devices.You essentially connect this cable between your audio/video source -LRB- ex . Cable box or DVR -RRB- and your HDTV . Note
 This cable is used to tie a SlingboxPro into an RGB stream such as the one between your TIVO HD unit and your monitor.Some reviews on this site complain about the price . There are dozens for sale on eBay for under $ 20 -LRB- including shipping and extra cables ! -RRB- . Some reviews say the cable should not have been needed , but then the cost of the Slingbox would have increased , while only a portion of buyers would have really needed the RGB connections . In addition the design of the box would need to be changed , since there is no additional room on the back for the numerous connectors .
 sorry for my bad english - i ordered sling box to see some favorit tv ` s also in germany - the installation is really easy - very often comes between the installation the question if you need help?i do not - but that was a good feeling ... i am absolut happy with the quality - i purchased it directly from amazon.that is the perfect opposit for the german tv in us whitch igot from : pctv to go from pinnacle - also this system is perfect but not so very easy to install + that was in the german language.so if you like to see your tv or even programm your dvd recorder do not wait and buy this great productsorry again for my englishi am very happy with the sling box pro ... and would buy it anytime againgreetings from florida + soon from germany with the sling player and i can then see my favorit nfl team the tampa bay buccaneers --
 I bought the wrong device , and since I am in the Middle East it is hard for me to return items , I am sure it is a great product .
 Better than average product . Works as advertised . Would be nice if it connected HDMI to HDMI , instead of HDMI at Slingbox end and Component at Source end .
 Great cable - our picture never looked better . We have slingbox pro and this was a great addition to the picture quality .
 We found the video quality to be excellent both day -LRB- color -RRB- and night -LRB- black and white -RRB- . We have a 802.11 G system -LRB- 2.4 GHz -RRB- , and so do many of our neighbors , and interference has not been a problem at all . Moving around the camera and receiver a bit does help me find an optimal location during setup . The only interference we have noticed is when we turn on the microwave , there will be horizontal lines streaming across , but you can still see the video quite well.The only thing I find lacking is audio . Signal to noise ratio is much lower than say any generic baby monitor .
 I think this is a great unit but ... there is a couple of things missing for a 5 star
 Why I said that . well.Somebody used RioVolt Sp250 or others to compare . It ca n't be compare . TDK Mojo MP3 player was in the market since March , 2001 . There was Nana -LRB- 2000 -RRB- , Casio PZ 5000 -LRB- Jan , 2001 -RRB- , Philips Exp103 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- , Sony D-cj01 -LRB- 2001 -RRB- cd mp3 players . Rio Volt had n't had a Cd mp3 player on market till fall 2001 . The earliest one of RioVolt is SP100 , SP90 . Riovolt SP250 and SP50 I believe they were int the market after winter 2002 . How could you compare the new technologies to olds ? Why do n't you compare 286 , 386 computer to P4 , AthlonXP.TDK Mojo , at that time was a almost perfect -LRB- was a winner -RRB- player . Nana , Casio , Exp103 do n't have matrix LCD display -LRB- which is no title , artist , backlight -RRB- and only have around 100 seconds anti-shock . Compare to sony D-cj01 , yeah , Sony has more batteries life , I admit , but it does n't do fast forward and backward either.Therefore , that is not the idea to compare TDK Mojo to next or beyond generation players.my only complain is it eats batteries too fast .
 Bueno creo que lo unico que las cosas que le faltan a ese discman son , adelantar las canciones mp3 -LRB- ya que solo lo hace con los cds de musica comun -RRB- , y que no gastara tantas pilas .
 This is my first mp3 player and it has worked as advertised with no signifigant problems.I have really only become an enthusiastic music collector in the last year and a half , since I started using the mp3.com website . On mp3.com I sift through a lot of mediocre music until I find something I really like , then I download as much of it as I can get -LRB- mp3.com is legal and it is n't affected by Napster 's troubles -RRB- . I never got in the habit of buying 40 minute standard CDs ; I am used to having large amounts of music.I first started looking into mp3 players about 6 months ago . I wanted to be able to listen to mp3s in my car and house -LRB- I do n't use it with headphones -RRB- . I also wanted to archive my music so I 'd have it 30 years from now.The large volumes of music meant that standard CDs and mp3 players with memory , memory cards or zip drives would n't work . That left jukeboxes with hard drives and CD mp3s . My computer does n't support USB , so jukeboxes were eliminated -LRB- also some jukeboxes wo n't let you upload the files , so I 'd still need a CD burner archive the my files -RRB- . I read about all the CD mp3 players and chose TDK for navigation , sound quality , skip resistance and battery life . Making the discs is a little time consuming but the navigation on the player works perfectly ; I can pick individual songs , artists , or folders and play them in sequence or at random . I organize the mp3s with Windows Explorer , rename them with Navitrack , then burn a CD . Each CD holds about 10 hours.Battery life seems to be about 10 hours , but I usually use external power -LRB- batteries have to be removed -RRB- . I have never heard it skip . The start up time and the time between songs seems O.K. Occasionally it will fail to start and I will have to restart it.I use it in the car with a Sony cassette adapter / power supply . I also use it on my home stereo with it 's own power supply and an adapter cable from Radio Shack . It sounds good either way . I was concerned that it was n't firmware upgradeable , but it does n't seem to have any bugs.I had also hoped to download recorded books , burn them on CD then listen in the car . I have n't done that for two reasons
 Be aware their are two types of TDK MOJO 'S the old one simply `` MOJO '' and the new very much improved model `` MOJO 620 `` I read a lot of reviews and did major research which including buying a few models . It came down to a few models and believe me this is the best . I promise you wo n't be disappointed in this unit . Their are none of the issues of the other players no pause between song . No improper display of ID3 information . No problems with skipping . No missing backlight display . The buttons are placed excellently . The unit is so easy to operate its ridiculous.This has got to be the best unit made . This is the Unit you have been searching for . It has a remote and the firmware can be upgraded . Which means if TDK comes out with new software for it you can simple upgrade the unit by Recording the file to disc and playing the upgrade firmware . Included
 I initially purchased an MP3 CD player at -LRB- ... -RRB- . OOPS!I Next purchased an RCA RP2410 , which would skip sitting on my desk , insert strange noises , and occasionally ` lock up ' to the point I had to disconnect the power & remove the batteries toget it back.I got smart . Went to a few MP3 sites and read reviews . From thatresearch it appears there are two real good ones , the RioVolt and the TDK Mojo.I have n't had a single problem with the Mojo - and I play it all day at work -LRB- a month now -RRB- , and in my car . Menu/button/selections might have been more intuitive -LRB- I 'm no engineer -RRB- - but the unit works great !
 Great player for playing both cd players and mp3-cd 's . Navitrack software is very easy to use . The one complaint I have is the AC Adapter included burnt out on mine after about 30 min . of use . Also it does n't fast forward or rewind . That lowers my rating by a star , but all in all , I recomend this jukebox .
 One reviewer stated that CDR 's made using Adaptec Easy CD Creator 4 do n't work in this -LRB- presumably due to `` packet writing '' -RRB- . I use that software -LRB- using DAO `` Disk At Once '' -RRB- to write my DATA CD 's that have MP3 's on them and they work great . Just make sure you are writing DATA and using DAO . All other features of the MOJO are great as already reviewed by others . One additional feature not mentioned much is the `` line out '' jack . Using an adapter cord -LRB- not supplied with the unit -RRB- , you can plug this into any stereo 's RCA -LRB- left and right -RRB- input jacks to get MP3 's into your stereo !
 Until I bought the TDK Mojo in September , I had been drooling over mp3-CD players since the first one came out . I did n't want a solid-state player , because all of the solid-state players in my price range held no more than 2 hours of music . The multi-gigabyte solid-state players are intriguing , but they were just too expensive for me ; I 'm not one of those people -LRB- whose reviews I always seem to read -RRB- who can afford to just keep buying the newest version of something like this as it comes out . I did a lot of research on Amazon and other sites , like mp3.com , reading reviews to decide which players to choose from . Between my two finalists -LRB- the Mojo and the Rio Volt -RRB- , I eventually decided on the Mojo because it had a few features , like easier navigation and better technical support , that I wanted . It 's possible that the new Rio Volt models are better than this one , but at the time , this player was superior.I am totally satisfied with my purchase . I use it almost every day and I have never had a problem . It actually came with a decent pair of headphones -LRB- NOT earbuds , like the Rio at the time did -RRB- , but I went ahead and bought a 25 dollar pair of Koss headphones . The combination gives me very satisfying sound -- and I listen to all kinds of music , from classical to pop to rock to ambient and drum & bass techno . The directory navigation is a must for me , and I like the fact that it can `` create '' simulated ID3 tags to display based on the way the file is named . The only CD that it wo n't play for me , is a CD that I made , oh , 6 years ago , so I do n't think any mp3-CD player would play that CD.I should say that the Mojo did n't come with a carrying case , and I have n't tried out the anti-skip because I am usually working -LRB- - not - working out -RRB- when I use it . This also means that I have no use for a remote control . So , I ca n't attest to these features -LRB- or lack thereof -RRB- . Overall , it 's a great player for those of us who are on a budget and ca n't necessarily buy the newest-and-greatest every few months , but still demand quality .
 This TDM Mojo is great . It has a bright backlit display , excellent sound , and easy menu navigation . All functions of this player can be used without looking at the manual . That 's how easy it is to use ! I am unsure if the anti-skip works , but I am sure it does . It has never even tried to skip . Startup is pretty quick also . It takes about 15 to start playing an Mp3 cd with 185 songs on it . And with the preset equalizer settings and bass boost , you can get the sound exactly the way you like it . I would highly recommend it to anyone who is considering purchasing an Mp3 CD player .
 This CD-MP3 player does n't have a remote , and does not charge batteries with its AC jack . It does not have a very useful equalizer , the settings make little difference . Reviewers say you can not run with it , you ca n't , but you can sure ride the stationary bike without skipping once , and I could walk at a moderate pace on the treadmill with it in my belt pouch . Although I have n't weight-lifted with it yet , weight-lifting is also probably ok since it is usually as low impact as walking . It can not search within a song in Mp3 mode , it can on an audio CD . It has a good customizable backlight ; It has good sound quality ; it has a playlist which creates itself as you play songs ; It recognizes any kbps I have used so far ; it responds instantly , unlike other players ; the search function is more than useful ; the software it comes with is MusicMatch 6.0 and TDK Navitrack , with Navitrack you have to edit each song manually , but once you link it to your burner it installs the descriptions exactly as you listed it in Navitrack , ex . Artist-Title-Genre.mp3 If you name the tracks like this with the hyphens , it will list the songs in any of those 3 catagories , including ANY word you use for genre ! All you have to do is make sure you put in the exact same artist spelling to have all songs by that artist , and genre , etc. . The manual edit is a pain , but you only have to do it once for each song , if that ; it has a line OUT ; it has a HOLD button ; of all the CDs I tried , it only had trouble with a single burned mp3 disk , all other mp3 disks were perfectly recognized . All in all , for -LSB- the price -RSB- and a . . rebate , I love this thing . The funnest thing is having all your songs in the directories you want , Navitrack puts them in perfect , as entered . Having the Creative Nomad will prolly feel better at first , but later when you see how hard it is to use the thing , ex . slow controls , the expensive models may not seem so great after all . The Creative may have more features , but this Mojo is just such a solid and easy to use product , that you probably will not be able to bring yourself to return it for a more -LSB- costly -RSB- model because you like it so much !
 Sturdy as a tank and just as ugly . . . :--RRB- Great little durable player that should last you many years . I did n't like the fact it would n't play Direct CD burnt disk -LRB- I have a few and have to convert them to play -RRB- but with the great bass and mids and highs , it should be well the time to burn one to single session . Plenty of volume and it will not skip on you !!! I love the headphones and it 's menu ... I also own the Riovolt , it is rather flemsy , but can do more in a stantinary position . In other words , if you are on the move , get this player !!! hide it if you can , it 's sooo ugly ... : - -RRB- As for those complaners who say it eats battries , simply buy recharble Nickel Metal Hydride . each charge will last about 4-5 hours or more per charge .
 First , let me clear this up
 This has a lot of features , mostly already enumerated . It sucks down batteries like crazy though . and if you take off the anti-skip it 'll skip just sitting on the desk . But if you keep lots of batteries around , or plug it in and keep the anti-skip on it 's a good little unit .
 This is the greatest cd mp3 player available ! I do n't have enough words to describe this piece of art but I 'll try ... Prosa -RRB- Backlightb -RRB- BIG screenc -RRB- Cheapd -RRB- Long battery life -LRB- The batteries included seemed to last forever ! -RRB- e -RRB- Excellent MP3 playback quality -LRB- 8 to 320 kbps ! -RRB- f -RRB- Yes , it reads ID3 , but also it can read FIFg -RRB- Equalizerh -RRB- 8 minute anti-skipi -RRB- No analog volume controlsj -RRB- Navigation functionsk -RRB- Playlistl -RRB- It looks coolConsa -RRB- No fast forward in MP3 modeb -RRB- Junky headphones
 I 've had the MOJO about 2 weeks now and this is my first MP3 player.Sound quality is good -LRB- for MP3 -RRB- but I found the included headphones cumbersome . Also the different equalizer modes seem to make make almost no differance with the sound no matter which mode I 've chosen.I burned thru 2 sets of batteries each with less than 5 hours of play time -LRB- its rated at 10 hours -RRB- . I found if I shut off the back light for the LCD display I got closer to the 10 hour rated run time . I find the LCD display just a little small for my ageing eye sight . I 've seen odd symbols appear in in the title/song listings that do no show up on any other player I 've tried the same MP3 cds in ... I wish it had come with a carring case -LRB- even a basic one -RRB- and a remote control.I do like that when a VBR MP3 is played the display changes in real -LRB- ? -RRB- time to show what the bit-rate is at the moment.Over all , I like it .
 Another great feature that i think everyone else has left out is the MOJO 's ability to play when upside down ! It 's also nice to buy the unit and have everything included in the package , batteries , headphones -LRB- i 'm still trying to figure out how to wear them correctly -RRB- , and an ac adapter . It would be nice if it came with a car adapter , but I ca n't really complain . My old mp3 discman would skip all the time and randomly turn itself off when in my car , and much of the time not even read the disc ; so the tdk is a great leap forward as far as i 'm concerned .
 I just got my mojo in today and after 3 other mp3 players i was praying that this one just wouldnt skip while sitting on a damn desk . I got 10x more than i was hoping and i recommend this player to anyone looking for a decent mp3 cd player
 If you 're like me , and you 're put off with the 64 or 128meg limitations of solid state MP3 players , and do n't want to spend more than -LSB- price -RSB- for a portable player , the MOJO is the way to go . The operating system is fairly easy to use , and the 8 minute skip protection for MP3 playback is great . Of course , it 's a nice bonus to also be able to play a standard CD before you 've had time to rip it and burn it . I would say this is probably the best value you can get for any mp3 playback option -LRB- I got mine for -LSB- price -RSB- from Amazon -RRB- . The only drawbacks are the size -LRB- ca n't just stick this in your side pocket like a solid state mp3 player -RRB- and the lack of a remote , which keeps this from getting a full 5 stars . How else can you take 11 hours of music along with you for under -LSB- price -RSB- though ?
 This player Starts up faster than any other player . This is a great value with great sound quality . My only gripe is that it should either have a recharger built in or use 4 batteries instead of 2 .
 TDK 's Mojo is one of the best MP3/CD players out there , with 8-minute anti-skip protection for MP3 and 45-second for CD 's . It also comes with impressive software on 1 disc for your computer.The contents of the disc are as follows
 Just got this thing , and I 'm generally pleased , however there are few things that I would change about it.Pros : Backlit screen is awesome.Navigation with buttons and in menus is easy and intuitive.Headphones are not bad though cord is a little short.Comes with batteries!Cons : Contrary to what it says above , you ca n't navigate by album , it 's just Title , Artist , or Genre , or you can navigate through the directory structure . The directory structure navigation is especially useful if you use the following structure
 I 'm impressed with this - I tried the Rio Volt and Expanium - the skip protection on both the Expanium and the Rio Volt was poor ; I use the device primarily when working out , and when I 'm on the treadmill , the Rio Volt and Expanium skipped after burning out their relatively short anti-skip memory . The TDK MOJO skip protection is much better . No skipping , even when running full blast on the treadmill ! It must be the eight minute memory this thing has when playing MP3 's . I 'm not sure how the anti-skip is with regular CD 's , because I have n't tried it . I do believe that the sound quality is better as well than the Rio Volt and certainly better than the Expanium . There seems to be more clear detail in the music than with either the Volt or Expanium , and it just sounds more full . The headphones are much better , as well . They seemed strange at first , but after figuring out how to use them , they have a little hooking mechanism that holds onto your ear , and they do n't slip off - again , great when you 're working out and sweating like a pig . I ca n't say much about the navigation ; again , I just basically use it to work out and wanted to have 6 hours of music that I could listen to straight without having to keep changing CD 's . So , if you 're looking for a -RRB- strong anti-skip -LRB- i.e. , you walk or run while using the device -RRB- b -RRB- great sound quality and c -RRB- very useful headphones that actually stay on your head rather than slipping off , then the TDK MOJO is for you . Again , the navigation I understand is great , but was n't that important to me , at least now .
 I have had my Mojo for almost 2 months now , and I waited that long to write a review so that I can give a fair , accurate account of this player.You 've read about all the pros of this player
 The TDK Mojo was an almost-dream-come-true for me . It 's got a great menu system that took me about 5 minutes to figure out . The small display lets you easily navigate thru your songs in a variety of ways , including the directory structure.Another feature I like is that it seems to play almost any level of encoding . Some other products require you to have it encoded at at least 128K . The sound quality is excellent . I tested with several headphones and the ones included really do a great job . They are kind of cool looking too.The only real downer for me was that you cant fast-forward or rewind while listening to an mp3 -LRB- although this works with CDs -RRB- . If I want to hear the end of song , I 've got to sit thru the entire thing . That 's a feature you 'd really expect in an mp3 player.The price is also pretty competetive , so I 'd definitely go for the MOJO . I had to take a star off for the lack of rewind , but compared to the few other mp3 players I 've seen , nothing else came close .
 I love my Mojo . The ability to play disks of MP3s wherever I go is just so cool . I 've got 159 songs on one CD and 138 on another . If you set up your MP3 disk with folders for artists and albums , the Mojo makes it really easy to move around and play what you want.A word about the FIF format
 The TDK Mojo is a very solid device with very good skip protection . The display shows ID3 tag data , or the proprietary FIF Navitrack info if you desire . And it 's backlit . The control panel is easy to use , menus easy to navigate thru . No compatability issues using MP3 files on CD-RW with Joliet formatting.The RioVolt has a very fragile feel to the case , and even causes skips when pressing the Volume control buttons . When walking around , the audio glitched tremendously , even if it was n't real skipping . The control surface was stylish but a pain to use , especially for navigating thru menus . And the little dancing people on the display was a waste of non-nacklit LCD real estate .
 i just bought this player and agree with all of the above but how the heck are you supposed to walk around with it ? It comes with no belt clips or carry case which is VERY big oversight in my books .
 I almost bought a rio volt but thought the TDK Mojo had better features and generally looked more durable , I think I made the right decision . I have had absolutely no skipping whatsoever , unless you are really banging it around when it started reading the next song -LRB- in Mp3 mode -RRB- that it does skip some , once the song is read into memory it will not skip . Headphones are decent , although I personally like the old-fashioned type that go over your head instead of behind , hard to lay down sometimes ! Battery life seems good so far with the supplied batteries , I used it for about 7 or 8 hours while flying back and forth to Florida and still had two out of three bars on the battery meter . I think the 5 hour reports are from standard alkaline batteries , it comes with Duracell Ultras . The fact that it will not play packet written discs should be of no concern , just use a cd-burning application instead of using it like a floppy -LRB- quicker too -RRB- and the FIF file conversion does not alter the files at all , just the filenames , they are still Mp3 's . Filenames become Artist-Song-Genre . I do wish they would have had Album in there also , that can be displayed through the directory look-up though . It is very easy to use from the start , I took it out , put the batteries in , popped in a cd and pressed play , navigation is simple as are most other controls . Generally a good product as usual from TDK !
 I recently purchased it and so far enjoy it . The only minor complaint is some of my CD 's are old and scratched . The CD works fine on the computer , but the player has problems . That problem is easy to solve , since I still have the original CD and have copies on my computer . Better error correction would be a nice feature and bring it to 5 star rating .
 In a three week period - I went through at least four MP3 players trying to find one that would n't skip when jogging or working out . After buying and returning several units , it became obvious that you could have a smaller unit with a memory card that would n't skip or a CD-based unit that could hold more songs but would skip.Then I found this player and its 8 min anti-skip worked well even when jogging . The navigation system to select directories or songs is intuitive and easy to use . Playback produced great sound quality which is improved by using one of the preset equalizer settings . The ability to upgrade the firmware is also beneficial for upgrading the unit to read additional music formats and fix minor bugs.While the MOJO 's technology was great , its design was somewhat disappointing . It 's not much to look at visually and it lacks what should be standard components : - A headphone-remote control
 When i bought this mp3-cd player i was hoping i got my money 's worth and i definately did . this is the best mp3 - cd player , I , ve dropped this thing who knows how many times on concrete and it does ` nt make a difference at all . If your looking for a good mp3-cd player this is the best one . A must have .
 excellent unit . only drawback was fairly low battery life , but that is solved with rechargeable NIMH 's . I have had it for 4 months and use it biking twice a day for an hour . Have dropped it 3 times onto fairly hard surfaces , and it still runs great . I like the headphones , good sound and comfortable . The ONLY WAY TO GO for audiophiles who do not want to pay ... a lot of MP3 sounds without a lot of file management and download tasks . I convert my cd 's and cdr 's to MP3 on my computer using CD EX and burn them to cdr 's using EZ CD CREATOR .
 I bought this lens thinking it was a MACRO lens . I thought it would allow me to take close up pictures , i.e. 1 '' away from subject . It is not that kind of macro lens.In order to take pictures of small objects , I must put them on the floor , put the camera on the tripod pointed down , get up on a step stool and look through the viewfinder and focuse manually . -LRB- There is a special Macro switch on the lens that allows this `` close up '' work -RRB- I can fill the frame with the object , jewelry or coins and then use the remote to take the picture to minimize camera shake.BUT ! for taking telephoto pictures , this is a fantastic lens . We are planning a beach trip and I plan to get some really close up pictures of some hotties at the beach . Hahaha ! If my wife lets me that is . This lens really magnifies the images . If you are doing surveillance work this lens would be great for you.I would wholeheartedly recommend this lens as long as you understand it is not a 1:1 macro lens . It is a telephoto that will shoot some images that appear right there with you but are many feet away.I have done some more research on 1:1 macro lenses and they come in 50mm , 70mm , 105mm sizes and allow you to shoot ACTUAL MACRO images .
 This lens fit my husband 's Canon EOS 40D just fine . The AF can be a bit slow , but other than that , it is a great lens for the price .
 I recently purchased this packaged deal and was pleased with what I got . The lens is good and I 'm sure it will take excellent pictures once I get used to using it . Will be going on a trip to Yellowstone Park in a couple weeks and plan to go wild with this lens , which I 've read is a good range for this setting.My only gripe is that the tripod is MUCH smaller than in the photo . Perhaps I should have known better , but it was only the size of my fist -LRB- and I have small hands -RRB- . The filters seem to be okay . Obviously there are better ones out on the market but with this price , it 's hard to complain too much . Just beware that the pictures can be misleading.Overall , wonderful set !
 The len and filters are very good but the tripod as well as the clean products are medium .
 This is not the fanciest piece of equipment in the world , but we 've gotten some great shots with it . Well worth the money in my opinion .
 It does exactly what you would want it to do . Connect a DVI male connector to a DVI male connector . I used it to connect my monitor to my computer using two cables since I needed to disconnect it constantly and have it reach a greater distance.Be careful to not extend the distance of your cable too much , DVI signal starts to fade after about 15 feet -LRB- 4.5 meters -RRB- Because the adapter is DVI-I you can connect any two DVI cables you have , but both cables must be the same or else the functionality will be limited to the lower tiered cable . Check out -LSB- ... -RSB- for information on the different connectors .
 The adapter I got was good and works well . I did need this a little sooner then I ended up getting it . The seller did n't seem in too big of a hurry to send it off . But all and all I am happy .
 awesome d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d d ddd dd dwdfefefefefe
 Good quality with less price . does n't have to be made in chinaUnhappy with MADE IN CHINAWorks good I can connect my monitor with latopLike it .
 There 's not a lot to say . It arrived quickly , and it works the way it 's supposed to . What else is there ?
 I have a Mac Pro -LRB- 2008 version -RRB- which has dual DVI outputs for monitors . This coupler works fine with it . I can now switch -LRB- manually -RRB- from a Toshiba LCD HDTV to a Samsung flat screen monitor easily . This gender changer is on a cable attached to the Mac Pro and lets me switch cables from the TV to the monitor easily .
 Plain and simple , perfect purchase . Works great and Ships great . I bought it for a heart monitor and basically it worked wonderfully . Good durability and quality .
 Needed this to extend my 6ft DVI to HDMI cable.Connected another DVI/DVI cable with this and it worked like stated .
 If you need to change DVI genders for whatever reason , this does the job ! As simple as that . The construction seems sturdy and it does n't feel like it 's going to break or fall apart .
 Simple device , does what it 's supposed to , well made . No complaints . I 'm using it every day all day .
 I purchased this coupler so that I can use the same monitor with two different computers , without removing the cable either from computer or from monitor . I do not have to move copmuter of monitor . Just inter change the cables It is working beautifully.I am happy with this purchase
 These are not easy to find so I was happy to find them on Amazon and at a great price !
 thsi cd player is great , except for one little thing . If you hate noisy cd players , then dont get this one . After about a month I got it the buttons started confusing one another -LRB- if I hit forward it goes back , etc. -RRB- . The best thing about it is the headphones it comes with , you would think by the looks of them theyre the typical generic headphones , but they have really really good bass for their size . RCA could have done better , not only with this product but with all of them , all products of theirs I have -LRB- tv , stereo , cd player , etc. -RRB- arent turning out to be the best , I had to throw away the stereo I got that was an RCA , it just didnt work-I even took it to get checked out and they said just throw it away . alot of other problems are happening with the tv 's and stuff also .
 As far as portable CD players go , this -LRB- so far -RRB- is one of the better ones I 've had -- and , I 've had a few . I 'd gotten use to the fact these items were n't made to last , but I think this one has change my thinking a little . I 've had it for about a year , use it everyday . It 's been bumped and dropped -LRB- hard too , while on a treadmill -RRB- ; has been in extreme cold and hot conditions - and it 's still performs well . The Advanced Anti-Skip Protection is the best . But , the the thing I like most about this CD player is that it does n't `` suck-up '' batteries like most others do . I 've had the batteries in for 2 , sometimes 3 weeks at a time ... and even with very little juice -LRB- as the battery indicator will show -RRB- it still gives me a little bit more power ... I love it !!! The headset is the only thing did n't endure but , it was a nice size and weight while it lasted . I am more than satisfied with my RCA CD player and very highly recommend it .
 I bought this item a month ago and it was awesome all the features that I wanted and its ... JUST AWESOME !!
 The world of the One Time Use Camera is certainly changing . First we have the Kodak High Definition Camera 's come out in 2003-04 with super-fine grain pictures . Then this year Fuji bring out a `` Quicksnap Smart Flash '' camera which has 2 Flash options and gives brighter backgrounds in nightime shots . Now Polaroid has brought this camera out which winds the film after each shot automatically ! Wonder which of the film giants will be the first to release a One Time Use camera complete with a self-timer ? : o -RRB-
 Start up time is a little annoying , shuffle feature does n't shuffle very well and upgrading the firmware has yet to be accomplished . Aside from that , I 'm happy with the price I paid , the fact that it is more durable than most other MP3 players out there , no proprietary software or format . I have yet to purchase a decent rechargeable battery , a Duracell will last around 10-12 hours . I was impressed with the fact that it has voice recorder and FM radio capabilities , do n't use them much but I like the fact that I can . I use mine constantly , bought one for the wife as well . Best part is , if I do break it , it only cost me $ 50 dollars .
 I 've had mine for almost a year now with no problems . Amazingly handy and very inexpensive product . I would recommend the Hydra to anyone .
 love this brand . cheaper than many other brands but they still last a long time . i have an external drive for my files but i always keep a second backup , that is where these come in handy . these are also good for storing video files .
 I bought these to burn movies I download and they do exactly what they were built to do , and at a decent price too . Highly recommended .
 It usually never fails - I buy a pack of 50 DVDs and maybe 1 in 8 to 10 does n't write properly and goes into the trash . So far I 've used 25 of these without a single bad disk . Unless I hit a bad spot with a bunch of bad ones , I expect I 'll get through these with few to no bad DVDs . If so I will certainly be buying these next time .
 50-pack fits nicelly into any drawer . 100 would be a large tower , 25 would be to little . 50 is the right size , lots of storage and still in a small compact packaging
 I am always pleased with Amazon orders , they arrive quickly . I have ordered many items from Amazon so far no complaints .
 Purchased these DVD disk from Amazon because of the price , not knowing the quality . These actually Ritek disk and are quite good for the price.rlw
 These are great DVDs . I use it for recording video . No problem at all .
 After reading the problems relating to one spindle with 100 discs , I ordered 2 50 discs spindles and they arrived in perfect con-dition and the packing was very appropriate .
 Recorded on some of these and they are doing just what I wanted them to do . The recordings are great .
 I use these with my Toshiba DVD recorder.The latest version of these discs are very much better for video recording.I am very happy with them and I would recommend them.For best results on any recoding is to use a S - Video cable and the best one you can afford , no matter what disc you use .
 Recv 'd exactly what I ordered with quick shipping . Very happy with the purchase .
 Be detailed and specific . What would you have wanted to know before you purchased the product?Not too short and not too long . Aim for between 75 and 300 words .
 Every one of the discs burned properly in my DVD burner in the computer as well as in 3 DVD recorders . The recorders are all the same model , Panasonic DMR-ES10 . The burner is a Samsung TS-H552U . I would buy these again if the price remains low enough . I use these at work and at home .
 Excellent quality and so easy to use in my Panasonic DVD Recorder . Will continue to buy this brand since it works so well and I 've been told that not all blank dvd-r 's and dvd + r 's work in certain brands of recorders .
 I have not had a bad burn of the 150 Ive used to burn vhs movies to dvd , dvd to dvd , and tv to dvd on my jvc dr-m100 . Anyone complaining about these discs is having a problem with some other component of their burning system .
 I 'm a VJ -LRB- Video DJ , mixing Music Videos -RRB- at a local club . I needed to backup my music videos and take the copies with me instead . These were on sale so I picked up two 50pk . spindles . I only had one bad burn -LRB- my fault ... pressed eject by accident -RRB- ... so , a 99 % success rate . I used three different burners Matsui , Lite-On and Plextor , all at slow speeds , 1x , 2x & 4x - no problems . BTW , burning discs at fast speeds does n't always come out right . The copies play fine on my Pioneer DVJ-X1 decks , computer and home DVD player . The gold/mustard color is n't bad either as it stands out
 We burn a lot of DVD 's and have been using these Maxell DVD-R 's for a while because they play on all of our DVD players without an issue and seem to skip far less often . They are great quality.However , the condition that these arrived in was ridiculous . The case was literally cracked and breaking apart . It really would n't be difficult to throw a bubble wrap AROUND the whole case instead of NEXT to it in a box and prevent this . So far , the DVD 's seem to be unaffected , but I wo n't be surprised if some were damaged .
 For whatever reason , I have found Maxell 's to be the most reliable blank CDs and DVDs . I use these for backing up computer files and for burning old VHS home movies to DVD .
 I used the blank Media to create some home movies . It works well and will burn above the advertised Speed on the Label .
 The discs were ordered with out a problem , and arived before the estimated due date .
 Seem to burn fine . Kinda ugly compared to Sony or Memorex blank media though .
 This case is so slim and form fitting that it does n't really feel like I 'm carrying my Palm m505 in a case . When opened , the top cover EASILY flips back out of the way . The leather is top grade and the back inside cover is lined with a soft , color matched suede . The craftsmanship of this case is equal to cases costing much more . I never tried a flipup style of case before . The sleekness of this case brought me back to why I bought my m505 -- it 's really , really small ! Something traditional book-style cases have managed to disguise . I think RhinoSkin got this one just right !
 Hi , I would like to know about the speed for reading and writing of the disk drive.Also , tell me about its dimension please .
 I love this little guy . I 've been using one for months now . It 's slightly hard to tell from the picture , but if you separate the `` base '' which is the reinforced black plastic , from the `` slide '' which is the metal potion you see cutting across the top of the base , then you get the basic mechanics . To open the lock , you grab the metal ear of the slide you see there , just to the right of the big oval opening , and pull the slide back . This pulls back the metal from the tops of the slots , allowing you to tuck cables down into the grooves . Keyboard cables , monitor cables , etc all fit.Once the cables are down in the grooves , you slide the slide back in , and the metal `` caps '' the tops of the slots , preventing the cables from being lifted out . Finally , you take your notebook cable lock , and simply run it through the big opening and secure it to your docking station or whatever anchor you 're using , like threading a needle . The notebook cable passing through the eye then acts like a stopper - you ca n't pull the slide back enough to un-cap the grooves because the steel notebook cable is in the way - and there you have it , a way to prevent users from stealing keyboards , mice , headsets , iphone cables ... you name it !
 It took us a while to get this puppy set up , but once it was done , it works really nice!Here 's the background . We purchased an older Ceiva 2 frame for my parents . They have loved it . We always wanted to get one for my in-laws , but they did n't have a local access number . However , the Ceive 3 frame can use a broadband adapter , so decided to take the plunge.The first unit shipped was the wrong one , a Ceiva 2 . The next unit was indeed a Ceiva 3 . However , it had some strange behavior that is not talked about in the manual , nor on Ceiva 's support web site . In particular , when we tried to connect , the screen would `` jitter '' -LRB- the customer service rep called this `` fuzzing '' -RRB- , and the unit would appear to lock up.I had thought that the unit was defective . However , it turns out what the unit was trying to do was upgrade its software . Apparently , this process can take a while . After 25 minutes on the phone with Ceiva customer service , we get the issue straightened out . The unit now works like a charm -- it 's wonderful that it can get photos every hour via broadband , instead of having to dial in just once a day -LRB- overnight -RRB- . I give this product just 4 stars instead of 5 stars because it should be made cleared that the `` fuzzing '' we saw was a normal functioning , and that we should have waited it out , instead of having to talk to customer service . Once you get it going , though , it 's a great little device!One tip , although you ca n't do wireless access right now right off the bat , there are `` wireless bridges '' that let a wired device , like the Ceiva frame , be turned into a wireless device . One such bridge is the D-Link DWL-810 + . We are going to try to use this with the Ceiva frame!EDIT / UPDATE
 I ca n't believe the people giving such low ratings to this product . Especially when they are complaining about the service cost after they purchased it - they should have researched that a little more.I purchased one for my grandmother this Christmas . I opened it up at home and downloaded beginning photos and then changed over the dial in number to her local number . After opening it at Christmas she took it home , plugged it in the phone line -LRB- double outlet adapter included for her to plug back in her old phone -RRB- and she was up and running.I could tell the next morning she did it right because you can see on the website that your photos downloaded the night before that you had sent.There is a nice program you can download from their website called Photo Sender . It is a nice little program that when clicked opens up your photo directory and you can then quickly pick the pictures you want to send -LRB- as well as crop and add text to your photos -RRB- . Then hit the send button and you are done - it will upload your photo 's and you do n't even have to go to the website.My parents and one of my cousins has already sent her pictures as well - I had clicked the invite a friend and it sent them an email on how to sign up and access her frame.Sure I would never buy one of these for myself - I would want one that I can stick a CF card in -LRB- I actually have a Roku PhotoBridge connected to my plasma that makes a much better picture viewer -RRB- . This is what it is meant to be - a way to share your photos with non-technical parents or grandparents who have no other way to see your digital photos . Luckily my grandmother is not in a nursing home or anything - but for someone who ca n't get around this would be a wonderful view on the outside world.I gave the product 4 stars because it is not the highest quality screen . The viewing angle is n't the best and it does not display the most vibrant colors . However , it is about right for the $ 100 range cost . I would expect $ 250 - $ 300 frames would be much more vibrant.I can live with the service cost - I think it is excessive but if it keeps this company in business and my grandmother happy I 'll gladly part with $ 100 a year .
 At 85 years young , my Dad is not interested in fiddling with new technology , it just has to work or he 's not interested . The Ceiva 3 as advertised in a magazine seemed ideal . Further homework , research , and reading Amazon 's reviews suggested a cautious approach ... Here is what I learned.The Ceiva 3 Limited Warranty of 360 days only applies if you buy from the Ceiva Store or other retail outlet -LRB- I was told by Ceiva Customer Care -LRB- 2/14/06 -RRB- that E-Bay auction purchases do not count as a retail outlet , as Ceiva can not verify the product 's quality from second and third party owners -RRB- . * Add $ 20.00 for one year warranty.The Ceiva 3 Digital Photo Frame contains an internal software driver that is specific to the Ceiva Broadband adapter . I tested two non-Ceiva USB to Ethernet Adapters to no avail.The same concept applies to USB Wireless Adapters , which would have been an easy , elegant , and inexpensive wireless solution for us consumers , but perhaps not so easy for Ceiva 's software programmers . Without the proper software driver on board or native to the Ceiva 3 Digital Photo Frame , a USB Wireless Adapter is worthless ... the Ceiva 3 does not know the USB Wireless Adapter is plugged into the Ceiva 3 's `` C-Port '' -LRB- standard USB 1.1 port -RRB- , and there is no simple way to load the USB Wireless Adapter 's driver on to the Ceiva 3 . Ceiva Customer Care reports that a USB Wireless solution is in the works , but currently does not support wireless operation.A Ceiva 3 review that mentioned a D-Link DWL-810 + wireless solution was inspirational . However , a Belkin Wireless G - Travel Router , used in the Adapter mode was my solution for testing out the wireless approach -LRB- there 's also a Router mode , and an Access Point mode that will come in handy while on the road after all this experimenting is done -RRB- . This PC based -LRB- no Mac setup Utility on the install CD -RRB- , Belkin Travel Router fits in the palm of your hand , comes with an AC Power Supply , a USB Power Adapter Cord , and its own case.Before integrating the Belkin Travel Router with the Ceiva 3 , I intentionally made sure the device worked properly in the Adapter Mode with my wife 's IBM ThinkPad , and my Mac PowerBook G4 Titanium . As our home is already wireless and WEP -LRB- Wireless Encryption Protocol -RRB- protected , this required configuring the Belkin Travel Router with our LAN -LRB- Local Area Network -RRB- wireless hex equivalent password -LRB- 13 two-character pairs of numbers and letters ... 26 numbers and letters all strung together , that was created when our LAN was first created -RRB- . And also the Belkin Travel Router 's MAC -LRB- Media Access Control -RRB- Address was added to my Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router 's MAC Address security filter.After attaching the Ceiva Broadband Adapter to the Ceiva 3 's USB Port , I used an ordinary Ethernet cable to my Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Router to make sure the Ceiva 3 was properly working according to Ceiva 's broadband startup directions -LRB- found using Google and these search terms `` ceiva nf broadband '' -RRB- . This step also enabled me to acquire the Ceiva 3 's MAC Address needed for my Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router 's MAC Address security filter.With the Ceiva 3 properly working using Ethernet cabling directly to the Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router , and the Belkin Travel Router properly working independently in Adapter Mode , the conversion to a wireless Ceiva 3 involved removing the Ethernet cable from the Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router and reconnecting to the Belkin Travel Router -LRB- 30 inch cable comes with the Belkin Travel Router -RRB- . However , I did have to power down and then restart the Belkin 4-Port Cable/DSL Gateway Router , then the Belkin Travel Router , and finally the Ceiva 3 . The Ceiva 3 gets fours stars out of five because the Ceiva website needs improvement . It is way too cluttered and a pain to navigate . It works if you are patient or are n't afraid of exploring and experimenting , but for those challenged by programming a VCR or DVD player ... the Ceiva website is an awful nightmare . And as integral as the website is to the Ceiva Digital Photo Frame product line , it seems odd why more resources are not devoted to making the Ceiva website a great experience . The concept is terrific , and the Ceiva 3 Digital Photo Frame has met my expections , but Ceiva Logic is needlessly leaving themselves open for entrepreneurial competition.Extra tips
 I was just shopping for yet another Ceiva to give to my sister as a wedding present -LRB- 2nd marriage -RRB- and began reading the reviews others have written.Well , I am not going to review the obviously `` planted '' negative reviews , but I am going to review this product.Ceiva Picture Frames are wonderful . In this day and age where cheap quality prevails I am glad to be able to buy something as wonderful as a Ceiva Digital Frame.I have personally had a Ceiva frame now for over 7 years and have given a few as gifts . I have friends and family members who have bought them on their own too . We all are now connected -LRB- at last count 17 frames , this one I am giving makes 18 -RRB- to each other . The fact that we all can share our pictures right to any and/or all the frames in one easy send is priceless.I am not technologically inclined , nor are most of the older people in our gang of Ceivas , which by the way is all over the US and now CANADA too . The 2 times I have called in to Ceiva Tech Support I was greeted by very pleasant and helpful people . Again , a rarity today.I am pleased , have been pleased , and will continue to buy these AMAZING digital frames by Ceiva that allows my family to share our lives and keeps us so lovingly connected .
 Our family has had Ceiva frames since 2000 and have had nothing but good service and fun with the product . We are linked with 8 frames in our family and use the e-destination for those who do not have frames . We became frame owners in 2007 and connected to our wireless network with no problems . Perhaps since the other reviews were written Ceiva has improved their customer service and connectivity ... but we couldnt be more satisfied .
 I purchased this from Target -LRB- Ceiva3 -RRB- for my parents who are in their 70 's for Christmas . It is great ! they do not have wireless or broadband in fact they do n't have internet at all . All the family are now sending pictures . Every morning they have new ones . I have had to call the customer service once and they were really nice and helpful and it was my error . I do n't know what service someone wrote cost 12.00 , mine is 9.95 a month lots cheaper than my XM Radio.I like how I can control all the fuctions from my computer so I can set it up how they want -LRB- time delays , recycle of photos , locking of photos to keep on the frame and ones to delete -RRB- . As far as the contract and lost pictures , I always download my pictures from my camera into dated files i.e. Christmas2006 , NewYear2007 , then using the free software from Ceiva -LRB- CEIVASender -RRB- I pick , edit , add text and send the pictures to the frame that way I always have the pictures . Since the whole idea is to share pictures , I want my parents to see the ones I have also.One of the nice things is by using my computer I can go to the Ceiva Members page , click on the My Account tab , then click on the Now Showingand see the same pictures my parents are seeing . You can even double click on one of the pictures and it will take you to another window where you can scroll through the pictues . If you double on the larger picture that is showing it will enlarge it . Use your right click and you can save the picture to you computer . Now all the family members that have computers can enjoy the pictures same as my mom and dad.CEIVA has come up with two new frames just before Christmas 2006 and no longer have my parents model -LRB- CEIVA3 -RRB- so I do n't know if these have the broadband and wireless problems . I like the looks of the old ones better for older folks -LRB- looks more like the old wood style picture frame and not this new curved plastic frames -RRB- .
 Do your research before you buy this ! We bought one for my dad last year to send pictures of the grandkids , we checked out the CEIVA website and it was clear that there was a service plan involved in this . He has loved his so much that this year we bought one for my husbands parents and he bought one for both of my grandparents ! This is perfect to share photos of the kids to people that are n't as technologically savvy . My dad , who is pretty savvy , also loves that it looks like a normal frame and allows him to put it in areas where his computer is n't so that other can view the slideshow . We 've never had a problem with anything and now have 5 receivers in the family -LRB- I just purchased one for me too -RRB- . With us all living in different areas it is a great way to stay in touch !!! I would buy one again in a heartbeat .
 What can you say about a power adapter ? It plugs in to my trucks power point and stays there without a problem , it provides power to my Dell Inspiron 700m even when it has two USB devices plugged in -LRB- GPS receiver , external drive -RRB- and it does n't get hot . The plug into the computer is better than the one that came with the AC adapter , it has a 90 degree end and it will separate if pulled too hard , saving the receptacle . Amazon as usual shipped it quickly and packaged it well .
 This is the 1st Pen Pad I have bought for a PC , and for a frist-timer using one , this one was very nice . Easy to set-up , and fairly easy to use . The price was just right too . So , if you 're thinking about trying one , but do n't want to spend lots of money , then this is the one for you .
 My daughter got this and absolutely loves it . For only 40 bucks , she can now draw much more detailed pictures on the computer and she can share them with friends via instant message or email . For a pro , this is not what you want obviously because it does n't have all the bells and whistles . For a hobbyist or a child , this is great . It 's affordable and decent quality and does its job even better than I expected .
 This , too was my first pen tablet . It was random gift , and so I have no right to speak about pricing.I have a -LRB- last-year 's -RRB- Macbook Pro running Snow Leopard and the drivers were compatible . Meaning , it works fine with a Mac . I 'll be bold to assume it works with any current Mac , since mine is the newest -LSB- Get ready for Lion , people -RSB- . The only downside was that apparently something happened during the first installation , an incompatibility bug maybe , that I now have a startup error every time I boot up . But if you take off notifications on your Mac , this should n't appear.The product at no point advertises to have an LCD screen , so please , do n't rant about how the manufacturing of this product is a scheme to steal your money and so on.It is only logical , for a large but ambiguous company like Genius to design the product that implies it does more than it actually does . This is no more a marketing scheme than McDonald 's associating the luxurious color red with their burgers.The tablet itself is actually extremely close to the advertised color palette . The colors and shapes used are the kind that you would find on a `` hip '' 1999 computer accessory . The USB cable is its ugliest feature , taken directly from an early 2000 's manufacturing line . But that 's okay ; you can look at it as a vintage novelty product . The tablet 's working area appears to be smaller in the product pictures than it really is ; it is quite large . The rest of the surface area of the tablet serves as a hand-rest , and is quite successful at this.Performance-wise , it 's a matter of getting used to the product . Once you map out in your head where everything correspond to on your computer screen , as would be the case with any new tablet , you 'd easily get accustomed to navigation . The F1-F12 function keys do n't apply to me , since Apple has taken the liberty of associating the keys with functions already , but I honestly have no idea if they are even interactive on the tablet . I think the assigning of functions to the function keys is just just another marketing boost , since you can probably do this on a windows without the product . However , the software does make it simple to -LSB- hypothetically -RSB- assign functions to function keys . Adjustments to the pressure of the pen 's tip in the included software need to be made before you can comfortably use the pen ; otherwise , you 'd think the product is defective.The pen 's hot-keys are really uncustomizabe , even with the included software - each can only be assigned the use of a standard click , double click , or secondary click -LRB- which is the product 's Achille 'd Heel for me -RRB- . Also note that the Pen 's eraser tip has no functionality whatsoever . It just looks a little pretty.I guess that 's it ... The product works fine for me -LRB- as a Graphic Designer -RRB- . Its functionality as a basic pen tablet depends on how much effort you put into familiarizing yourself with the product .
 Amazing . I love this product . Takes a while to get used to , but def a great product . Also , kinda stinks that the pen needs batteries , but hey , i didnt buy a top of the line product . Still great for the price . And hubby draws anime on it . Very cool : -RRB-
 The tablet/pen arrived in excellent shape , including all its promised components , and in a very short time . Seller was prompt , courteous and professional .
 needed a new power cord for my laptop , checked on amazon , found one for really cheap !!! it was $ 11 and change , which included the shipping price ... how awesome is that , if I had ordered one through dell , I would have paid almost $ 100 . It took about a week to receive which is exactly how long it was supposed to take ... nice job !
 I love the cord on this adapter . The last cord I received broke where it connects to the adapter within 2 months of purchase . This model has a much sturdier connection .
 I have had no problems with this adapter . Works great , price is right & ordered more than 1 .
 Laptop Adapter for Dell Inspiron E1505I 've had the charger for about three weeks and I 've had no problems . As long as you unplug your laptop from AC power when it 's fully charged , there will be no problems . Good product !
 Gave new life to my old but trusty laptop . Glad I purchsed it instead of giving up on the laptop .
 Was exact charger I needed and great shipping time , thank you so much ! I needed it in fast time for college , as mine broke mid-semester , and I got just that : -RRB-
 My original power supply split open and stopped working . This is a really affordable replacement and it 's worked great for me some 3 months later .
 The product was just what we needed to get my grandson 's inherited old laptop working . It actually come a week early and we are very happy with that .
 Item as described almost 2 weeks for it to arrive , but ca n't complain about the slow shipping b/c the price was low ! The charger was a little lighter in weight compared to the Dell brand but works just as well !
 This product was a great price , and fit into my dell better than the OEM Adapter . I would buy this again
 The charger does charge my laptop and provide enough power . For some reason , the fit into the computer is n't all that great and it often comes unconnected . I had the same problem with my last power cord . For 12 bucks though , it 's fine .
 This is as good As the original works great and at best buy they want a lot more for the same thing the only thing I see is the cable end is made a little cheaper but it does work fine and chargesmy Dell laptop
 This works really well , its cheap and was delivered fast . I like this charger over the manufacturers one since this seemed a bit more high quality -LRB- yeah , was surprised myself -RRB- .
 I love these speakers they hit hard and thats with a small amp I bet they would hit harder with a big amp I would highly recommend these speakers
 I love this machine ! I use it mostly for computer printing , but it 's very handy for the copying and faxing portion also . I have n't used it yet for the scanning , but will sooner or later.Here 's the skinny so far : Pros :1 . Can do it all , faxing , printing , copying , and scanning .2 . Quality of the printing is very good .3 . Set-up is easy and fast.Cons :1 . Big and bulky size is a tight fit on certain desks , especially if you have overhanging cabinets over your desk or table .2 . For high-volume use , you might be asking too much of this machine .3 . Fine-tuning to remove the audible high-pitched tone from your phone line might be bothersome.Don ' t forget to get the USB cord and the extra phone-line , if it 's going to be place far away from the nearest phone jack .
 I 've had the 3330 for about 6 weeks and am very happy so far . Two concerns so far , one is with using odd sized paper , and the other is the scanner function . If scanning is an important function , you will want a different machine , I 've never had a dedicated scanner that was so very slow . Making copies and sending faxes goes well , not sure why the scanner is so slow.I use Windows XP Home and had some trouble with using odd size paper , e.g. small envelopes , 51/2 '' x 81/2 '' paper , etc. . HP Service was n't very helpful , just suggesting that I reinstall the drivers . Did get it working by defining custom paper sizes in my MS Office suite , so now it works fine with any paper I want to use.Except for the paper problem , and the slow scanning I would have given it 5 stars
 Have had this for about six months ; a nice unit overall . Send & receive faxes fine , and makes good copies at a decent clip , all things considered.However , I would have to recommend avoiding this model if you are a Mac user -LRB- under OS 10.2.4 , as of April 1 , 2003 -RRB- . Scanning is just about non-existant and printing is extremely slow . When it does print , though , it is clear and sharp.PC / Windows users will not suffer these same problems , and I would wholeheartedly recommend this to them . However , I would recommend going with a unit from Brother -LRB- I 've owned the MFC-9700 and just ordered an MFC-9800 -RRB- which is historically much more Mac-friendly .
 I bought a HP3330 many years ago and have been please with the economy of printing with this laser printer . My machine has been malfunctioning for the last 6 months . I decided to replace the machine and took a chance with this used machine . I contacted the seller to check that ALL functions worked on this machine . He said it did and it does . The price was good and the shipping charges were fair . THe machine was well packaged but the foam pellets are a major pain . I guess that is the inconvenience to protect the product in shipping . So far so goodJanuary 17 , 2013My machine is not working correctly . The paper is jamming . I called a repair man who said the problem may be using a generic cartridge . I bought a HP cartridge and it works a short time and starts jamming again . I am guessing the roller are loose or something . I got tired of the problems and bought a new machine . It probably not as good as the HP3330 MFP but is new .
 I would certainly be upset if I paid the MSRP price for this printer/scanner/fax machine , which looks like it 's from an earlier decade -LRB- literally -RRB- , but it is built like a tank and will probably last longer than I will . I was on the lookout for a scanner which was legal sized . It works fine with the XP-SP3 that I am still using on my computer -LRB- I refuse to upgrade to Vista , Win7 , or Win8 when XP does everything I need -RRB- and the software installed fine without any problems . The prints are super sharp and clean , despite the age of this machine . The scanner works with MS-Office 's scanner app , and does produce good looking results . However , it took nearly a full minute to scan in a 600dpi 8-bit monochrome legal sized page , which is n't very practical in an office environment , although most people will probably only use 300dpi . The software looks rather dated , but does work , and is of course circa 2002 so I suppose that is to be expected . It looks like you can receive faxes directly onto your computer using their included software , although I have not tested the fax functions yet.I believe this model was eventually replaced by the `` HP3380 '' which I also happen to have . It looks virtually identical to the HP3330 , even the same color scheme , except it scans much much faster , so obviously they have upgraded the hardware inside the newer model to address the scanning speed problem.For the $ 30 I paid , it 's a good quality laser printer , and as a backup for scanning legal sized documents .
 Very good product , rated No. 1 by famous magazine .
 The product works for me -- bose everything , i just think the guy who could n't make it work is a bit stupid .
 I gave up on my other 6 remotes I have bought and this $ 15.99 remote I bought from Target is the most versatile and easiest to use.Good size , easy to push buttons , easy to program codes all make this the king of the inexpensive universal remotes.TV - PhilipsVCR - SonyDVD - SonyDSS - RCAReceiver/AMP - Sony
 Has some ingenious features compared to other relatively cheap universals - only criticisms are does n't seem to switch from rf input tv channels to video input type sources and in vcr mode offers no control of display function -LRB- which would toggle showing elapses time and sp vs.ep -RRB- . Do n't know whether other universals would . Has many many features for audio receivers which I did n't need . Dvd mode better in some ways than original , but does n't permit set-up .
 I lost the manual to the remote and I forgot how to program it for tv 's and all the other stuff
 I will admit when I 'm wrong , and , apparently , I was wrong about this MP3 player.A couple of months after I purchased the Ultra Hydra 1GB MP3 player , I suddenly and for no apparent reason began to have problems connecting the player to either of my laptops via the USB connection ; no matter how long I waited , the player would not load in Windows Explorer as a valid USB drive.I called Ultra Products Tech Support and followed all their suggestions -LRB- taking out the battery , trying to format the player , etc. -RRB- , and the drive still would n't connect . After more than 1 hour every time I left-clicked or right-clicked -LRB- in Windows Explorer and Device Manager -RRB- , Windows said the drive was n't formatted . Nor would Windows actually allow me do a quick format of the drive when I was able to attempt it.I began scouring the device drivers in the registry of both laptops , looking for anything out of the ordinary and in common between the two . I finally found a driver -LRB- IomDisk.sys - IomegaWare -RRB- in the registries of both laptops which should not still be there . Sometime prior to my problem connecting the player to the laptops , I briefly installed a Zip drive on both laptops , which I had forgotten about . After I was done with the Zip , I removed the device and uninstalled all related software -LRB- or so I thought -RRB- . I checked the driver details for the Ultra MP3 player , and IomDisk.sys was listed as the first driver for the device . The uninstall provided by Iomega obviously did n't remove itself completely . -LRB- That was a shocker . -RRB- I then did some research on the web , and sure enough , this driver is `` crapware '' that attaches itself to every media storage device installed on a PC . On the laptops in question , the only thing it was interfering with was the Ultra Hydra MP3 player . I 've been attaching storage-only flash drives without any problems . It was just the Hydra that would not load up as a USB drive . -LRB- I have no idea why . Perhaps Ultra Products Tech Support should look into the issue . -RRB- I backed up my registry on my primary laptop , and then removed every reference to IomDisk.sys from the registry . Rebooted . Reattached the player . Bang . The USB drive loaded immediately.This completely solved the problem . So , to everyone who read my prior review where I ripped this player a new `` one '' , I was wrong about the firmware upgrade being at fault , or anything else about the player in particular.In my defense , it was an unfortunate concatenation of events . Since every other USB device was working just fine on both laptops , it seemed reasonable to me that the player had the issue . However , I was wrong.I still do n't think it was out-of-line for me , or any customer , to flash the firmware provided on the install CD . But , lesson learned . Never flash the firmware unless you first talk to tech support.Anyway , I apologize for the inaccurate review I posted previously.Apparently , I got off easy on the problems caused by IomDisk.sys . Some of the sites I visited had absolute horror stories of lost hard drives.To anyone else having a problem getting the 1GB Hydra MP3 player to load as a USB drive , check to see if the following driver exists on your system : C : \ WINDOWS \ system32 \ drivers \ IomDisk.sysIf so , and if you are not using an Iomega device , you may want to investigate getting the driver out of your registry . Do not simply delete the driver . Iomega installs it as a critical driver . If you delete the driver without removing it from the registry , your PC will not boot up.The are knowledge base articles on MSN about editing the registry . Editing the registry and doing wrong can have disastrous consequences.As far as the player itself , I like it . I mostly listen to audio books , but for the cost , you ca n't beat it . I keep my player in a case all the time and carefully protect it.A nice feature about the player regards `` folders '' . I connected the players to my laptop , went into Windows Explorer , selected the USB drive , created a new folder , and dragged some audio files to the folder.I stopped the drive , disconnected it , and then used the Menu button on the player . I went to Menu-6 Navigation . From there , I selected a folder to play tracks from . After I shut player off , I discovered when I turned it back on that play resumed from the last audio file I had been listening to.I do wish there was a programming option in the play mode , instead of only repeat and shuffle . If a future firmware upgrade does add this function , I hope it provides a programming option .
 Love it . The sound is great . I have not had any problems with it at all and I take it on my boat and to the beach without fear.Best 1 GB player I have seen .
 I bought this little 1GB player for a trip because the Sony MP3 player I have can only be charged via a computer , and I wo n't be traveling with my laptop . That said , this thing is tiny , weighs nothing , and since it runs on AAA batteries , is great for travel . However , I quickly learned that you can only `` lock '' the keys while it 's playing , and since the buttons on it are very easily pressed , the thing often runs through a battery while in my gym bag ! I 've started removing the battery when I 'm not using it.I 'm not a fan of music software either , and I like that this player comes with software , but also functions like a flash drive , so click and drag works just as well as using their music program . overall , I 'm happy with it .
 This cable is HEAVY duty . I know there are places that it needs to be used . I am using it from my DVD player/recorder to my TV . The cable needs to be `` hung '' or supported near the inputs on the tv , mine is an LCD hanging on the wall swinging bracket . If I move the tv I have to be careful not to pull the cable plugs out . I can tell the cable supplies a much better picture than the RCA cables . Well built , expensive , but , should last forever .
 This works great ... but with HDMI out now ... HDMI is cheaper , and has DIGITAL picture and audio . This THX 600 series is great , but the cost is still high , when you can purchase great HDMI -LRB- v. 1.3 -RRB- cables for $ 10 - $ 20 . Do n't get ripped off . If you are in the market for HDMI cables , Monster makes great cables , but it 's not worth paying $ 50 or even $ 100 for the same cable you can purchase for $ 20 -LRB- for 2 sets of 8ft long cables -RRB- . I purchased my HDMI cable at Costco , and it comes with a cleaning solution , of which I have n't tried yet . But the picture and sound quality is awesome .
 Thanks for taking care of my order promptly and efficiently . The item arrived quickly and as described .
 I have 2 of these sweet little toys . They are a great value providing a solid set of features for a great price . Below are the pros/cons to support my claim : Pros : * Great price , got my 2 gigger for under $ 50 . Nothing else comes close ! * It is basically a USB MP3 player , no proprietary software needed to load your tunes . Great for Linux , just plug it into the usb , download songs and go ... * The unit comes with a strap and a plug . Just slip the plug under your belt or into your riding shorts and route the wire up your back to your ears . It is a sinch to adjust your tunes while on the move and you do n't have wires hangin out all over ... Much better than those sticky , hot arm bands ... * Rugged construction , water resistant . I sweat all over it , beat it to death and it just keeps working ... * Lots of neat info on the display . * Lots of features that I do n't use , maybe someday , so nice to have ... * CDROM has a pdf version in case you lose the paper manual . Just email the manual to your gmail account and it will never get lost ... Cons : * One of my units locked up when I got it . Others on the net complained about this . My solution was to reload the flash software that comes on the cdrom or on the net and it worked fine ... A new version of the flash would be nice . * You MUST have a good battery ! Do n't beleive the battery gauge . I use Rayovac rechargeable batteries that last about 6 hours . Just carry a spare . If the unit freaks out -LRB- shuts off -RRB- , replace the battery first . You can adjust power settings if this bothers you . * Head phones are whimpy , but who cares , you can buy $ 300 ear buds ; - -RRB-
 Product arrived as advertised , worked flawlessly upon installation . Not sure what prior reviewer complained about - suspect they ordered the wrong DRAM .
 great liked my purchaseworks and met what expected would recmmend to friends . good price and easy to pick and satified
 system link cable is very easy to install and gps is now linked to both locators and it works great !
 Worked just like they said . I had just purchased a new Humminbird 768 depth finder which included a GPS puck . I used this cable to connect that GPS to the new 768 and an old Humminbird Matrix unit in the front of the boat . Everything worked great with no problems at all .
 I love this cable . It has allowed me to work without wireless , which with my confidential files I did not want to do . The only problem I have found is that sometimes it stops working . I am not sure if it is the carpet that is on top of it , or if there is just a glitch , but it can be annoying at times . Otherwise its a GREAT product !
 Works perfectly with Broncolor lights , and the changeable stud is a great feature .
 The case is rather sleek and fits my 4th gen 20GB iPod like a glove -LRB- as opposed to the other 4G Showcase made for all sizes of 4th gen type iPods -LSB- in which I needed a foam to support it -RSB- -RRB- . The front and back is made of some clear high-end plastic and is rather thick and feels durable . There 's a black rubber trimming that 's molding the sides of the casing as it surrounds the iPod . The whole presentation of the case looks more streamlined compared to the older 4th gen Contour Design Showcase with more clear plastic in the back showing more of my iPods metal backing , and smoother curves all around . All this and a sideway belt clip for added comfortability makes this a solid case . The only flaw to this case is that it 's a little cramped on top for the headphone jack to plug in nicely and it takes some twisting to get in my Sennheiser HD202s , but that 's just nitpicking.A solid and sleek hardcase .
 This iPod case looks terrific ! The case I previously was using was so big and bulky and it covered the entire iPod it was difficult to appreciate the iPod 's appearance . Now , with this `` SHOWCASE SPORT '' contour case , it looks awesome . The case fits like a glove . It is made of a durable/hard plastic . I highly recommend this case .
 Product worked great with a second-hand KVM . If you have enough VGA or DVI cables , but not any M : M PS/2 cables , this is just what you need , and for a decent price .
 This unit has all the features you 'd want - fully compatible for Dolby Digital , DTS , etc. , an optical digital output , progressive scanning . I actually do n't have a TV that accepts progressive scan output but there 's a switch on the back to stay in normal playback until I upgrade my TV . Video can be output in component form.The slow forward and reverse playback is much smoother than my old unit . There are separate Menu and Top Menu buttons so you can go back just to the Special Features -LRB- or other sub-menu -RRB- or all the way back to the initial menu . It also remembers where you were watching on the disc even if you 've watched a different one since - really nice . The set-up is reasonably easy with the on screen menu - it only took me a couple of tries to get the right digital output , etc. . About 15 minutes overall.It really does play damaged discs - I had an ancient CD that had n't been in its case and was smudged and scratched . It played perfectly without even cleaning it.For a 5 disc changer I do n't see how you 'd find a better value .
 I bought this product couple of weeks back , and it 's beautiful . Plays MP3 , SVCD , DVD + / - R/RW without a hitch . I love it . It 's excellent value for money . It also has Digital Optical out , so it 's cool if you have a HTR which accepts it!I love it and for the price and value would highly recommend it !
 I 've had players in the past that have balked at the cheaper Dvd media I 've stuffed into it . Not this one . I 'd buy another one just like it in a second .
 This is a large changer , but for the money it ca n't be beat !
 My 20D went flying when my girlfriend slipped on wet decking on a trail in a national park in China , she went one way , camera went the other and landed on the back . The Hoodman pop up function broke , the camera was fine -LRB- girlfriend ok also -RRB- ! The LCD cover is still ok , just the pop up feature is gone -LRB- spring that opens the door went somewhere under the boardwalk , otherwise it could have been snapped together again -RRB- As for not being able to view the LCD easily , there is a protective film over the plastic that needs to be pealed off the unit , otherwise , it is hard to see the screen , w/o the protective cover , works as advertised ! -LRB- protective film not mentioned in the instructions !!! -RRB- Buying a new one today !
 The Hoodman Flip Up -LRB- H-20 -RRB- is a good product and works well on the Canon 20D Camera . It is a bit delicate and should be used with care . If it is forced open or closed the plastic tips that hold the two side shields in place will break and shields will fall off . I have used three different flip up on my camera . I spoke to a Hoodman representative about this design problem and they actually replaced one broken flip up for free . Use with care .
 I 'm assuming this worked out well for him . It was on his gift list and he has n't mentioned anything wrong with it , so I 'm guessing he likes it .
 I got this heatsink for my old 8800 , if I remember correctly . Man , what a great heat sink . Installing this with a pair of 80mm fans on it dropped my temperatures a full 20C from the stock heatsink . Just fantastic!When I finally replaced my 8800 , I tried to find a similar heatsink that would work similarly for my pair of GTX275s . No luck at the time , but writing this review inspires me to try again.Installation is not for the faint of heart . Learn what needs to be done and work precisely . You 'll be removing the stock heat sink from ball grid array and surface mount parts . If you just try to muscle the thing off , you 'll pull the components off the board . Work slowly , carefully . Twist and slide , do n't pull . Get a good thermal paste cleaner to remove the -LRB- plentiful ! -RRB- old gunk , and get a good quality paste for applying the new heatsink .
 Installed it on eVga 8800 GTX superclocked card and the temps just went down like crazy ! we 're taking 20 degrees when compared to stock cooling which gave me enough room to overclock my card to extreme levels without any problems -LRB- i am already exceediing the highest rated GPU , Memory clocks of the fastest 8800 cards available on the market ; ULTRA , KO ... etc -RRB- Full load temps with GPU OC get to 65 - 72 degrees Max ! now that 's amazing with air cooling.Hint
 This installed easily and I havent had any issues with it . It works as it should as I would buy more if I wasnt upgrading my Mobo that requires DDR3
 The memory worked as expected and improved performance of my PC . The product arrived ahead of schedule and I am very satisfied
 I needed to upgade the memory on my mothers PC and decided I would max it out when I saw it was so affordable . Definitely go the memory upgrade whenever upgrading a PC .
 Good buy . Fast shipping . Great product . Loved it . Recommend it . This product from Kingston is Great and recommend it the people who are not so familiar with the specifications , because it is a universal SDRAM Card .
 I bought this to upgrade a HP desktop from 512 kb . It was really amazing to see the increase in performance of this computer . The memory arrived properly packaged and on time as promised .
 Although this RAM is not for the die-hard overclocker , it is always a good , stable RAM for normal use .
 The product works fine . I plugged in and no issues found.Fast delivery and I certainly will come back to buy more stuff . Thanks !
 Although I am happy with the product I am VERY dissatisfied with ANTOnline who provided it . Instead of the 4 1GB modules I ordered I received only 3 and one 256MB module . To this date I have not been able to contact a human to respond to my messages . Unfortunatel AMAZON doesnt seem concerned either .
 Memory bank non-ECCCPU & ChipSet : Intel Pentium D / Intel Q965Intel Pentium 4 / Intel Q965Intel Core 2 Duo / Intel Q965Intel Celeron D / Intel Q965
 I ordered 2 one gig memory modules for a Dell Computer , the memory did n't work I contacted the seller and got an almost immediate response . They asked some questions and it turns out I had ordered the wrong memory . The seller sent the correct memory and a pre paid return package . The memory worked perfectly I could n't be happier I would highly recommend this seller
 This mounting plate is smaller and lighter than the more ubiquitous Manfrotto RC2 plate . It works with the 718 tripod but is made of metal rather than the plastic mounting plate that is supplied with that tripod . Manfrotto also offers a mounting base mounting plate combo that includes this mounting plate and the architectural mounting plate which can be used to adapt a tripod that has no quick release system.It works as advertized but I would feel more confidence in the larger RC2 system especially given that systems ' safety latch provide extra protection against inadvertently dropping the camera .
 I do appreciate the concern and thank AMAZON for the replacement battery -LRB- rec 'd today but not yet tested -RRB- , which I did not request because I did not follow thru at the onset to report the original bad battery . Ca n't beat the service of AMAZON ! Continuing to be a loyal customer is EASY ! George
 I ca n't believe I waited this long to get the Hoodman Flip-Up Hood for my Nikon D100 ! This is an absolutely great accessory for any camera . Keeps your LCD screen clean and scratch free while looking like it was designed to be part of the camera . I would n't be without it now .
 I have owned this device since 2005 and it works well . It has had daily use for a long time . My only complaint is that it is slow to start-up and get working .
 In years to come , we will look back at VHS tapes much as we do 8 tracks today . Big , clumsy and slow by today 's standards , in twenty years we have gone from seeing them as miracles to third rate technologies.But here is the problem . We have lots and lots of those third rate technologies in our houses with everything from the kid 's first birthday party to that Alaska trip for which you even have n't finished paying . And there is still no easy , cheap transfer medium.So that means the old VCR needs to be around , but the stack of TiVOs , Satellite receivers , digital cable boxes , and DVD players fill up the space under the TV with bulk and wires . A combination makes perfect sense.And if you get one , get a good one , because the reality is the good ones do n't cost that much more than the cheap ones . Progressive scan is a must , and so is 5.1 Dolby . Remember that the main thing you will watch on this is DVDs.As to the VCR side , you may want VCR + which this model has , but who do you know that actually uses it ? If the problem is that VCRs are too hard to program , how does a feature that takes half a day to program for the technically savvy help the VCR illiterate ?
 This piece is working fine . But it does not have much features particularly PICTURE MODES .
 Wow ! I ca n't believe the reviews for this Sony DVD/VCR combo unit are so negative . I 've owned this unit for about 7 years now and it has worked 100 % without a hitch . The picture quality is absolutely excellent for both DVD and VHS tapes . The VCR rivals any `` high end '' unit you can find and is loaded with options . Everything about this unit has been rock stable and I 've certainly got my money 's worth out of it .
 I Love it will save me from a lot of problems , and I wo n't have to link a bunch of small ones together .
 I agree with the other reviewer . If you read the Amazon technical description above you 'll see that it is being advertised as having S-VIDEO , but it absolutely does not ! -LRB- I confirmed the model number on the back of my TV , too . -RRB- I talked to a salesperson in Circuit City about this -LRB- while I was shopping for this TV -RRB- and I was shown LAST year 's model which actually had an S-VIDEO connection - but they were out of stock and they do n't make that older version anymore . Why this newer one does not have the S-VIDEO connection is completely beyond me . I would n't even care except that my TV tuner card on my computer outputs via S-VIDEO so now I do n't bother outputting to my TV -LRB- because I 'd be stuck using the lowest quality COMPOSITE connection -RRB- . Other than that big S-VIDEO disappointment , the TV is great . It has two good sounding built in speakers , and the screen is a WEGA `` flatscreen '' which allows you a wider angle of view -LRB- useful if different people are watching the TV from different areas in the room -RRB- . This is actually a great feature - I did n't notice how easy it was to view this TV from an angle until I started watching TV while I was on the internet a few feet to the left of the TV . Go back to a curved screen TV and you will really strain to watch!On the FRONT of the TV -LRB- under a drop down panel -RRB- there is a COMPOSITE connection -LRB- with dual Analog Audio connections -RRB- . There is also a headphone jack under the drop down panel in the front . This is nice.Note
 Well this set is replacing an aged 13 inch set that has been sent out to pasture . So the difference is really noticable . I had read the reviews on this site before buying the Sony and I am dissappointed that Sony did not keep the S-video hookup with this TV . The component video hookups are great as mentioned by another reviewer but that does me no good whatsoever with connecting my DirecTV box to the TV which is what the majority of the owners wanted to do with the S video anyway . There may be a solution for the griping though . There is a way to get S-video from your dish box to the TV . There is now linked as a product recommendation a Monster cable that hooks up to your dish/cable box as S video and then hooks up to the TV to the composite . It is a solution but the unfortunate thing is that the cable itself is about half the cost of the TV . So it is your call whether or not the cost of the cable is worth it but it is a solution . The TV really is fantastic though but there was a noticed issue with the Redness of skin tones when watching some channels . When watching a simulcast on the three main networks NBC was really bright and the the skin tones were increadibly red . ABC was really dark and CBS was perfect . So you may think that this is an issue with the networks and not my TV . Well you have a point however on our 8 year old Sony in the den the difference during the same simulcast was barely noticable . The redness really decreased when selecting PRO for the video mode so maybe that is a good fix . All in all I am pleased with the TV and I hope that it brings us many years of enjoyment .
 I must say , I was a little hesitant buying this TV . It was slightly over my budget but it was worth the while . The image is great , the sound is even better . The remote has a nifty features that allows it to stand upright , which makes it harder lose!The only downside might be the lack of S-Video , which is mentioned in the other reviews . However , it has component connectors , which is better than S-Video anyway.If this is the size you are looking for , I highly suggest you get this set , it is really great .
 This is a swell TV . Living in an `` urban '' area , we have a very `` small '' apartment and went for the 20 inch set which works just fine for us since we do n't have a rec-room or Rooms-to-go living room to put it in . DVD 's look great on it as does our DV cam and the playstation game machine . It rocks . Not a single issue with it .
 The Sony KV-20FS120 20 '' FD Trinitron WEGA Flat Screen TV is a great 4:3 aspect ratio CRT set . These will not be around much longer . The picture looks great , but the picture for this type of TV 's future looks dim . LCD flat screen sets and Plasma sets are taking over the market . LCD and Plasma sets are priced out of range for the average person so I do n't get the overnight transition and logic to force you to buy them . A basic Tube TV with a 4:3 aspect ratio like this Sony 20 inch set is clearly a much better choice .
 This set has very high contrast , amazing apparent definition for an SD set , exceptional geometry -LRB- at least horizontal -RRB- , easy to use menu system . It is much improved over my earlier Sonys.HD is simply not needed in the 20 '' size in my opinion , especially with the composite , or component signal from a satellite reciever -LRB- such as Dish Network -RRB- and at the 7 ' viewing distance I 'm using with this set.This set has no S-VIDEO input as does the 24 '' model , but if you can see the difference , it does have a component input .
 I purchased this in July after purchasing a 14 '' flat screen from wal-mart in April that was already having major problems . I received the TV after only 3 days . It was appropriately packaged and arrived with no damage . Very easy to set up and use . LOVE the size and the stereo sound . I recommend this product for anyone .
 Great Pic as noted . Very good sound not great but better than most . Sony remotes are kind of buggy . The remote sensor on the TV is at the very bottom so it can easily be blocked . No S-VIDEO as noted but this is no problem if all you want to do is hook up a DVD player . I have 2 from garage sales each costed less than $ 20 , easy to find at garage sales . If your camera is S-Video you 'll be out of luck . Great bedroom TV . Watched Master and Commander on it and it was very nice .
 Sony WEGA TVs are relatively more expensive than the competition , but they are worth the price . My 20 '' WEGA is very nice . The picture is superb and the sound is much better than TVs of the same class . It is true that it does not have an S-video input but only RCA -LRB- composite -RRB- and component inputs , in addition to the usual F-pin input.If you look at a WEGA too close to the screen , then the picture looks grainy , but if you step back to a normal distance , then you will see that the resolution and color are superior .
 works great on my HC90 Cam , comes with one conversion ring , so you need to remove the ring each time you wana swap lenses . both lenses will cover the flash light so have the picture will be dark and have lit is still capture . also you can see part of the lens in the corners of the still picture when shooting not in wide screen when using wide lens
 Get these cheap cables . They are as good as expensive Monster cables -- better actually . Why ? HDMI is a digital-signal only cable . There is no analog signal to get religious about . Bits is bits . A Monster zero is no more zeroish than a four-dollar cable 's zero . Ditto for ones . Here 's some fun facts . The HDMI 1.3 spec tells us that all HDMI cables have to be certified as meeting the standard in order to use the HDMI name . HDMI 1.3 runs a 10.2 Gbps -LRB- gigabits per second -RRB- . For perspective , this is 21 times faster than USB 2.0 at 480 Mbps . Fast.The standard was cleverly designed to be robust , reliable , efficient -LRB- low power -RRB- , high capacity , and LOW COST to manufacture . The HDMI cable contains 4 high-speed low-power differential-signal shielded connections -- in addition to 5 volt power and some low-speed digital signals for devices to talk back and forth to each other . Three of the high-speed connections carry respectively the red , green , and blue uncompressed video bitstreams . The fourth carries a synchronous clock , which cunningly allows the receiving chip to economically recover the bits in the other 3 channels at this extreme speed . Uncompressed audio is also sent -LRB- on a time slice basis -RRB- over the 3 video channels . Whereas the 1.3 spec supports 10.2 Gbps , your BluRay player rarely exceeds 5 Gbps -- depending on content such as color depth and the number of audio channels . There 's plenty of excess capacity in your cheap cable . -LRB- Read the FAQ and white papers at HDMI dot ORG for more . -RRB- So why is this dinky cable better than an expensive one ? The Expensive Brands have wide-diameter cables with unnecessarily long connectors . This must give the appearance of being totally awesome . However , the wires INSIDE are the same size and layout as for any other HDMI cable . They must be in order to match electrical capacitance , impedance and shielding parameters required conform to the 10.2 Gbps spec . But , importantly , this bulky bloated thickness puts weight and tension on the connectors of your expensive LCD TV and BluRay player and other equip . Why would you want to put mechanical stress on these sockets ? Bad idea . And their bits are not better bits
 I did a back and forth test between the eForce cables form Amazon and a friends $ 78 HDMI cables that you see in all the retail stores . I can not tell any difference in Audio or Video on this 3 foot run between them ... so I am thrilled that I saved a bundle and can use the $ $ $ to buy CD 's and DVD 's .
 -LSB- Anyone remembers the old `` I am not going to spend a lot for this muffler '' commercial ? -RSB- The 3-6 ft. are the optimum lengths to connect most electronics . I am actually using 3 ft. cables whenever the connected devices happen to be very close to each other because , when it comes to cables , shorter is almost always better :-RRB- . Just in case someone may feel guilty for not paying a lot more for a premium brand , it should be stated that at this lengths - 3-6 ft. , you will get as good a service from a no-brand cable as you would from a super-expensive rip-off . An HDMI 1.3 x cable should be able to carry , error free , all the signal your electronic equipment may put out . In fact , you can buy one or 2 extra ` cheap ' cables , just in case . At this prices they 're easily affordable.The FUD campaigns , trying to attract buyers toward the more expensive brands make a series of claims . I will address them , as they may apply to this specific cable . - Signal attenuation is less over a more expensive cable . - TRUE , BUT that 's irrelevant on a 3-6 ft. length . The HDMI consortium stated that even the cables that were not ` certified ' as ` Category 2 ' or ` High-Speed ' will meet the requirements at lengths of 6 ft. or less . At 3-6 ft. , it would be a waste to consider an ` expensive ' alternative . In addition , the newer devices have sufficient processing power and are sensitive enough to properly interpret even the more ambiguous ` digits ' they receive . Incidentally , the vendor claims that this specific item WAS certified as ` category 2 ' and HDMI 1.3 a. - The expensive cables are better engineered and their contacts are less likely to break . - TRUE , BUT how many times is one going to plug/unplug an HDMI cable in and out of an HDMI socket over the cable 's lifetime ? 5 times ? 10 times ? The ` better engineered ' claim has no practical importance . If your cable works on ` day one ' the odds are that it will be left in the back of your box for many months or years before it is unplugged and plugged back in . If this cable is purchased for home use , the ` better engineered ' claim should not be of a major concern . - The more expensive cables are ` future proof ' . - NOT TRUE . Claims are made that , if you buy the more expensive wires you wo n't have to buy new ones when ` new standards ' emerge because the more expensive wire will support them . This is untrue on 2 different levels . First , your cheap cable was purchased to work with some very specific devices which need HDMI 1.3 and will never support the ` new standard ' . The new standards will be supported by new electronic devices but , for as long as you keep the existing ones , you will still need this cable to connect them . Second , the emerging HDMI 1.4 specs call for new features such as an Ethernet channel and an audio return channel , both of which ca n't be supported by the existing HDMI 1.3 cables so , no matter how large a bandwidth the existing expensive cables may support , it wo n't matter because you still wo n't able to use them if you are to take full advantage of an HDMI 1.4 device so ... there goes your $ 5 invesment or ... your $ 200 , depending on your having purchased a ` cheap ' or a ` top of the line ' HDMI cable . ________________________________________ Here are the HDMI 1.3 specs supported by both this cable and its more expensive alternatives.Maximum signal bandwidth -LRB- MHz -RRB- 340Maximum TMDS bandwidth -LRB- Gbit/s -RRB- 10.2 Maximum video bandwidth -LRB- Gbit/s -RRB- 8.16 Maximum audio bandwidth -LRB- Mbit/s -RRB- 36.86 Maximum Color Depth -LRB- bit/px -RRB- 48Maximum resolution over single link at 24-bit/px 25601600p75Maximum resolution over single link at 30-bit/px 25601600p60Maximum resolution over single link at 36-bit/px 1920x1200p75Maximum resolution over single link at 48-bit/px 19201200p60sRGBYCbCr8 channel LPCM/192 kHz/24-bit audio capabilityBlu-ray Disc video and audio at full resolutionConsumer Electronic Control -LRB- CEC -RRB- DVD-Audio supportSuper Audio CD -LRB- DSD -RRB- supportDeep ColorxvYCCAuto lip-syncDolby TrueHD bitstream capableDTS-HD Master Audio bitstream capableUpdated list of CEC commands -LRB- only on HDMI 1.3 a , b , c -RRB- ________________________________________ My personal experience
 I wanted to get a HDMI cable for my xbox 360 for a long time , But i could not justify paying 29.99 at my local store for the xbox 360 HDMI 10 ft. cable ... even though this cable is only 3 ft. i thought what the heck for the price it was worth the gamble ... with shipping and all it was just over 5 dollars ... it not only fit excactly what i wanted it gives absolute great picture and sound quality ... i am VERY happy with my purchase
 It 's inexpensive and it works like it is supposed . So why pay $ 20 or more when you do n't have to .
 Perfect ! I feared that I would have signal loss of something just would not work well . But really - the cables work perfectly and are built pretty solidly . Plug it in and it works.I connected these to a single cable out and then to a splitter so that I could easily swap between 3 devices . My TV only has 2 HDMI ports and I needed 3 now . No signal loss to my eye . All 3 cables worked perfectly .
 compared to how high i heard these cables were i decided to trythis one , glad i did . Works great and at a great price .
 Got it on time , actually sooner than told and exactly what I had ordered . I had no problem at all .
 I paid under 3 dollars for this cable , including delivery , and I just plugged it from my laptop HDMI port to my 15 '' counter top kitchen TV HDMI port . I selected HDMI as the source on the TV and then started running a purchased episode of Downton Abbey from the Amazon.com site on the laptop . Incredibly -LRB- to me -RRB- , it just works . There may be a very slight loss of clarity in the TV picture -LRB- not sure yet -RRB- , but I still give it 5 stars when I consider the price and the ease of getting it done . The sound seems perfect . This is my first attempt to run anything from a computer to a TV so I 'm very happy with the successful results . I have n't tested it on a larger TV yet , but for this use I have described , it is fine and dandy .
 Do n't listen to any of these negative reviews they suck , this item is what it says it is . spectacular fantastic awesome amazing astronomical 1080 p with Clear Motion Rate TV it works with no glitches at all .
 I bought two of these ; one to my Xbox 360s , one to my iMac . Both go to my 720p HDTV . The picture quality is excellent with both cables , and the sound is great as well . They did n't exactly seem cheap , but you can tell that they 're not the greatest quality . With HDCP compliance and a reasonably sturdy build , these are quite a deal ! I 've had mine for a month now -LRB- purchased 8/8/11 -RRB- , and both are still going strong .
 I thought that the price of .01 was a typo . Nope , that 's it plus shipping . Does just what a HDMI cable is supposed to do for very little expense .
 Had some issues using these with a upconverting DVD player but other cables had same issue so I am assuming these were not the problem .
 Buy them here on Amazon and save ! Same thing that you buy in the store for a lot , lot more !
 bought this for the upscaling dvd player . . for the price you ca n't beat it
 I have a TV and DVD player on my kitchen counter . The long cords were just unmanageable!This is perfect ! May order more to organize other clutter in my other rooms !
 Not much to say ... works as advertised . Way better than buying an overpriced version . Silly not to buy . I bought several and all great .
 Good quality with an excellent price . Why spend more for a name brand when this product works just as well .
 Took awhile to get but was worth the wait . Nice Price and worked out fine.No need to have extra cord hanging all over .
 Do not waste your money buying the HDMI cables in a store . Buy them online ! If you know you are going to need HDMI cables order them online , 3ft , 6ft or what ever lenght you need , LOTS cheaper and same quality as ones in stores !!
 I was surprised that these cables were $ 26 + at RadioShack vs. $ 2.49 here . I bought 1st at RadioShack ... and then thought , `` Hmmmm , What about Amazon . '' Gosh , WHAT was I thinking ? Should have been on Amazon first.There 's no difference in quality and if your a `` Prime '' member it 's even better . RadioShack got their cable back !
 If you ca n't afford HDTV but want the highest quality possible from conventional analog television , take a look at this Sony . The picture quality is superb , with clean , lifelife colors that are n't overblown or oversaturated like so many other TVs . I have n't experienced any geometry problems with my unit . The audio quality is n't amazing , but is above average . The remote control is easy to use , and the menus are simple and intuitive . I really like the size of this TV -- the cabinet is n't a whole lot deeper than my previous 19 '' TV , and the screen is n't so big that it looks ridiculous in my small apartment . I 'm very glad I paid a little more money for a TV that offers a lot more in terms of quality .
 Using the DVD component inputs and good audio interconnects the picture and sound is superb . The television for it 's size is the best deal for the money and works great in a bedroom . If you need a set of the bedroom you ca n't go wrong purchasing is model from Sony .
 I use this TV in my bedroom and I must admit , it 's better than the 27 '' in my living room -LRB- a 2000 model Sony -RRB- . Component video is a plus , as the DVD quality is excellent . Even the VCR looks good . This model has S-Video unlike its 20 '' counterpart . Many people on Circuit City 's site complained of a geometry problem . I do not have that problem but it can be fixed easily if ones set does have it . It 's deeper and wider than most 24 '' sets and forced me to modify my TV stand , but it 's worth it .
 I do n't have a lot of space , so i was looking for something small . This was n't it ... -LRB- it does measure 30 inches from side to side -RRB- I wanted to get one of those nice slim flat panel TVs , but those are way too much . You get your bang for the buck with this , a big huge flat sreen with 3 picture modes , a very easy to use input toggle -LRB- you can toggle between DVD , VCR , Video game system -RRB- , most importantly it blows my 13 inch miles away ! This is a great step foward for people who want a new ` modern ' TV but ca n't really part with too much cash for a flat panel .
 I have a little older model that this . . as well as a 32 '' Wega Triniton . The color and detail are unmatched for a non HDTV.No troubles ... and I have had both sets for almost over 3 years .
 WE PURCHASED THIS TV FOR OUR TRAVEL TRAILER AND WE JUST LOVE IT . THE PICTURE QUALITY IS WONDERFUL . WE ARE VERY PLEASED WITH EVERYTHING ABOUT THE TV .
 Looks great in our apartment . What a great picture , too . And it 's easy to use the various features . It had a couple slight dings from the shipping , but it 's really solid -- nothing to worry about there . It 's somewhat big front to back -LRB- kind of like an old school set -RRB- , so it 's not as slick as the flat screen panel-type sets . But what a great value .
 Great TV !! I purchased this for my kids to play video games and for other everyday uses . So far we Love it !! Great Picture and sound quality , it 's a sony wouldnt expect anything else . Delivered in PERFECT condition . Another great order from Amazon-THANKS !!
 Had this tv 3 + years runs like a clock ! It is big and heavy but I am always amazed by CRT picture quality . It is not HD but dang close . Standard-def content -LRB- dvd 's too -RRB- is much better looking on this set than any lcd . What a shame Sony is out of the CRT market . If only they would offer a High-Def digital model of this sweetheart ! : -LRB-
 This is the perfect size TV for a bedroom . Sony makes a great product and the CRT has a perfect picture . I saved at least $ 70 dollars on this TV . Make sure that you get free shipping and you 'll save a ton !
 I saw this in an add a while back , so naturally , I asked for it for my birthday . I had just gotten a new computer for my graduation that did n't come with a CD-RW drive , so I knew I had to get one . Installation of this product is a breeze , there are easy instructions -LRB- luckily there are pictures , otherwise you would never find English anywhere ! -RRB- that show you just what to do . The software that came with mine was great , I have had no problems or complaints . There is no noise , other than what it takes to spin the disk around , I can only tell it is working because I see the green light blinking ! Plus , it being a 40x/12x/48x drive means that you can use this for your regular CD drive because it is so fast
 This product was great once I bought it . It just did n't quite fit my needs . But I would reccomend this product to anyone . It backs up the SONY name !
 This is a great CD-RW drive . Consistent , quiet , and reliable . Installation was problem free . Nice price too ... The software the CD-RW comes with is only a trial version which I guess is OK since the price of the package would have been higher if it were a full version . ...
 This drive has performed great since it was purchased . I have not had to waste a disc on a bad burn yet . I get consistent burn rates -LRB- approximately 40X -RRB- , along with read -LRB- 40X-48X -RRB- and re-writes -LRB- 12X -RRB- . The drive is relatively quiet compared to other ATAPI CD-RWs with simlar statistics.All in all , the CRX195A is a good buy , and can generally be found for a good price .
 I purchased these for my husband because he likes to photograph water fowl and he loves the binoculars . Shipping was timely and I am very pleased with the product . Good choice to purchase for yourself or a gift .
 Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesI ordered these for wildlife viewing while on vacation this year . The image stabilization works exceptionally well . The stabilization allowed me to see wildlife at great distances . The only drawback was that these binoculars work so well that I had a hard time trying to get them back from my traveling companions . I am going to buy another pair of these for a gift and Amazon 's price is hard to beat .
 I 've researched IS binoculars for some time and finally took the plunge on these as a gift for my wife for Christmas . The IS features is great for bird watching . They 're compact , reasonably light weight and the optics are really good . Definitely worth the money .
 We 're Green Bay Packer season ticket holders , and had a pair of the 10x30 , and love them . I wanted a second set of binocs for the games and bumped up a little to the 12x36 . Love them too . The image stabilization is great - we are at the goal line on one side , and I can get a clear and stable view of what 's happening on the other end of the field .
 These are quite something . I gave them to my bird watching wife and she is very pleased . The Image Stabilization is almost like magic . She has n't had them long but so far they have performed well .
 Though I gulped at the total price -LRB- including shipping -RRB- they are so worth it ! When I am on the water these make it possible to actually see whales in the distance instead of just fighting the shake/bounce from the boat movement and the waves . The light is excellent and you can roll down the eye cups for glasses . Unless you are really shaky on land , image stabilizers -LRB- I do n't think -RRB- are necessary . But for being able to see when there is a lot of movement this binos are great .
 I purchased these binoculars for my husband about a month ago , as a gift . He is thrilled with them . The distance , clarity and stability is outstanding .
 We used our friends binoculars on a sailing trip in Maine and loved them . Had to have a pair when we returned home . Excellent quality and viewing .
 I bought the binoculars for the Olympics . They worked great . The image stabilization was a big help .
 This is our second pair -- exactly the same , but this pair were a better price . If one uses binoculars and has never tried the image stabilizing product , you 're really missing out . These are fantastic !!
 Being an avid birder , this pair of Binoculars is brilliant . The slight shake one has when viewing a bird , which is a distance away is totally eliminated.Went for the 12 x 36 due to the lighter weight compared to the 15 x 50 , and 18 x 50 models . Have been a Canon Camera fan for a number of years , am now a Canon Binocular fan as well !!!
 I already had a pair of the 10 power image stabilization binoculars that was about 10 years old . My wife is interested in birdwatching also . So we bought the new ones . They both function very well . The stabilization feature has gotten better in the last 10 years . When you look at the to binoculars side-by-side . There 's definitely a improvement in image quality in the new binoculars . Both of them function flawlessly . I 've had no problems with the original 10 power binoculars for 10 years.They were delivered on time and in good condition .
 Forget whatever you thought binoculars were all about . All you need to know is that , with the image stbilization feature activated with the simple push of a button , the image becomes completely still , no jitters , no shaking , just a clear , steady image . Watching birds is a real treat with these . Watching anything is a treat . Give yourself a break and just plunk down the money . You wo n't regret it .
 Simply stated , these are the best binocs I 've ever owned . They are simply amazing in their ability to control the shakes . The optics seem to be of the highest quality with no distortions or imperfections or false colorization . The stabilization technology is amazing ! I have a significant `` essential tremor '' which has limited my ability to use binocs . These binocs `` cure '' that condition ! To see things snap to stable and clear upon the click of a button is a wonder to behold !
 I 've had these for four years now , and they are the simply great . There is a slight color distortion , but less than I have seen even in other -LRB- high end -RRB- binoculars . The image stabilization ? Well it just works , and has continued to do so through four years of active use . The combination of 12x magnification and IIS is incredible , and enhances the usefulness of these binoculars a lot.The only downside I have found is that the individual focus on the right eyepiece is a bit hard to adjust .
 I have a full view of a boating and shipping lane area from my office , and these glasses have redefined the way I view various boating and fishing activities . Most attractions start at approximately 500 ' and extend to infinity . I can discern the type of vessel and activity up to an estimated 8 to 10 miles . The `` IS '' function is a definite must in this environment.I can recommend these binoculars without reservation .
 I like to view the mountains from 4 to 30 miles from my house and these are perfect for this . The IS works great , without it , I would need a tripod to see what I 'm seeing . Also great for moon viewing .
 Most of the reviews I see for IS binoculars are by and for plane spotters and other non-birders , so I wanted to add the wildlife viewing perspective to the mix.I have owned 2 different pairs of the 12x Cannon IS Binoculars , one pair of the 15x Cannon IS binos and I have tested the 10x42 L series -LRB- high-end , geared towards birders -RRB- . I will cross-post these comments for all three . For any of you birders out there trying to decide which is the right choice for you , here are my observations.First , general comments that apply to all three :1 -RRB- Image stabilization is great ! There is nothing not to love about it . Why all birders on earth do n't use these things is a mystery to me . For the money , I would prefer to spend an extra $ 200 on image stabilization vs spending an extra $ 1000 for a comparable improvement in optics quality .2 -RRB- These binoculars are heavy and bulky . The grip , the feel and the ease of use are different than those of `` normal '' high-end binoculars . The human factors of the engineering range from acceptable -LRB- 12x -RRB- to incomprehensibly bad -LRB- 10x -RRB- . I suspect that experienced birders may pick them up for the first time and not like them because they `` do n't feel right . '' Here 's my thought
 There are so many binoculars from which to choose , you know ? And I spent a LOT of time reviewing all the choices and price-points between $ 150 and $ 1000 . And when I learned about the stabilization feature , I was in more of a quandary ... It took about a year before I made my decision.One of my hobbies is bird watching . We live in an area of Texas that seems to see way more than our fair share of migratory birds . And depending on our winter weather , we also host many wintering birds . Our bird feeders , right outside my kitchen windows , serve hundreds of species . We add new sightings to our list weekly , and sometimes daily . All the geese , ducks , sandhill cranes and hawks pass overhead . Painted buntings -LRB- Mr. and Mrs. -RRB- , indigo buntings , hummers , orioles , wrens , finches , and more visit our feeders . Plus we are close enough to the shore to bird watch there regularly . We have binoculars that sit on our kitchen counter . And I wanted my own pair ... Here are the requirements I started with : -- I wanted a wide field of vision , because I wanted to be able to follow tiny birds flitting in the trees and big hawks and shore birds soaring . -- I wanted binos that I could hold easily -- not too large and not too small -LRB- I have long , slender fingers ; wear a L in ladies ' gloves -RRB- ; I wanted eye pieces that could come together close enough to fit my face -LRB- my eyes are closer together than my husband 's and I ca n't get his binos to close up enough -RRB- ; -- I also wanted all the moving pieces to adjust quickly and smoothly , but not be too touchy ; -- I wanted as lightweight as I could find , with the best optics I could rationally afford . -- I did n't want to feel too guilty about how much I paid ... These are all I could ask for ! The size -- even though listed in the stats on the product page -- are actually smaller than they appear in the picture . And the binos are nice and lightweight . The stabilizer feature is amazing .
 On a recent cruise , a pair of Canon Image Stabilized bionoculars was included among the amenities in our stateroom . We had never used this type of bionocular before and were amazed at the difference it made . As usual when we are looking for something more on the unique side , we always visit the Amazon website to investigate the different types of binoculars available , including user reviews . After studying the different types , prices and pros/cons of the various offerings , we selected the Canon 12x36 model . We could n't be happier with our selection . We are not `` birders '' , who seem to be the most likely to purchase image-stabilized binoculars , but we do enjoy bringing distant views closer to home , especially in the mountains or while on a cruise . These glasses offered the best optics vs price of all the options we considered . The Canon 12x36 model is sturdy without being either too large or heavy . The quality of the optics is exceptional and offers exactly the power and clarity we were looking for and expected from an optics company like Canon . You can spend more or less ; you can get more power or less ; you can get larger or smaller ; but we feel these glasses are an excellent choice for people such as us who just want a quality binocular with exceptional magnification and stability and are n't trying to identify whether that bird flying in the distance has the tell-tale blue dot on the underside of the left wing . Well done Canon . We highly recommend this product .
 I use these binoculars for stargazing as well as bird watching . They are wonderful ! The binocs have two shortcomings
 Canon has been always reliable for me with DSLRs and camcorders . No difference here - the image stability is wonderful and the clarity , magnification and width of view are great . Great for watching sports or wildlife .
 Light , easy to use , and a great addition to our navigation tools . They are a great value for the price .
 I paid $ 800 for this pair eight years ago . I LOVE THEM . These were significantly less money for the same terrific binoculars , an excellent value for the money .
 We ordered these stablizing binoculars for our trip to Nassau , Bahamas . My husband started each morning off by watching the ocean activity . He was able to see so much more with them . Why , he even could read the cruise ship insignas to determine which company they were . He says this is one of the best Christmas gifts I have ever given him .
 I do n't have much experience with optics like many reviewers here so my experience is based on SLR camera lenses and my Orion 10x42 Waterproof Monocular . I decided to upgrade as while the Orion provided decent zoom it was just useless hand-held because of shake and keeping one eye shut was uncomfortable . These binoculars are obviously substantially more expensive than my Orion monocular so there 's no point comparing the two but I 'm very happy with my new Canon glasses . I knew what to expect with the imagine stabilisation based on using Canon IS camera lenses , and it just makes the binoculars so much more useful and usable .
 Bought these for hunting the plains of Wyoming where you do a lot of back country driving and glassing . With these you can be moving and still have an image that is stable enough to identify an animal at tremendous distances . Love these canon IS binoculars .
 I bought these before a trip to Yellowstone and they were worth every cent . We had other binoculars with us but after using these no one wanted to use the others . Very clear , very stable , and very easy to use even for my 6 and 9 year old children . We will definitely be buying a 2nd pair before our next family trip .
 These are great for just about anything . The image stabilizer makes all the difference in counting horns and judging a shooter buck or not .
 Great binoculars . We live on a lake and are always checking out ships , birds , etc. . These were a lot of money but well worth the investment .
 These binoculars exceeded my expectations , they are powerful with great clarity of vision even in relatively low light conditions . They are comfortable to use and lighter than any quality binoculars that I have used.And then we have the image stabilisation - absolutely brilliant.If you are looking for quality and ease of use and do n't mind paying for it , go for a pair of these .
 Most people who buy these binoculars seems to use them for birding or nature watching . I specifically bought them to use as astronomical binoculars while my wife will do the bird watching with them . I chose the 12X36 over the more powerful 15x50 or the larger exit pupil of the 10x42 for a number of reasons . Certainly first off , the difference between $ 660 and $ 1200 to $ 1400 played a major role in my choice . For serious deep sky viewing you need larger apertures of 70mm to 100mm both of which I own . Second , the wider field of view and brighter image of the 12x36 makes the view of objects such as the Milky Way or North American nebula truly spectacular . Third even with image stabilized binoculars there reaches a point where the weight becomes a factor in hand held units such as the Canon ones.All this taken into account lead me to the 12x36 pair which I already cherish as one of my most valuble observing tools for astronomy . Just to reference , I have used the 15x50 a number of times both for terestial and astronomical targets and they certainly are very nice but I still prefer the lighter 12x36 which are only 3 power less in there ability to magnify .
 Canon 's 12x36 IS II Binoculars are well worth the investment . After lugging around an old 12x50 non-IS for 20 years , the Canon is lighter , brighter , better balanced and better contoured . The IS is impressive to say the least , and so easy a caveman could do it ! Lots of Pros for this one . The only Con are the lens dust caps , or more accurately the eyepiece dust caps . We managed to lose one of them in the first half hour on the trail . They do n't grip real well . Now when we use the binocs we carry them in their soft case at all times , leaving the caps behind in the truck so they do n't get lost . Best binocs I 've ever had , and I 've had quite a few over the years . Ca n't go wrong with this one .
 I love these binoculars . They are lightweight and have good magnification , a nice compromise . The optics are excellent and the stablization is rock hard . Very impressive . They arrived with a three year warranty , covers for the eye lenses , soft case and strap .
 We purchased a smaller version last year , and they were great . I got these for my husband , after buying a telescope that he finds cumbersom . We have a Canon camera with stabilized lens also , and could not take the pictures we have without the stabilizer on the longer lens.These are fantastic ! The strength is such that we could see the mountains on the edge of a full moon . The stabilization makes them incredibly versatile . They are much easier to use and more portable than our telescope , so they will be used much more . We go exploring in the southwest deserts , and these are great for viewing petroglyph sites . So far , I have had no problems whatsoever with them . The only problem is that my husband now wants the biggest strongest version . I may have to do that , but that just means I will get to keep these for myself . Fine with me !
 I use binox every day for birding and watching whales , weather , and coastal shipping from a house at 1000 ' overlooking the Pacific out to the Farallones , which we 've had since 1969 . I have been buying and using the best binox on the market for more than 60 years , and at the moment the best I have are both stabilized -- the Zeiss 20x60 and the Series I Canon -LRB- not the current Series II -RRB- 12x36 . I also have a dozen others including Nikon variable magnification and the current Swarovski 10x32 , generally classified as one of the alpha unstabilized binox ; and I can still hold these steady , as well as anyone I think ; it 's not age shakiness that gives the stabilized binox the edge , they 've always been much better for mobile distance viewing because they are SO MUCH STEADIER than any steady hold by humans -LRB- I use a Zeiss spotting scope on a tripod for comparison -RRB- . The Zeiss binox are a marvel -- no batteries needed -- but seriously heavy around the neck -LRB- fine if you 're set up with a tripod -RRB- , and more than a little pricy -LRB- after checking every vendor , they cost me about $ 5000 some years ago , though I believe less now -RRB- . I dropped them once , from 4 ' onto a hard road surface , which put them badly out of alignment ; sent them to Zeiss , who shipped them back to Germany , had them fixed , and returned with no charge ! Hard to get that kind of service!The bottom line is that the Canons are unbeatable for freehand usage ; not too heavy for field work even for someone in their 80s like me , not too hard on batteries , and a great image . -LSB- A little advice on batteries , more uptodate than the advice in any of the other reviews
 I bought my Canon binoculars based on all the positive reviews and my experience with it when I went to Yellowstone National Park -LRB- borrow from a park ranger -RRB- . There is nothing but `` wow '' , clear , before I press the IS button , it was like my old pair -LRB- without IS -RRB- . When I press that IS button , it is steady like a rock.Why then , only 4 stars ? First I ca n't put another half a star , I would . Second , I do n't like the fact that I have to hold the button to keep IS stay on . It should be ON/OFF , and if it is to prevent battery drain , it should stay on for 10/15/30 seconds . Some people complaint about the strap broke off the carrying bag . The one I received may not be very tough , it would take a lot of effort to yank that strap off , so I do n't know what are their issues.I would recommen this to a friend/relative .
 These things are simply amazing . Things are bright and sharp without stabilization , but turn it on and over about a second or two it settles in and ... wow ! . You can read small type on a distant sign that you just would not have been able to make out otherwise . It would have been sharp , but too shaky to read . Details on wildlife are totally distinct , it 's almost like the binocs are on a tripod . It really is astounding , everyone that tries them is knocked out.A couple other points
 Though a little larger than is sometimes convenient , the quality of the image makes these binoculars worth carrying.The stabilazation makes all the difference in the world - would n't be without it .
 My dad is in his late sixties and he and my mother live in Florida with a large backyard that borders on a large pond with a small island . They have a regular series of visitors throughout the year ; an alligator who lays eggs on the island every year , some otters who spend time each spring and of course Herons , Anhingas , Ibis , Ducks and a host of other water birds from time to time.He has become quite the birdwatching enthusiast as a result of all this and he had been using a pair of 1970 's era Sears binoculars . I surprised him with these at Christmas and I do n't think he fully understood what they were . He just thanked me for the new binoculars and set them aside.Later , when we finally made it outside to do some viewing , I explained about the Image Stabilization and showed him how to use it . But trust me , it did n't take the Image Stabilization to `` Wow '' him -LRB- or me ! The optics of these binoculars are astonishing to begin with , even without using the IS . The are just amazing to look through , and then on top of that , you press the IS button and all the shake goes away . It is truly incredible.As you can imagine , he has been thrilled with the binoculars and uses them regularly . With his age , his eyes are n't what they used to be and his grip is n't as steady as it once was - but he does n't miss a thing with these binoculars . They are n't cheap , but if you have the money to spend these are amazing binoculars . Highly recommended and no regrets at all with these !
 These binocs are n't cheap , but they are well worth the price . I love the image stab . feature . They work equally well for bird watching and star gazing !
 Excellent product with good dollar value . Excels in magnification , lens quality , solid construction , light gathering qualities and minimal weight results in easy portability and use . Image stabilizer feature works flawlessly and has highly acceptable use longevity when powered by lithium batteries .
 Simply put , this is as good as it gets when you want a binocular for all around use . A lightweight , easy to carry 12x binoc for birding , sporting events , long distance or astronomical viewing . When these binocs start to shake , you simply press the IS button and viewing steadies up nicely . To be able to use a 12x mag . without any shake makes viewing so much more enjoyable than with an 8x-10x binoc . The clarity and brightness are very good , but might not be quite on par with some other binocs that are in this price range . This aside , it 's the view stabilization ability that makes these an outstanding pair of binoculars .
 I ordered these binoculars for a trip to Antarctica because we were going to be on a cruise ship and zodiacs so the image stabilization was a desired feature . They were even better than I expected . They are light weight so easy to have around your neck , the fold-back cups on the lenses were great for my husband , who wears glasses , and the image stabilization was magic ! The image held steady even in the bumpy conditions we had in the Drake 's passage , which made them perfect for bird and wildlife watching .
 I read the reviews before purchasing . These binoculars live up to the positive comments . The stabilization feature is phenomenal . The lack of lens caps as mentioned by some others is not an issue for me . I found caps a nuisance on past binoculars and I did n't use them . I 've never had a problem . Bought this product through Amazon . They arrived in three days . I recommend this product highly .
 It really works . Great image . amazingly wide and clear view . Looks even brighter than real life.But the magic begins when you push the IS button ; You will undestand the fun and the NECESSITY of it.Even if you rapidly shake on purpose your hands , the imagine remains stable , fixed on the image . It 's amazing !!! Great to any type of shows , theaters , plays , or just an outside or throuogh the windows view.The ONLY absence = an annoying one - is that you have to be pressing the IS button for this feature to work . There is no `` on '' fixed position ; I checked the factory , and they only do this `` on ' feature on the 10x35 binocular . Mine , the 12:36 , and the rest of the line , you have to be pressing it otherwise you get a nice normal binocular.I 'm getting used to be pressing it . It 's even very fun to feel the difference.and it REALLY makes that difference . I could see small details thorough my window to te beach , that I never saw before . Like very small letters on the name of the street , where they explain the history of the person that has his name on it . I never even NOTICED that explanation was there ! Only when you fix the shaking you can see such details.And it 's a great relief to your eyes.I would not buy the smaller ones ... the bigger the aproximation , the bigger the necesity of such IS ; Start form 12x , and goes as your pocket and your use will do -LRB- do n't buy a very bit 18 if you just want to go to the theather , unlesse you intend to stay always at the last row ; The best would be one of those with a ZOOM , a fixable IS and some kind of cap.I enphatically recomend this binocular.Will show off A LOT!Bye the way , another great feature is using normal AA batteries
 These are good field glasses ; then when you are focused , and push the stabilizing button - they become great ! It takes maybe a second and a half , and the object in focus becomes yours . It 's like you own it . Steady , hand held and no shaking or blur - at 12 times magnification ! Quite extraordinary . If you ca n't afford them , hope that your children can buy them for you as a gift . I 'm blessed , mine did and birding just got way better .
 If you feel the need to spoil yourself once in a while ; get the 12x36 model instead of the 10x30 . They are more than one could ask for . If one is purchasing exceptional binoculars , why not purchase really exceptional binoculars?After all , if it 's the money , one should be buying binoculars at Big Lots.These glasses are amazing and everyone I have shown them to agrees.Nothing being perfect
 I 've had these 12x36 binoculars for 5 years and I 've used them regularly without any problems at all . I 've changed the batteries once . no complaints , only praise for this product .
 These are really great binoculars for birding . The images are bright and sharp . My only suggestion for improvement would be for Canon to include lens caps for the lenses ; caps are included for the eyepieces .
 We received this product safely and it is original pakage . We have not use it yet , could not give you more commen now .
 Excellent binoculars for wildlife viewing . Image stabilization works amazing for dialing in on far away objects without having to use a tripod or bipod.Compared -LRB- am and pm -RRB- side by side with another high-end pair of standard binoculars and could not tell the difference in overall brightness of image between these 12x36 's and those 10x42 's . These Canon 's are exceptionally bright and clear.Definitely worth the price .
 I have an old Canon 8x32WP and love the optics . I recently took the plunge to get the 12x36 IS II for bird watching and astronomy . Both binculars are about the same weight and size , although the magnification powers are different -LRB- 8x vs 12x -RRB- . The 12x is a tad lighter , actually . The adjectives listed in the title are fitting for the 12x36 IS II . It 's noticeably brighter than the Canon 8x32wp . The 12x36 IS II costs a lot of money but it 's worth it , in my opinion . Still loving it after a year of ownership !
 Bought these ahead of a trip to South America - Galapagos Islands , Macchu Picchu , etc. . I admit I was skeptical about image stabilization . The first time I pushed the button , however , was an Oh My ! moment . Performance is flawless . They really made this trip extra special . Guides thought they were something magical.A good weight and size for traveling and light enough to hold to your eyes for extended periods -LRB- such as while watching blue-footed boobies dance or scanning the ruins atop Wayna Picchu -RRB- with plenty of magnification . They 're also great for star-gazing .
 After personally using a camera -LRB- I do more of the photographing -RRB- with an image stabilized lens , I knew my wife would definitely want the same capability in her binoculars ... I was proven right . She loved them . The ease of use , the improved usefulness of a higher power in a hand-held magnifying unit because of stabilization , the excellent light gathering capabilities of this unit in dim light , had my son and his wife clamoring for a chance to share them as well on a recent trip to the cloud forests of Costa Rica . This pair has already been used 4 times as much as other binoculars we 've had and still have that do n't have stabilizaton . The slight extra weight and size are well worth it .
 The Canon 12x36 Image Stabilizationn II binoculars exceeded my rather lofty expectations . I love hunting , scenery , and wildlife viewing , and with these binoculars , it 's like a whole new world has opened up . I chose the higher zoom -LRB- 12 power -RRB- to make the Image Stabilization -LRB- IS -RRB- worthwhile , and it is . The high zoom brings everything right in and the IS lets you see it and enjoy it like nothing I 've experienced before . The optics are clear and sharp , the focus smooth and fast , and the view breathtaking . From watching a chickadee scrape the inside of sunflower seed -LRB- every feather in brilliant detail -RRB- to magnifying the speck of a distant sailboat on the horizon -LRB- enough to see them struggling with a billowing sail in the wind -RRB- to seeing the moons of Jupiter for the first time , the IS held the view steady to enjoy these amazing scenes . The binoculars are light and compact enough to take on long hikes and and the battery life has been more than satisfactory . And , the Amazon.com price made spending major change for these binoculars a good deal , and given their performance , a great value . I love them !!
 These binoculars are by far the most superior I have ever looked thru . My brother the hunter purchased sawarski 's some years back 10 power , they have very good optics -LRB- like mine -RRB- but they do n't have the magic button !!! It 's with this that the magic starts ! Everything comes into prespective , as if you are standing there five feet away . The clarity of these canon 's are the best for the money I paid , nobody could beat amazon 's price ! I have 7x25 wide angle , 10x50 's , which I do n't always use because of the shake at high power . Yes I know you have to take very good care of them and they use batteries , but I do the same with my other binoculars , as with my digtal camera . I strongly recommend these 12x36 for their weight , power , but most of all Image Stabilization . I took them to the 2008 sony open and was looking at the scorecard carrier 's walking on other fairway 's and relaying the info to my wife and friend -LRB- who 's name , what their score was -RRB- following the ball was alot easier ! It is great to look at stars at night , or the landscape during the day . I can hardly wait to get with my brother and compare !!!!
 Two years ago when I purchased a pair of the 10x30IS binocsCanon 10x30 Image Stabilization Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & Batteriesfor my wife , this particular model was not available ; the next size up -LRB- 15x50IS -RRB- were significantly larger and heavier . The 12x36 's are an excellent alternative to the outstanding 10x30 's . They are virtually the same size and weight yet provide a noticeably larger image than the 10x30 's . The stablization is equally superb and worth the money . The only problem is that my wife gave me the 10x30 's and adopted the new 12x36 's for herself !
 Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesGreat binoculars . The clarity and easy stabilizing make it very enjoyable . Light enough to be able to use for a decent amount of time . I 've been using a 7x30 Bushnell which is fine but the Canon gives me greater magnification and light . Fine optics and design .
 Fantastic quality , clarity , weight , and easy of use . Hands down the most impressive binoculars I have own . Fact the further you see the more vibration you see . Its a must in most lenses , I am a photographer , and I used my lenses more then binocular because of the image stabilization system . It has been too hard to carry both , but with this featherweights I can carry a good distance binocular with an IS system that is awesome .
 As an experienced brider -LRB- bird watcher to some -RRB- I 've owned some of the world 's greastest optics , the type of European `` alpha-glass '' that top tour leaders wear with pride.I bought the Canon 12x36 almost 2 years ago based mostly on my respect for the Canon L lenses with internal stabilization that I use on a regular basis for bird photography . All I can say is ... Wow ! . These light-weight , high powered lenses have become my favorites in the field for wildlife observation , especially when viewing wild birds.At first they took a little time to get used to . They really do n't have the feel of a top-of-the-line pair of binos -LRB- they are somewhat darker than most and setting the eye-peices for your own interocular distance is a little strange compared to the roof prism glasses that many of us have become accustomed to -RRB- , but they are what they are . These are not your daddy 's binoculars . However , if you are looking for state-of-the-art high tech optics , look no further.When a subject is focused you see the type of image shake that one would expect at 12x magnification . Then I depress that wonderful little button that activates the image stabilization feature . All of a sudden I feel as though I am now looking at the bird face to face , like I 'm just THREE FEET AWAY ! It 's as if I was studying the bird in a book . I can see details and field marks that others only wish that they could . It has helped me to make some really tough indentifications for my life-list that I might not have recorded otherwise.After being so pleased with the 12x I decided to buy the 18x50 's . I 've owned them both now for a while and I find that I take the 12x36 's out much more often that the larger , heavier 18x . I highly recommend the Canon 12x36 for serious nature -LRB- and or sports -RRB- observation .
 While attending an astronomy club 's night out , one of the members offered to show me a globular cluster using his image stabilized binoculars -LRB- brand unknown -RRB- . As I brought the portion of sky into focus , I pressed the button and -- WOW ! I could clearly see the cluster , not because it was highly magnified , but because my eyes had a chance to focus and process the image . Thoroughly impressed , I walked over to my wife and told her of the experience . A few weeks later , we had a pair of 12x36 Canons , and were counting the moons of Jupiter . My wife wanted her own pair so we would not have to readjust them when sharing . She complained about having to hold down the button all the time , something that I do n't mind doing as I have long fingers . She also wanted a pair that would focus closer.SOLUTIONS
 I have enjoyed looking through some of the finer binos out there and was really taken back by the quality of the Canon 12x36 IS II binos . They feel solid and well made . The controls are well placed and the cups feel good . The IS button is well placed and comfortable to use . I wish it had a lock-on feature so I could move my hands around . Battery life seems reasonable to me . The case lacks padding , but this is a minor issue.The size of the binos is a compromise between capability and size . They feel a little bulky , but this is expected with the IS feature . It is very easy to adapt to the feel of these binos and they balance well.They provide a sharp and crisp image and the IS feature is amazing . It does not compensate for the larger hand movements , but does stabilize all the minor shakes that come from hand holding a 12x bino . I was even able to use them when moving in a car . It took some practice , but after some practice reducing the larger bumps I could easily read license plates hundreds of yards down the road . This feature is well worth having . I find that 12x makes viewing nature all the more enjoyable . After all , the purpose of a bino is to magnify detail and a 12x bino does it better than a 8x bino . When you see a steady 12x image and compare this to a slightly sharper brighter image of a top of the line ` alpha ' bino , you might agree that the Canon IS with 12x makes more of a difference to your overall bino experience than the superior image of the higher end bino . To me it was not close.Some have complained about them being dark and while I agree that they do not match up with binos costing $ 1500 and more . It is really not an issue for me . The fact that you have a 12x magnification is going to make them a little darker and they are not 42mm glass but 36mm which again means a slightly darker image . The coating are not on pare with the ` alpha ' class binos , but for the vast majority of users this will not be an issue . Do not be misled these are bright binos for what they are and I find they work well in low light . They have a nice flat field and the details are sharp across the field.Would I buy them again ? Yes I would not hesitate to do so . This is a high quality bino with some trade offs , but overall for ~ $ 500 it is a great , if not exceptional , bino value . The ability to have a steady 12x is amazing and takes the bino experience to a new level . I wish Canon would have included integrated front caps and I would have liked to have this pair waterproofed , but then the cost would increase.Based on overall value I feel this bino deserves 5 stars .
 I have used a pair of Cannon 15x50 IS binoculars for about 2-3 years in my job doing environmental field work . Most of the work is performed surveying lake and river shorelines from a 14ft boat with an outboard motor running . We are on the road for about a month and a half during the summer with less intense work in the fall and spring . I have logged hundreds of hours per year with the 15x50 to my eyes . Although they do n't smooth out the large jolts of one foot waves or larger at 15-25 mph , it does take out the constant vibration and shake produced from the outboard in the small boat.We have just purchased the 12x36 IS II for a co-worker as he does more work on land than I and he needed something more portable . He loaned them to me to try out , and they are quite fine ... much lighter and easier to carry around . The stabilization is as good as the 15x50s . Just hold down the button and the image `` floats '' rather than shakes all over the place . I have n't tried them long enough to check out the battery life . The specs say they will last twice as long -LRB- 4 hours -RRB- as the 15x50s -LRB- 2 hours -RRB- . I go through about two or three sets of batteries per day with the 15x50s so their estimates are probably close as I probably have them engaged 6-8 hours per day . I highly recommend using Eneloop rechargable batteries , and have a set or two charged up for spares if you use the stabilization feature a lot.The one thing about the 15x50s that is much better is the ability to `` lock '' the stabilization for 5 minutes -LRB- automatically disengages after that time -RRB- with a single click of the button -LRB- or you can click and hold like the 12x32s -RRB- . Sometimes in a rough environment , it 's tough to keep your finger on the button all the time . With the 12x32s , you must constantly hold the button down when you want stabilization engaged . It 's not the most terrible thing in the world , but just not as convenient.Biggest complaint ... . where are the lens caps ? Even my cheap pair that I use in my kayak have lens caps ! But the 15x50s do n't come with objective lens caps either . What gives ? I am as careful with these as possible , but they are subject to some unforgiving condiions -LRB- still have n't dropped them , yet -RRB- . Lots of rain and rough water but still no problems with the 15x50s . I would n't expect less from the 12x32s although they are n't officially rated `` All Weather '' as are the 15x50s . Another thing that I noticed is that they do n't have a tripod mount . It would stand to reason that you would n't need one if you have the stabilization feature , but I could imagine that there would be times where a bird watcher might be set up where a tripod would be adventageous . In my line of work , it does n't make sense , but it is worth mentioning . The 15x50s are threaded for a mount.An additional note ... . a few years ago , I was using my 9x35 Leupolds and saw a plant that I needed to identify on the other side of a shallow weed infested stump field . The plant turned out not to be what I was trying to find , but I still had to shut off the engine , and push and pole the boat through some nasty stuff in hot weather before I could get close enough to make a positive ID . After I got the 15x50s , I was able to view the same plant from open water while my assistant kept driving the boat . I could easily ID the plant without breaking stride . No need to stop or get close . The difference was amazing.In summary , both the 12x36 and the 15x50 are worth the money in my book , and , if I did n't have the money , I would save my pennies or sell something to get it .
 I do a lot of bird watching and am at age 71 , where some unsteadiness in holding binoculars is present . I bought these 12 x 36 IS II binoculars to help offset that difficulty . Purchase , shipping and receival went very smoothly . I was taken back by the bulk of these glasses , but soon had them in good working order . Instructions were clear . Focusing is easily accomplished and the clarity is good , edge to edge . I did find that setting the spacing for the eyepieces was quite different from regular binoculars , but practice gradually improved my ease of doing that . You can not easily change the spacing while holding the binoculars up to your eyes , so be aware of that difference . Image Stabilisation takes effect about 1 second after activating the button and then , with a slight image shift , transitions into a rock solid image about one second later . Given these small differences , the binoculars perform very well and they are now my favorite choice for birding . Eyepiece relief is good , but as with other reviews , I too would have appreciated a simple cover for the objective lenses . I really appreciate the use of easily obtained and relatively inexpensive AA batteries ! Ruggedized coating is excellent.First rate product , also super for astronomy , but you might wish to consider the slightly smaller 10 X 30 IS II units to reduce weight/bulk .
 I just do not know what to say . I really checked this one out . A lot of money for Binoculars I thought . It better make a big difference . WOW . It DOES . You have to see it to believe it . The write ups are right . I am now saving for the bigger ones . VERY WORTH the price . And mine came with a 3 year canon warranty . Not the one year it says on Amazon .
 My previous binoculars , which were used while boating , were Canon IS 10x30 . I found them very useful in detecting markings on the waterways . However , they were lost and , after doing some research , I replaced them with the Canon IS 12x36 . In looking for buoys and other markings , I find the detail to be greater and objects can be seen from a greater distance . The image stabilization feature in both binoculars is a tremendous asset , particularly in a moving boat.Canon 12x36 Image Stabilization II Binoculars w/Case , Neck Strap & BatteriesThey are really superior and very lightweight . I would highly recommend them .
 I was thinking of geting the 10X version . It made more sense to have image stabilization with the 12X version and I could not afford the Nikon 14X . I was happy to find out that the Canon 12X36 IS II takes AA batteries rather than the expensive 3 Volt Lithium batteries used in the older model . Everyone that had a look throught the Canon 12X36 IS II binoculars was impresed with the image stabilization . No regrets .
 I purchased the Canon 12x36 IS II 's a year ago and they still work with the original batteries . At 23 oz they are not as heavy as my Canon 10x42L IS WP 's and can hang from my neck much longer without feeling heavy . They have a sharp 60 AFOV and are the only 12x binoculars I would want to take for birding or any other outdoor use . They are not waterproof so when I want a waterproof IS binocular I just grab my 10x42L IS WP 's .
 The Canon IS 12x36 binoculars take binocular viewing to a wholly different plane . Image improvement is similar to viewing HDTV vrs old analog TV . The optics of these binoculars are beautiful , multi-coated and distortion free . The instrument fits beautifully in my hands , with weight and balance perfect for observing . The focus knob is deft and sensitive and there is a small notch in the bottom of the barrels where my thumbs fit perfectly . And then , when the IS button is pressed , the image steadies and almost pulls your eyes into the scene . I have used these binoculars at a political rally , where from 100 yards away , I could clearly read the name tags on the chairs of the dignitaries . I have also used them for birding and wildlife . Birds in a distant tree jumped into focus with bright colors and crisp resolution . The same excellent results were seen with wild animals . Truly it is a treat to use this magnificent instrument.Addendum 8/14/09 . Jupiter is in spectacular opposition during this month , visible high in the Southern skies in the Northern hemisphere . The Canon IS 12x36 gave a jaw dropping view of this planet , showing a clear disc and 4 distinct moons . It was just superb pressing the IS button and watching Jupiter and the moons steady to an eye grabbing image just as Galileo must have seen 400 hundred years ago when he discovered Jupiter 's satellites .
 Sony calls this new line of flash-based , coin-like -LRB- but they are thick coins ! -RRB- MP3/ATRACT players the Psycs , and their new-age styling does psyc you out . Which is not a bad thing , as they are more euro-cool than the rather bland and boring iPod and the downright butt-ugly iRiver . The more I look at the Psyc , the more I like its looks.The new Psyc MP3 player features 512MB of flash memory , which is great for those of you jogger jocks out there . You can shake this thing violently and it wo n't skip a beat , unlike those hard drive-based players . Before you insert an AAA battery , the Psyc weighs in at an amazingly light 0.9 oz . -- that 's right , folks , it 's less than an ounce ! With the AAA battery , my guess is it 's about 2 oz . It 's very small although , relatively speaking , it looks a little thick . -LRB- About 0.75 in . at its thickest part . -RRB- What , you ask , it uses an AAA battery ? Yes my friend , and this one AAA alkaline battery can power the player up to 70 hours ! That 's almost three full days of continuous playing . The phrase `` up to '' here means that in order to get all 70 hours of playing , you must 1 -RRB- play ATRAC3Plus songs encoded at 48kbps and 2 -RRB- do not press buttons or do random play -LRB- i.e. , just leave the player playing sequentially -RRB- . In the real life we like to skip a song , fast forward , random play -LRB- a.k.a. shuffle play -RRB- , turn it on and off and on and off , and most importantly , we play MP3 songs . All these operations reduce the battery life . Given my experience with previous Sony MP3 players , my estimate is one good AAA battery should last you 40 hours or more . -LRB- With my beloved Sony NW-HD3 , I routinely get the advertised battery life of 30 hours even when playing MP3 files . -RRB- Of course , the use of AAA means you get an abundant and ready supply of cheap power source , and you can trek in the Amazon for weeks on end without having to worry about finding an AC outlet.The Psyc , which comes in three colors -LRB- green and blue for the 512MB version , and orange for the 256MB version -RRB- , has a nice backlit LCD screen , so you always know what you are playing as opposed to having to guess as on some other certain MP3 player . It plays MP3 as well as Sony 's ATRAC songs . If you are an ATRAC fan you 'll like the sound quality of this little player ; it 's at least as good as Sony 's MD players . For MP3 's , the sound quality is a bit `` muffled '' compared to my NW-HD3 20GB player , but still quite good if you pair it with a good pair of headphones -LRB- i.e. , ditch the stock earphones -RRB- . Sony still has a long , long way to go in the user interface department , as this has always been its weakness , whether it 's digital music or digital video or anything else . The Psyc is not hard to use ; its basic functions are no-brainers . But , for anything beyond play/pause/skip , its interface , whether on the unit itself or on the PC transfer side , is still not polished and was clearly designed for a Japanese audience -- Japanese consumers reportedly love to play with complicated gadgets ; no surprise given how elaborate sushi-making and origami are . We American consumers like things that are elegant and simple , and Sony has a lot of room for improvement in this regard.In short , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed in the new Psyc flash-based MP3 players . They are stylish and lightweight and lasts forever on cheap AAA batteries . They have good sound quality and are priced right . Just be prepared to spend some time with the manual and experimenting a little . If you are stuck , you are welcome to e-mail me at gadgester @t hotmail with your questions .
 I wanted to buy a small , flash-based music player primarily for jogging and taking to the gym , so naturally I compared the 2 premier products out right now , Sony PSYC vs. Ipod Shuffle . The PSYC comes out on top in SO many ways .1 -RRB- LCD screen a huge plus for navigating through albums and artists . Shuffle has no screen .2 -RRB- Tremendous amount of features for such a little player , such as shuffle , repeat , browse by artist or browse by song , sound equalizer ... all intuitive to use . By contrast , the Shuffle practically forces you to play your songs on random . Looking for that favorite album ? Good luck finding it with the shuffle .3 -RRB- ATRAC3Plus coding allows you to store MANY more songs in 512 MB compared to Apple 's AAC . 64 kbs in ATRAC3Plus provides excellent sound quality , even through stock ear phones .4 -RRB- 1 AAA battery = 70 hours ! That means no need to constantly have to plug the blasted Shuffle into your computer to recharge everyday.Sony has made an excellent product here , not to mention one that is very asthetically pleasing . You want substance AND style , get the PSYC .
 How much you like Sony 's new flash-memory Network Walkmans is going to depend on what you use them for . I use mine to load seven or eight CDs onto for jogging , walking , and for my car . If you have a large collection of MP3s and other formats you want to load on and off of it , you might find another player that suits your needs.Ripping CDs to Sony 's ATRAC3 format at fairly low bit-rates sounds pretty darn good for such a small player , not to mention that ATRAC is a gapless format , which is excellent for dj-mix CDs , live albums , and so on . MP3s , however , occasionally crop up with some weird digital artifacts that I 've noticed . It does n't ruin them by any means , it 's just up to you as to how good you want your MP3s to sound . Like other reviewers have said , though , the sound -LRB- regardless of format -RRB- is a little muffled . However , Sony was smart enough to allow users to adjust bass and treble levels on the unit -LRB- and save two seperate presets ! -RRB- . Cranking the treble to max remedies the muffled sound to a large degree , creating a very bright sound , if not exactly a colorful one.Besides saving your own sound adjustments , the unit also lets you browse tracks on the player by `` groups '' -LRB- albums , playlists , etc. -RRB- , which is very handy . Playback features are numerous , and let you shuffle songs by group , or every song , plus a variety of repeat options . The display is even customizable . One minor issue is the tricky hold/group slider and the sunken menu buttons on the back , but for a player this size there 's probably not too much they could do . The rocking-faceplate buttons , hoever , are a neat trick . As for Sony 's SonicStage software , at least it 's semi-intuitive ; I 've seen a lot worse -LRB- ahem , Rio -RRB- . My 20GB Karma ruined me for features a lot of other hard drive -LRB- let alone flash -RRB- players did n't give you . Surprisingly , my little Network Walkman can keep up , with gapless playback , customizable sound , and excellent battery life , not to mention how cool it looks . Any one who is looking for a fun , inexpensive way to carry around some of their favorite tracks would do well to pick one of these guys up .
 After looking at Ipod shuffle , I opted for the PSYC at a few bucks less . It holds more songs if you use Sony 's ATRAC system and has more navigation options than the Ipod . The sound quality is great even on the supplied earbuds . The software is easy to use , though the translations from Japanese can be strange in the instruction manuals . It runs on a single AAA battery for lots of hours , no worry about recharging . It also looks a lot neater than Ipod and not everyone is carring one , yet . Great LCD display . All in all a good buy .
 I have had my mp3 player for a couple of weeks . I love it ! It was so easy to load my CD 's onto it and so easy to use while jogging . I reccommend it .
 this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an iPod but considering the fact that , going to buy a PMP in near future , decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become : creative zen n200-Shuffle-NWe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became N200 because of low price and featured-pack package , but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie : NW-E103 cause it has the nearest price to N200 and never go back.and now my expressions : after i got it , i must say it is very beautiful and stylish -LRB- i picked the one with Orange color -RRB- to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you , it IS excellent.and for the software side you can either Drag & Drop ; by updating mp3 file manager to v. 2 . o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful UI you can with a little effort import all your library and -LRB- you must rearrenge it -RRB- and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space , wich i find very nice and useful , you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression.the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and Hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars.over all very happy to buy it and recommend it .
 Its very sturdy and solid . The locks arent as well made as I would like , but I have high standards for things like that . I had to send the first one back because one lock would no latch at all . Manufacturer random error , it happens . Replacement was perfect.Remember that this is more about protecting the laptop , not security , the locks wont stop anyone with a large blunt object.Will fit a 15 '' notebook if you use the included velcro padded bar . Without the bar , my Dell Studio 17 fits , but * exactly * fits . There is enough room ontop of laptop for power brick -LRB- and cords -RRB- and maybe a few small items -LRB- my non-travel size mouse fits in the height no problem -RRB- but not a whole lot of space.Would recommend for good travel protection , but would pack bulk of accessories in 2nd case/bag . Would take on plane , but not to office every day . You get some awesome looks from people when you carry it -LRB- Walk with the right air about you , and people will thing you are super important -RRB- Like some reviews say , and also the spec , its heavy when empty , nearly 8 pounds . Combined with laptop , its got quite a mass to it . Shoulder strap takes care of that . Its awesome if you are not carrying it .
 Although i 'm using this attache case for paper work right now . It has a moderate balance in weight with plenty of useful compartments . So far the construction of this product appears suitable for my needs . However it does allow room for a smaller laptop or tablet device with a velcro strap to hold it in place .
 very durable material on the exterior and interior is neat as advertised . Quality product and I liked it a lot . Highly recommended to anyone who likes professional looks metal exterior .
 Great case , like the Velcro insert that you can move around to adjust to your laptop size . Only thin I have problem with is you have to pull the top of the case a bit to get it to seat properly , but even my guitar does the same thing . Its held up with all the hauling around and kept my stuff safe .
 This is a great sturdy case for all kind of applications . I use it to haul sound mixer board and it works great .
 Was a birthday present for my brother in law . LOVES it !!!!!! Great briefcase !!
 This is a great product . I got it for my sansa and it works perfectly . The only down side is that it wont work with some cassete players because of the cord but is way better than the griffin itrip because there is no static and great sound quality
 This works perfectly . I have an older vehicle and the FM transmitter was n't cutting it . The cassette adaptor provides crystal clear sound .
 I purchased a fuji finepix 4900 without a charger and although the camera comes with an AC adaptor in which you can charge the battery unto it , this solves my problem with no worries . though at first its kinda confusing to see the 2 leds lighting up , untill then that you will not read the manual , you will not be able to understand why it still lighted even if there 's no battery being charged .
 With the updated mp3 manager software , I was able to transfer my mp3 's directly without converting them to Sony 's format . This used to be their only weakness whien it came to mp3 players and with this update , Sony beats them all . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 this is my first mp3 player and i just chose it after a good research over net and considering my budget.at first wanted to buy an iPod but considering the fact that , going to buy a PMP in near future , decided to go with flash-based players and also lower the price as much as i can my choices now become : creative zen n200-Shuffle-NWe100 series.considering shuffles lack of features my main choice became N200 because of low price and featured-pack package , but when i saw all those awfull ratings reviewers gave it and seeing it at store i went with my last choie : NW-E103 cause it has the nearest price to N200 and never go back.and now my expressions : after i got it , i must say it is very beautiful and stylish -LRB- i picked the one with Orange color -RRB- to hide in your pocket!and also very small.sound quality is extreme as expected from sony products dont let other reviewers confuse you , it IS excellent.and for the software side you can either Drag & Drop ; by updating mp3 file manager to v. 2 . o or using sonicstage 3.0-i must say after reading all those reviews which say it is a crap i found it very useful and also beautiful UI you can with a little effort import all your library and -LRB- you must rearrenge it -RRB- and then transfer them.you can also convert your songs to atrack3/plus and reduce their size so that you can double or triple your players space , wich i find very nice and useful , you can play with the settings and choose the bitrate that best suits you-in most cases you cant tell the diffrence after compression.the unit itself is well-built and can last a long time.face plate buttons are very intuitive and nice my only compliant is the usb cover and Hold switch wich are not that easy to operate and wish it had 512mb or 1gb thats why i gave it 4 stars.over all very happy to buy it and recommend it .
 So I have seen two pretty bad reviews here and let me tell you , those people are doing something wrong ! I have had my Sony Network Walkman for 2 days now and I LOVE IT !! This is my first Mp3 player and being the technology idiot that I am , I was afraid that I would get this thing and it would take me days to figure out how to use it . Well , within 15 minutes I was beginning the process of transfering the better part of my music collection onto this itsy bitsy tiny little thing . It was so easy to use the software . It even came with 5 free music downloads from SonicStage.The thing I am most impressed with is the sound quality . The only songs that suffered any quality -LRB- only a little bit -RRB- are songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs that are copies of songs . Understandable . But the rest of them are crystal clear . You can adjust the eq only a little bit , but for me , its enough . I like the bass a little heavy and this player satisfies that.All in all , I believe that I got really got my money 's worth . This absolutely a great purchase , I love it , I love it , I love it !
 This player is amazing for the category it 's in . People complaining about it are comparing it to hard drive players but this is a flash memory player so it 'll never skip . The sound quality is excellent . Of course you need to use Sony 's Sonic Stage program to put music into it but that 's what makes this one so much better than the others in it 's category . Sony 's program compresses the music file so you get almost 700 songs in the 1 GB memory . Compare this to the Apple iPod shuffle which is also 1 GB and only holds 240 songs . Plus the iPod plays at random and does n't have a display to show you what 's playing or choose what you want to hear . This blows the iPod out of the water for the same price . I 'm very happy with this player and will eventually be moving up to the 20 GB Sony hard drive MP3 player which holds 13,000 songs compared the Apple 20 GB player that only holds 5,000 .
 All the other reviews on here are very negative . I understand where they 're all coming from . It is NOT easy to put songs on this player and if you 're a fan of any other music jukebox besides Sony 's SonicStage -LRB- I am ... -RRB- then you 're going to have a hard time . If you put some work into this player , it can be better than an iPod -LRB- in storage -RRB- . According to the description on a 2 GB iPod Nano , it can store 1,000 songs on 2 gigs . This 1 GB Sony Network Walkman could probably store a TON more than that -LRB- possibly 2000 but you 'd have to be very lucky -RRB- . Here 's a little guide to using it that will make it worth it .1 . Make a folder for each artist and put their songs in alphabetical order in each folder -LRB- yes this must be done manually -RRB- . By doing this you can quickly get to the artist you want ultimately making it easier to get to the song you want faster .2 . Mess around with the settings on SonicStage . Personally I think the best transfer setting is to have it set to 64 kbps . You still have high quality audio without losing the space . -LRB- Just a note
 I 've been using mine for a couple of months now . It 's simple to operate , it sounds great -LRB- ! -RRB- , it has no harddrive to fail , and it runs a long time on one AAA battery . It weighs so little , I can let it dangle from my neck when I 'm at my desk . I like it a lot.There is a three position switch on the side that allows you to step by track or by folder . The third position is `` hold '' which locks out the other buttons so you can carry it in your pocket with no worries about accidentally changing settings.The E107 will play music ripped to 256 bits , which is CD quality to my ears . The player is advertised to accept up to 320 bit MP3s but anything above 256 gets re-compressed . I find the sonic quality of Sony 's re-compression unacceptable , so I 've re-ripped my music at 256 bits -LRB- variable bit rate -RRB- . Most people probably rip at 160 to 192 so this would n't be an issue for many.The SonicStage software is n't exactly dazzling , but it 's Ok . I have the generic file management software loaded onto my device , but I usually do n't bother with it . SonicStage is adequate for my use.My wife has expressed an interest in an MP3 player after seeing mine , so we 'll probably end up with a second one .
 My Sony 1gb mp3 player does a lotts working time on one AAA battery . The music is super quality , though I suggest another headphone set ! Connected with FM transmitter for car stereo & is great there as well . Only drawback it does not play WMA digital proteced rights managemet . Can be corrected to play with program called Tunebite Works with wma sound files etc. . Also could use a band or something to secure to your bodyMark
 Some of the reviews here contain materially false information.This player plays MP3 songs directly , without the need to convert them to ATRAC3/ATRAC3plus format . This is covered at great length in the manual.This player supports drag-and-drop for MP3 files . The SonicStage software is only necessary if you want to work with ATRAC . Look online for the appropriate version of Sony 's `` MP3 File Manager '' -LRB- version 2.0 as of this writing -RRB- . For those who want to work with ATRAC , SonicStage is a stable and reliable application , when used in a stable and reliable environment . It is best to use Windows XP , install the lastest updates , use virus-checking software , and avoid running software from untrusted sources .
 This was my first digital music player purchase . I did a great deal of research on numerous players before finally deciding to buy this product . I could not be more impressed with the player , and consider it a great investment . Contrary to reviewer complaints about the SonicStage software , I found the software to be fairly user friendly after reading the instructions and working with it for only a short time . It accomplishes everything it is intended to do . I compressed several CD 's and transferred them directly into the player via the software . I also transferred numerous MP3 's into the player . The player came with a coupon for five free downloads from the Sony Connect Music Store . I took advantage of the coupon , and downloaded the free songs . The music store can be accessed directly via the Internet or through the SonicStage software suite.I have no complaints with the sound of the player . The sound is crystal clear , and tone preferences can be adjusted manually . I also found the player to have plenty of volume when used with the included headphones . It does have a fragile feel to it , so I recommmend purchasing the sleeve armband that is advertised as an accessory . There is no clip on the player , so the armband serves a dual purpose as a protective and carrying device that works well during during physical activity such as running and cycling.There are numerous players available out there . For the money , I think this is a smart bet .
 i got this mp3 player for my birthday 5 years ago and until recently it stoped working . the most durable electronic i have ever had . i 've dropped it like a million times and stepped on it and washed it -LRB- by accident -RRB- and took it apart . it still worked . the down side is the software needed to put music into the device . sonic stage really sucks . overall i am happy with it . was sad when it stopped working
 Despite all the reviews out there warning about file transferring and sony mp3 players i decided to get this b/c it was the most banf for the buck . The mp3 player and software are actually both pretty easy to use . You just basically load the songs onto the software and transfer the songs onto the player . Simple as that . The software can convert the songs from mp3 format into atrac3-plus format when you are transferring songs , so that way the player can hold more songs . I 've uploaded a little over 500 songs onto my player at 64-kbps and the quality isnt noticeably different from my other mp3s . Another good thing is that navigation is pretty easy on the mp3 player . You basically organize your songs into `` groups '' and you name your groups , e.g. rock , sum 41 , r & b , etc. , and you can just browse to the group you want . And you can shuffle/repeat the group you want or all the songs in the mp3 player . You can also browse song-by-song , which doesnt take too long , the navigation goes pretty quickly when you hold down the buttons . The battery life is also very good . You can use the thing on one AAA for more than 40 hours . The mp3 player also resumes the music you were playing immediately when turned on . So overall a great mp3 player , but for the following
 I just bought this and have been playing with it for a few hours . I do n't have any idea why all these people are whining . Their major complaint is that the software is hard to use . That just blows me away . If you have the technical skill to navigate to amazon.com , then you will be able to use this software with no problem.The player itself is completely amazing , though . I love this to death . It is much smaller than the pictures lead you to believe and it is feather light . It blows my mind how this thing weighs less than the AAA battery that is used to run it ! Everyone says the battery lasts up to 70 hours , too . I hav n't had it long enough to check that , but from what I 've seen with it on for the last few hours , it has ' t run down any . Control is pretty easy , too . The sound quality is great , and this little thing is LOUD . It can go high enough to be too loud , and that 's something I like in an Mp3 player . It also has a feature to automatically adjust the volume between songs . That 's a nice feature since some of the songs I own are quiet and hard to hear and it makes them all equally audible.I hav n't owned this thing for a full day yet , but I love it to death ! This is a spectacular Mp3 player , even if the other reviews make it seem like an inferior product . 5 Stars !!
 I love this little tiny MP3 player . I really have no complaints about it . The software is easy to install and user friendly . The MP3 player itself is so small and lightweight yet easy to operate , even while running . It never skips either . I loaded music on it right away when I got it and was amazed at how easy it was to convert my music files to their sony software and then the transfer was a snap . The sound is great and I am using basic headphones from a previous Sony product . Possibly could be better with better headsets , but who knows , the sound is plenty for your ears . I highly recommend this one . For the price you ca n't beat it !
 I really do n't understand the hyperbolic criticism of Sony 's SonicStage software . It took me all of five minutes to figure it out , without even looking at the manual . Clearly , some of the reviewers here have failed to read THEIR manual . There 's no requirement to use SonicStage ; your PC will see the NW-E107 as just another USB-connected storage device . Use Windows Explorer to drag and drop your MP3 's , if that 's the format you like ... this unit plays them just perfectly.I suppose if you have a humongous library of MP3 's , and for some reason you really really really wanted to be able to manipulate them through SonicStage , you would become frustrated that you had to first `` transfer '' them into the SonicStage library and put them in a playlist . But this really is n't the best use for the included software . The advantage with SonicStage is realized for someone just starting with assembling a collection of portable music files . The ATRAC3/ATRAC3plus compression algorithms designed by Sony allow you to cram an incredible amount of music onto this tiny podlet . It 's really remarkable ... I 'm currently walking around with 27 full-length cd 's on mine . This is plenty for me to choose from when I go running , or have to get on an airplane , or have an extended stint at the old computer keyboard at work . The unit weighs practically NOTHING ; the packaging it comes in weighs more than it does . Even with the AAA battery in , it simply disappears in a shirt pocket , you do n't even feel it there . It 's great when working out ; when I 'm out running I just pop it in the pocket of my shorts.The controls are simple and intuitive . Is it `` feature rich ? '' Gee , I dunno ... it plays the songs , lets me access them easily , lets me shape the treble and bass -LRB- you get three preset levels , one the flat factory setting , the other two user configurable ... I have one setting for general use and one for inside the motorcycle helmet -RRB- . You can preset a volume level that will be your default whenever you fire it up . There 's some other stuff it does , but that 's all I ever need , so I have n't spent too much time monkeying around with the other features -LRB- lots of byzantine repeat modes that I would never use in a million years -RRB- . I program computers all day , the last thing I want to do is have to program my personal stereo.I 'm giving four stars instead of five because the little plastic plug that covers the USB port is kind of tricky to pry open , and because there 's no way to clip this thing onto your clothes if you happen to be without a convenient pocket . Also , I 'm not totally sold on the earpod headphones ... but I have a pair of Sony PSYC headphones that I love , so no biggie . Otherwise I am totally pleased with this purchase . Under $ 150 , and I have triple the song capacity and triple the battery life of a $ 300 + iPod . For me , that 's worth sacrificing all of the file-sharing-with-friends features that probably appeal more to kids in high school and college . I just want to listen to music . This little guy does the job for me .
 I bought this player then started reading reviews on amazon BEFORE i opened it just in case . The major gripe that people have is the whole sonic stage and no DRAG AND DROP . Everything else seems to get great ratings . Check out what I have found straight from the Sony Style FAQ page.Q1
 If you 're thinking of buying an I-pod Shuffle , get this instead . It 's cheaper , easy-to-use , has a screen so you can select songs/albums , and fits more music . Oh , and it has a pretty good battery life .
 This is the second time I 've purchased this product . Ca n't jog with anything else ...
 This player works great . I have owned it for a little over a year now and it has been going strong . I wanted to clear up a few misconceptions that older reviews seem to focus on ... this player DOES NOT have to be used with Sonic Stage software ... at some point , Sony included a download in their updates section that allows you to download an mp3 transfer program . Although it 's not as nice as the drag/drop format of a newer player , it sure beats importing to ATRAC and then converting to MP3 . You can find this download on Sony 's support site at : http://esupport.sony.com/US/perl/swu-download.pl?mdl=NWE107&upd;_id=1936&os;_id=99For some , since this player does n't have any functions like voice recording , fm player/recorder or sleep timer that some of the newer players now have it may not be worth it to buy this model . For people like me who just want a simple mp3 player , nothing else I 've seen comes close to touching the 60 hours of playback time that I can get from one single AAA battery . -LRB- I also own a Sansa m240 mp3 player and only get 16 hours from the same size battery and can take the dead battery out of the Sansa and it will play another 5-6 hours in this Sony ! -RRB-
 After some careful research comparing players , I decided this Sony was the right player for me because 1 -RRB- I primarily want to add music from my CD collection , and this software , despite everyone 's bellyaching , produces MUCH better sound than IPOD 's . I earned my living as a music critic for svereal years , and the SONY sound is absolutely excellent . For classical music there 's no comparison . 2 -RRB- I travel overseas a lot and the ease of changing a little AAA battery , which lasts for 50 - 60 hours , is wonderful . I know I 'll have my music because I 'm not dependent on finding outlets with the right plugs and risking blowing up my player on a bad voltage connection.Many of the complaints seem to arise from assumptions made about the player and capabilities it was not intended to feature , rather than product which does n't live up to its claims.I 've just bought a new SOMY Walkman A3000 20 GB because I want more storage , but I will keep this little beauty because it 's the only one I know that runs on a battery . I 'll also replace it if I can , should it 's life run out before a newer version is available .
 I just had to write this review because I recently decided to buy an alkaline battery-powered MP3 player which can record off a built-in microphone and has a radio tuner . I ordered the Creative Zen Nano & the Sandisk Sansa and they were so much more inferior in quality to the Sony Network Walkman . I 've read the reviews and it seems that most of the problems people have with Sony is the software . There do not seem to be very many people who encounter hardware problems with Sony . The drag and drop features of the other players were very attractive , but it does n't do you any good if the player breaks down all the time . I 've had my Sony MP3 player for a little over a year now and it has been very reliable . My husband has one too and he loves it . I usually load our CDs using ATRAC3 format but I have a couple of MP3 songs which I imported into Sonic Stage -LRB- using `` Import . . Music File '' -RRB- . We create playlists on Sonic Stage and just load the playlists into our players -LRB- note . . it is very slow in transfering and deleting files . . grrr -RRB- . It 's a pain , since I have two different music libraries -LRB- one in MP3 and one in ATRAC3 -RRB- , but I never worry about my player locking up or crashing . In short , you just have to decide what is more important to you ... if your music library is fairly stable -LRB- i.e. you do n't recycle or change your songs often -RRB- and you want a player that 's well made and reliable , then this one is for you.Oh yeah . . I also hate the fact that you have to register your player and your computer with the Sonic Stage Website in order to use your player ... and you can only register a limited number of computers -LRB- 5 -RRB- to use with your player at one time . I only really use one computer to load songs into my player but I just do n't like the idea of having a limit . And since it takes so long to erase all the songs off the player at one time , I just format the player -LRB- which erases all the songs in a couple of seconds -RRB- , but I have to re-register the player with the website to reload songs into it ... grrrr !
 I traditionally buy Sony for whatever portable listening device I 'm currently using -LRB- all the way back from the original Walkman -RRB- . They have a great shelf life , and I suspect this player will too.I actually like the idea of using replacable batteries over a rechargable internal battery because the life is so much longer . Other rechargables do n't even make a transcontinental flight , and then you 're stuck ! Besides , ONE AAA battery lasts a very long time in this little beauty.The buttons are simple and excellent . There are too many players with tiny buttons that these big thumbs ca n't press easily while jogging ; this player does it right.Also , the Shuffle does not have a display . This does , and it lets you choose between individual songs or whole albums -LRB- groups -RRB- ... yes !! About the software , yes it is a little annoying , but it 's a quick extra step and is handy for compiling mixed playlists . Otherwise , I do miss the drag and drop of my old player and havent taken the time to see how that can be done with this -LRB- hence the 4 stars instead of 5 -RRB- . I have n't fooled around with the ATRAC format either - I keep the music files in mp3 format so that I can do other things with them.About the sound quality - and there 's really only a few other reviewers dissatisfied - try adjusting the sound equalizer and using headphones other than the ones supplied -LRB- they are n't any good -RRB- . I can get M.I.A. severely thumping at 190kbps . Besides , the ability to store so many albums on this inexpensive device makes it a little easier to compromise on sound quality . The thing is to tinker with the controls and the file sizes until you 're happy . So far I am .
 I 've had this player for a few weeks now and I must say this is the BEST investment I have made ! It really is an adorable little device that packs a HUGE audio punch . The sound is superior to any portable music player I have tried , and you can fully adjust the treble and bass to how ever your preference prefers . For such a small device , it has many features that make this device very interesting and enjoyable to work with and listen to . It 's also a handy , portable , plug-n-play storage device that allows you to drag and drop files.I read all the reviews I could before I purchased this device , and many people complained about the lack of drag-n-drop of music files . Sony has made such software capabilities available for past players , so perhaps they will for this player in the future as well . For me , it does n't matter because Sony 's SonicStage software just is NOT that big of a deal for me to use . Over the years I have amassed a HUGE MP3 collection of my own CD 's and CD 's I check out from the public library -LRB- a better option than downloading if you live in a larger Metro area with a HUGE music collection in their library -RRB- . It is quite simple to get the music on the player . I imported the MP3 versions into SonicStage , converted them all to ATRAC3plus 48 kbs and dumped them on to the player.I 'm fairly picky about the quality of music I listen to , but I can NOT state firmly enough how absolutely GREAT the sound quality of even 48 kbs of the ATRAC3plus versions sound on this player . By converting my MP3 collection to the ATRAC3plus 48 kbs files system , I still have my MP3 collection AND a MUCH reduced in file size set that I can burn on to CD 's for a backup . Blank CD 's are inexpensive , and it 's good to have another backup of my music collection . By converting my MP3 's to the ATRAC3plus system , I now have around 750 songs on my Network Walkman player . Sony indicates 695 , but there certainly IS room for more than that . It 's just AMAZING that I can listen to my music on this player at work for two weeks and not hear the same song twice AND all of this from one AAA battery . INCREDIBLE!Yes , it will be nice when Sony finally gets the armband released for this player , but I have a brain and can figure out a way to make my own until then . That 's called ingenuity . ; - -RRB- If you want an FM tuner , Sony has a 1 GB player with that feature either out or soon to be released . I purchased this player because I do NOT want to have to listen to the radio . I just can not say enough good about this player . The onboard features are excellent , the operation of the player and yes , even the SonicStage software are quite intuitive if you take a few seconds to actually make the effort to look -LRB- and heaven forbid - read ! -RRB- through the menus . I have an older and slower computer and when I imported and converted my MP3 's , it did take a while to convert them to the MUCH better sounding and efficient ATRAC3plus 48 kbs , but I simply began the process right before I went to sleep . When I woke up in the morning they were done and transferring the ATRAC3plus 48 kbs files on to the player was very quick , even with my slower USB 1 transfer capabilities . It was literally only a matter of minutes to fill up my player with over two weeks worth of high quality sounding music pleasure.If you do n't care about listening to the radio , you do n't need your player to be a mini-recorder , you do n't mind having about two week 's worth of music to listen to all from one AAA battery , then I HIGHLY recommend you purchasing this player . I have absolutely NO regrets and am 100 % satisfied with my purchase and the performance of this player . Thank you Sony !
 This thing ROCKS . I love it , lots of features , small , great LCD.TAKE EVERYTHING good about this and just read that.Use the file manager thing . search on google sony e-107 file manager the only flaw is that it is VERY SLOW . but besides that it works great.THIS THING ROCKS !
 It 's true that you need to use SonicStage in order to be able to PLAY songs on this player . However , when you attach the NW-E107 to the USB cable , it is recognized as a USB drive . You can , in fact , drag and drop files onto it , as well as off of it .
 My iRiver IFP-195 finally packed up the other day so I began looking around for a suitable replacement . iPods have never appealed to me due to battery issues and sound quality and iRiver 's latest products do not support Windows 98 so I decided to check out Sony 's latest offerings . That 's when I came across this wonderful little player.I do n't download music , I just convert my own CDs so I was n't concerned about any alleged MP3 issues -LRB- although it obviously does play them -RRB- . I had previously converted my CDs to WMA for the iRiver and so once I got this home I converted some of my favourite albums to ATRAC3 -LRB- 132kbps -RRB- to see if they sounded as good . Not only did they sound better , especially the bass , but unlike MP3 and WMA on the iRiver there were no added gaps between tracks . This meant that I could finally listen to albums like Oxygene and Equinoxe without the annoying split-second gaps between the tracks on the CD . It was worth it for that alone.As for SonicStage , I do n't understand why people have a problem with it . You put a CD in , convert the tracks to ATRAC3 -LRB- or ATRAC3Plus -RRB- , plug the player in and copy the tracks across . Once on the player you can move the albums around . It 's not rocket science and I actually found it to be better than iRiver 's Music Manager.In summary , I think this is a wonderful player which far exceeded my expectations .
 First of all , I got to say that I has a iPod Shuffle 1G , and the change to the new Sony Sony NW-E107 Network Walkman 1 GB was awesome . This unit has a great sound quality , you can control the bass and treble levels . The earbuds are pretty good , sounds great.The buttons and display are fine . The LCD display it 's no that clear and the buttons are quite complicated to command , you need to take the hole unit in your hand to control the player.The battery , the best . You can have up to 70 hours of continuous playing with only one AAA battery . And if you go for a long trip or something , you would get there with batteries , and if not , you can replace it . Great.The software . The bad part of the movie . I thought that iTunes was lame , but the Sony 's SonicStage it 's even worst . Quite complited , not friendly , not good.The other ugly part of the unit it 's the transfer speed from the computer . With USB 2.0 you can transfer below 1Mb/s . I think that the bad parts ca n't compare with the great ones . Sounds great , superior battery life , good earbuds and good looking .
 I 'll make this quick : It 's tiny.It 's solid.IT SOUNDS AWESOME!PS ... I 'm not sure why there 's so much griping about the software . It does exactly what it 's supposed to do and does it well . It 's obvious some of these reviewers have not used any other music related software ... because they are all cumbersome and a little bulky . Sony 's is no better NOR worse than any of the others I 've used , and I 've used quite a few .
 This new line of flash-based , coin-like -LRB- but they are thick coins , esp . in the waist ! -RRB- MP3/ATRACT players from Sony are the latest models of their Psyc line of digital music players . The new-age styling of these MP3 players does psyc you out . Which is not a bad thing , as they are more euro-cool than the rather bland and boring iPod and the downright butt-ugly iRiver . The more I look at the Psyc , the more I like its looks.The new silver Psyc MP3 player features 1GB of flash memory , which is great for those of you jogger jocks out there . You can shake this thing violently and it wo n't skip a beat , unlike those hard drive-based players . Before you insert an AAA battery , the Psyc weighs in at an amazingly light 0.9 oz . -- that 's right , folks , it 's less than an ounce ! With the AAA battery , my guess is it 's about 2 oz . It 's very small although , relatively speaking , it looks a little thick -- esp . in the middle area where the single AAA battery resides . -LRB- About 0.75 in . at its thickest part . -RRB- What , you ask , it uses an AAA battery ? Yes my friend , and this one AAA alkaline battery can power the player up to 70 hours ! That 's almost three full days of continuous playing . The phrase `` up to '' here means that in order to get all 70 hours of playing , you must 1 -RRB- play ATRAC3Plus songs encoded at 48kbps and 2 -RRB- do not press buttons or do random play -LRB- i.e. , just leave the player playing sequentially -RRB- . In the real life we like to skip a song , fast forward , random play -LRB- a.k.a. shuffle play -RRB- , turn it on and off and on and off , and most importantly , we play MP3 songs . All these operations reduce the battery life . Given my experience with previous Sony MP3 players , my estimate is one good AAA battery should last you 40 hours or more . -LRB- With my beloved Sony NW-HD3 , I routinely get the advertised battery life of 30 hours even when playing MP3 files . -RRB- Of course , the use of AAA means you get an abundant and ready supply of cheap power source , and you can trek in the Amazon for weeks on end without having to worry about finding an AC outlet.The Psyc also comes in three other colors -LRB- green and blue for the 512MB version , and orange for the 256MB version -RRB- . It has a nice , sharp backlit LCD screen , so you always know what you are playing as opposed to having to guess as on some other certain MP3 player . It plays MP3 as well as Sony 's ATRAC songs . If you are an ATRAC fan you 'll like the sound quality of this little player ; it 's at least as good as Sony 's MD players . For MP3 's , the sound quality is a bit `` muffled '' compared to my NW-HD3 20GB player , but still quite good if you pair it with a good pair of headphones -LRB- i.e. , ditch the stock earphones -RRB- . Sony still has a long , long way to go in the user interface department , as this has always been its weakness , whether it 's digital music or digital video or anything else . The Psyc is not hard to use ; its basic functions are no-brainers . But , for anything beyond play/pause/skip , its interface , whether on the unit itself or on the PC transfer side , is still not polished and was clearly designed for a Japanese audience -- Japanese consumers reportedly love to play with complicated gadgets ; no surprise given how elaborate sushi-making and origami are . We American consumers like things that are elegant and simple , and Sony has a lot of room for improvement in this regard.In short , I do n't think you 'll be disappointed in the new Psyc flash-based MP3 players . They are stylish and lightweight and lasts forever on cheap AAA batteries . They have good sound quality and are priced right . Just be prepared to spend some time with the manual and experimenting a little with transfering music . If you are stuck , you are welcome to e-mail me at gadgester @t hotmail with your questions.Recommended .
 `` Flawed Fatally '' and `` SonicStage Suicide '' are pretty much right on in their appraisals.The hardware is awesome . I do n't regret getting this gem . I just squeezed 20 albums on this puppy with roughly 250 + songs.And the battery life is spectacular - Sony must employ some of the best power management experts on the planet.However , and this is the big frustrator , the Sonic software IS the worst piece of crap I 've ever used , going back to the DOS days of the '80s . It 's horrendously slow -LRB- almost like watching the grass grow -RRB- , weirdly inaccurate -LRB- in it 's gauges showing transfers -RRB- , unintuitive , and basically a scam -LRB- my opinion -RRB- to get you out to their website to sell you more music.BTW , since the instruction manual says you ca n't drag-and-drop MP3s and have them play , and since I tried this and it in fact does n't work just as the folks at Sony truthfully say , do n't believe that you can despite what other reviewers here say . What you can do is drag-and-drop files , so you could use this as a portable memory stick , but they really do n't play ... at least I have n't been able to get them to play.In summary , however bad the software is , the hardware is still amazing and I hope that I wo n't have to interact with the software too often . I even went out and downloaded the latest software from the ` net , so do n't think this is just an outdated review and new software might be available . I suggest to Sony that they skip from version 3.2 straight to 5.0 , fire all the developers of the present software and go get a team who can whip off something worthwhile . And , develop drag-and-drop for MP3s .
 This mp3 player is great ! It 's small , has a long battery life , and it can hold a ton of songs . Also , it has two modes so you can skip easily from playlist to playlist or just look through the songs from one playlist . I recommend getting the armband that goes with it . It makes working out very enjoyable and it does n't get in the way . Overall , a great product .
 I really like this thing ... There 's just 1 big problem . I let my friend borrow this , and he accidently erased everything on the player . . including the folder `` OMGAUDIO '' i dont know how 2 get it back ... if anybody knows . . please email me at typhoon62@gmail.com
 IM NOT GON NA SIT HERE AND WRITE A REVIEW THATS VERY DETAILED , SOME PEOPLE ALREADY DONE THAT SO WHAT IM GOING TO SAY IS SIMPLE AND EASY . THIS MP3 PLAYER SIMPLY RULES , THE HEAD PHONES IS SO SO . THE SONIC STAGE SOFTWARE THAT COMES WITH THE MP3 PLAYER IS SO EASY TO WORK , U SPEND 3 MINUTES READING THE CARD TO SHOW U HOW TO ATTACH THE MP3 PLAYER AND HOW TO COPY MUSIC FROM YOUR PC ETC. . ITS SO EASY FOR ME I BOUGHT THIS CD PRETTY MUCH TO RIP MY CURRENT CDS ONTO THE PLAYER ... IT WORKS GREAT ALL U GOT TA DO IS INSERT THE CD AND IT READS IT STORES AND ALL VERY FAST . IF U RIP A CD U BURNED U CLICK A SEPARATE BUTTON CLICK IMPORT SONGS AND THATS IT U ARE DONE , LABEL THE FOLDER AND ITS FINISH . DONT SEE WHY SO MANY PEOPLE ARE CRYING CAUSE THEY CANT FIGURE THIS OUT . I DID TONS OF RESEARCH ON THE NET BEFORE I GOT THIS MP3 PLAYER AND IT SIMPLY ROCKS . ONLY THING THAT SUCKS IS IT DOES NOT COME WITH A NECK STRAP BUT I HAD A OLD DIGITAL CAMERA THAT HAD A NECK STRAP THAT I FIT ONTO THE MP3 PLAYER SO PROBLEM SOLVED . 5 STARS FOR THIS PLAYER
 You can go with the flow and buy an iPod or you can be smart and buy this awesome device with superior technology . Here 's a side by side comparison with the 1gb iPod shuffle : - Number of songs
 This Sony NW-E107 is just what the doctor ordered to relax with . It has great sound and is very easy to download from your computer.I am taking it on a cruise ...
 Cable is actualy heavier duty than what came the kit . Run of over 150 feet with no loss of signal .
 This cable is very well made , twice as thick as other cables I ` ve bought for my other cameras . Would recomend it ...
 This is my second Belkin . I even had a small AC plugged in.The only thing I experienced is that the cable or phone gets fuzzy if you pass it through this surge protector . But for electricity , it works great . Great price also.I have n't used the wall mount because I do n't want to drill holes . Sometimes you have to yank a plug out , and I just do n't want to cause any damage .
 I 've had this product for a while now , and I have to say I am very pleased with it . It works as expected and is a really good idea to have around the house.Specifically , there are just two things I disliked about this -LRB- keep in mind , I still gave this 5 stars -RRB- . First off , it is a little bit bulky . It has a thick power cord and the strip itself is a little big for my taste . But for 7 outlets , it 's really not that bad.Secondly , I really like the one outlet that is spaced off from the rest . This lets you put in a plug of bigger size or different orientation -LRB- I use this with my laptop power adapter -RRB- . It would have been nicer if they other ones had been a little bit more spaced out also.Don ' t let those two points get you down though . This is a top-notch product from Belkin .
 I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality . I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed . This model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and I would highly recommend it .
 It 's just a surge protector , but this is nicer looking than other ones I 've had over the years , and the cord is long enough to actually move it to where it needs to go . I recommend buying it .
 This model power strip burned from an underground wire being cut , but saved the items plugged into it from being burned . Good model to consider for its value .
 We bought this to use with our TV , DVD player , ect ... It does the job . We have been through several big thunder storms and have not had a problem with it . Lots of space to plug things in .
 This unit not only protects my A/V gear , but it is backed up in writing with a comprehensive warranty . If you do some research you will find that people who bought products they thought were reputable found that some outfit in Romania or some such place does not even respond to you requests . As a high school kid in the early 60 's working in gas stations and building sports cars I used Belkin Products , now in my early sixties I am using Belkin on my A/V and computer systems . And the peace of mind is always worth the extra money .
 This is a great product . It has very convenient plug holes to accomodate for a variety of configurations and geometries including chargers , coax cables , and plugs . It also has holes to easily hang it on a wall or shelf . Functionlally , is offers a lot of protection since it accomodates for 2655 Joules of energy . This provides more than sufficient protection for my electronic devices which consist of a computer , 2 printers , and one scanner . I would like to mentioned that I bought 2 of these protectors , since I have two computer equipments . I am very happy with this purchases .
 Hooking up a Home Theater involves many components . The Belkin SurgeMaster 9-oulets surge protector is really a blessing and allows a home theater owner to provide protection to often expensive components . Outlets are even provided for transformers .
 This is a good product and does exactly as said in its descriptionI have been using this for over 3 years now and has never given me troubleI have lot of confidence when I plug expensive electronics to this outlet . The sockets are spaced enough to allow for plugs with huge adapters .
 Belkin Components F9M923-08 9-Outlet Maximum SurgeMasterI bought this last year and it does a good job .9 outlets are a plus but the outlets are bit tight to use , I dont know why big players like Belkin do a poor job in standard sizes . -LRB- so 4 * -RRB- Poor manual does not show which are direct lines -LRB- gets power even if u turn off the switch -RRB- N/w port is a missing part but telephone lines are + -LRB- i do n't used telephone lines -RRB-
 Surge protector lived up to all my expectations . was easy to use and very neat .
 Not much to say for this other than I plugged in my TV , Laptop , shreader , cable modem , router , etc. and it works like a champ . Having a 2 year old that likes to mess around with stuff , it is nice to have the child covers on some of the outlets too . Finally , more than enough room for all the bigger adapters .
 this is a good surge protector at a good price , but the problem I have with the selle is , I emailed them & they said it was coming by reg mail , USPS , but it come by DHL , they could have sent me a tracking no , like I asked but they did not , so this seller custermer service is not very good at all !
 This is my first surge protector but I made sure that I purchased one with the right specifications such as joules . I have no problems and it does its jobs . It has indicator lights and many connections and plugs . This received overall good ratings so I purchased it and am satisfied .
 All great things to say about this product . Ca n't beat ratings and flexibility for the price .
 I ordered this item online where it shows the color is black . However , the one I received is white . I 'm a little unhappy since it does not match my other stuff . Other than that , everything is okay .
 I received this surge protector a few weeks ago . Plenty of connections . I like the fact that I can plug in the cable modem as well , for an added layer of protection from power surges . The plug sockets also have sliding covers so you can close off the ones that are not in use . They are good for keeping the dust out , but I would n't consider them a child safety measure , as they are very easy to slide back open.So far it does its job well .
 I have several of these units , and so far , they have served us very well . There has been a blackout and surges since I have owned them , and there has been no problem with any of the appliances attached , to date . Let 's hope things stay that way .
 Last night , my home was hit by a stray power surge . According to the electrician who came this morning , the surge was drawn to my 2 surge protectors . The first was this Belkin model -LRB- 5 years old -RRB- protecting my computer and equipment . The 2nd was a cheap protector from Ace protecting the TV and satellite receiver . Both protectors are , of course , now dead . And both successfully did their jobs so that all of my electronic equipment was saved.HOWEVER , there was an arc flash -LRB- I think that 's what the fire is called -RRB- at the Ace protector . It melted and twisted ; black soot covers the protector and the wood floor around it ; black stain is on the receiver plug prongs where it was plugged into the protector . And there was a terrible bang ! With the Belkin SurgeMaster -- NO PROBLEMS ! The electrician says that the cheaper protector could not handle the voltage . He praised the capacity of the Belkin SurgeMaster and said its quality prevented any further damage , saved my computer equipment , and also prevented another fireball . It did just what it was supposed to do.Needless to say , I 'm convinced . No flash or arc from the Belkin and no fear of a fire -LRB- which I never , never want to see again -RRB- . I 've ordered 2 more Belkin SurgeMasters of this exact model for both my computer and the TV setup . I 'll never be without them again . It was a very scary experience , especially the fireball , and all I have to do is make sure I 'm using a good Belkin protector so that I do n't have a repeat . I 'm positive that the Belkin is what saved my computer . Thank goodness for this excellent product !
 First , I got an amazing deal on this top rated surge protector . It 's one of the highest rated protectors out there and much more reasonable than the Monster brand and has much better numbers to boot . My only problem is that the cord is a little too long -LRB- 8 ' -RRB- for my setup but might be perfect for someone else . The cord is a little stiff and it makes it a little cumbersome behind my cabinet for my HDTV and other components . Small price to pay for a top of the line product .
 I bought 2 of these , and they work exactly as advertised -- One for my computer and it 's peripherals , and the other one for my wife 's computer and a TV.I had problems galore with cluttered `` power strips '' and an old , cheap-o surge protector that was too small.The Belkin `` SurgeMaster '' has fixed all that , with NINE sockets -LRB- each with a sliding dust cover -RRB- , phone-line protection , and cable protection , too !! A convenient ON-OFF switch -- and 2 indicator lights let you know when it 's turned on . The layout of the sockets is such that there is ample room for those odd-shaped transformers that come with routers , modems , and cordless phones.The Belkin handled all that stuff with ease , and the built-in wire organizer makes a tidy package of what was once a tangled mess !! The coaxial fittings let me protect the computer 's Cable Modem , and the 9 sockets give me plenty of room for the 3 mini-transformers and the other computer gear , too.Both of the surge protectors have been perfect for the uses that I put them to -- with no complaints of ANY kind !! Belkin has been a leader in the low-priced , standard-quality field for years , and the SurgeMaster is another great example !! Amazon 's low price and speedy delivery were extra bonuses !! UPDATE -- 10 February , 2011 -- 2 years later , and they 're still working perfectly -- through several electrical storms and power outages -- and nary a problem of any kind !! I consider the Belkin SurgeMaster a proven success and an excellent value.Thanks , Amazon !!
 I bought this Belkin power strip to use in my garage for radio and various tools that have the little adapter power supplies , and other tools . This was a replacement for an older , 10 or years that I have been using . Oh yes , the power strip I am using in my den for computers , printers , and related is the same brand , but it has space for 4 large plug ins . This has space only for 3 . the reason being that on the one just bought they have placed in the fourth position plugs for phone and network . I really liked the older , about 2 years model that has the phone plugs on the end edge , not in the position where a power plug should be .
 It 's a large , multi-outlet surge protector . I would have preferred a black color , but it only seems to come in white . Be aware that the protector is rather tall when placed on the floor - it may not fit under some furniture when you plug things into it .
 This product is a good price . Definitely much cheaper than I can purchase it for locally . Belkin always makes good products & this is no different .
 I 've bought a many power strips over the years , but this one is by far the best . I 've now bought three of them . The only problem I 've had is with a cat named Pippen , who manages to step on the on/off switch.I feel sure you will be more than pleased with this product . I am .
 who knew this little investment would make such a difference ? I learned the hard way . The average UPS has what , a few hundred joules protection against surges ? no wonder our file server kept getting hit , in spite of being hooked up to a ups . this little strip here , for less than 35 bucks , offers what , 2500 or so joules protection ? so I did an experiment . I put this strip into the so-called conditioned power outlet , then the UPS into this , then the server into the UPS . well , this server has not skipped a beat , while the other servers attached to just a ups have failed twice now . you do the math .
 I have n't had any problems with the surge protector . But , if Belkin were to do some product tweaks , I would ask for better hanging holes -LRB- on the back -RRB- and a new on/off switch . Several times I have accidentally flipped the on/off switch . Unfortunately , my DVR needs constant power for the guide to stay active - it was messed up for almost 12 hours .
 It works like it says it does . The three plugs that are spaced apart for larger adapters is great too ! The only thing that is slightly annoying is that when I ordered the picture was for a grey surge protector but I received a white one .
 I have the grey version and it seems to hide the dirt much better than the white ... . So far so good . I like the option to close the outlet when not in use and the 3 well-spaced outlets for adapters . Good thinking on their part .
 This is my second purchase of this particular Surgemaster . I do n't know much about these things and I hope they are doing their job . There was a lightning storm last night and so far so good .
 You ca n't go wrong with Belkin . Dependable and cost effective . Depending on how much $ you have invested in your computer system or home theater system , dictates as to how much you want to spend to protect it .
 Its well designed well made . Hopefully I will not need to use the surge protector .
 What I like best about this product is that it was easy to set up and there are lots of outlets ! Plus , the outlets are placed in a way that make room for large plugs . Because of the design , I was able to plug in more things . The price was right too .
 Great surge suppressor equal to or better than monster products and far less cost . Highly recommended , even has covers built in for unused outlet ... re
 So far I am happy with this product . Installation is simple and the design of the outlets are well planned . I am thinking of going for one more item for my computer system .
 The Bekin Surge protector works great . It is white , which is different from the one pictured , but I like the white color better . The one I had before was rounded on the top but this one is flat , so the printer converter plugs in and stays put -LRB- instead of falling out -RRB- .
 As soon as I bought this from Amazon , the price went up from $ 21 to $ 37 . I was going to buy another one , but the price is too high . Overall , this is a great product it has everything you need.However , I would n't buy it at the current price , I 'm waiting for the price to go down before I buy another one .
 I bought this about a year ago from Amazon mostly for the fact that it has 9 outlets . My old surge protector only had 6 and I needed more plugs -LRB- Monitor , PC , Speakers , Modem , Router , Printer , wireless mouse -RRB- . My question would be about the coaxial connectors on the surge protector . I read one review where someone suggested to use them for your TV , but I have cable internet as well and I was wondering if anybody else that has cable internet had their coax running through this surge protector before it goes to their modem , and if they experience any problems with their connectivity from doing so . I had to have Comcast run a dedicated line directly from my modem to the box outside to solve a connectivity issue , so I was wondering if using the coax connectors on this surge protector would inhibit my connection.other than that one question I love this surge protector , Belkin makes quality products . The angled power plug is nifty too .
 Product arrived in a timely manner , well packed , with adequate instructions for use . When used , the product has performed as specified .
 Plenty of room for every plug . Has all the extra features and is a great investment .
 Trust me , works !!!! I ordered two more , now I own a combined total of five !!!!
 Reseanable construction , but could be more compact . The antenna and phone protection options are a waste of space .
 This was very usefull one for my hometheather . I would recommend this work if anybody is looking out for Surge Protector.Thanks , Nagaraj
 I have never gotten a bad product from Belkin , this as all others I have bought works as expected , It is well thought out and engineered . I hav ` nt been hit by lightening yet , but if I do I know it will be there for me .
 And the best price on the market.I had almost given up on my TV after replacing/upgrading all my cables I still had a lot of interference and less than ideal picture . The only thing remaining to replace was a Proxima surge suppresor . I was amazed after I hooked up this Belkin Maximum unit.Not only did it completely fix the problem with the DSS/DVD/VCR signal , it also eliminated the contstant `` hum '' from my amplifier , and the audio is much sharper and cleaner . With EMI/RFI noise suppression up to 70db , I/O for coax cable/Satellite and phone line with 9 plugs , 3 spaced to accomodate brick type AC adapters , this SurgeMaster unit is an essential piece of gear for Home Theater setups with up to 36 '' TVs . Belkin even provides 6 ' phone and heavy duty coax patch cables to complete the job.Forget Monster , there is no way their surge protectors outperform Belkin 's product line at double and triple the price . Buy this unit before you even consider upgrading your equipment/cables . I wish I had , but I now have a nice collection of cables laying on my living room floor to remind me that sometimes the best solution is the simplest . BTW , I paid $ 40 for this unit at a local retailer . $ 20 is a steal .
 The Belkin SurgeMaster is great for the price . The price much better than what you will find at the store.KEY ITEMS I discovered in searching for a new surge protector : *** Faster response time is more critical than number of joules . *** All you want is for your unit to be disconnected from the harmful surge.Therefore do n't waste your money in over-extending your coverage of Joules . The Belkin SurgeMaster will provide adequate coverage with similar technology.Now ... as an alternative ... I have owned the Power Sentry 's Power Blocker II -LRB- asin b0006hvigc -RRB- for a year and it has a faster response time . I am using that for my entertainment center which has more sensitive and large dollar equipment which I need to protect -LRB- do n't waste your money on Monster products -RRB- . What follows is info I received from Power Sentry ... which is owned by Fiskars : The amount of transient -LRB- lightning -RRB- joules the Power Blocker II can absorb is about 900 joules . This number does not take into account the amount of joules that the Power Blocker II -LRB- PB2 -RRB- switch is eliminating . The response time of the MOV components -LRB- the 900 joules part -RRB- is < 1 nanosecond . The response time of the PB2 switch is about 2 milliseconds . The way the Power Blocker II works is that the MOVs will clamp first and if the surge is of long duration , > 2 milliseconds , the PB2 switch will open and disconnect all possible electrical output paths . The way other surge protectors work is that the MOVs will clamp , and if the surge is of long duration , the MOVs will heat up and burnout a thermal sensitive fuse placed beside the MOVs . The heating and burnout time of the fuse is > 2 seconds , typically about 10-30 seconds.Other surge protectors attempt to absorb all of the surge energy entering the protector even though it may be excessive and cause MOV degradation . The Power Blocker II detects when surge energy reaches a damaging level and disconnects all MOVs and equipment connections , thus interrupting the surge . Therefore its MOVs are much less likely to suffer degradation or `` wear out '' . Because of this rapid disconnecting feature , which blocks any further surge energy , in effect the joules of energy attempting to enter the unit and equipment are unlimited because everything has been disconnected.The MOVs are not degraded when the unit trips as described . Therefore the Power Blocker II should operate much longer than conventional surge protectors and will survive power company mistakes and wiring faults when others surge protectors will nearly always be destroyed . So far we have not received any Power Blocker II returns with a MOV failure .
 Lightening struck a pole near my house last week . My wireless router , NIC card , and cable modem were fried . Had I bought this before hand , I would have saved $ 80 and a week of frustration . I chose this surge protector because of the coax protection . What is the use of putting your equipment on a surge protector if the zap can come right though the cable line . I also bought a couple with out the coax protection for the other equipment in the house -LRB- telephone , Fax , radio , etc. . . -RRB- and I plan on getting another to protect my TV .
 I 've been very happy with this surge protector . One thing you should know though is it comes in white not black as shown . The two different sizes of outlets are very handy as you can use the smaller for regular plugs and the larger for items with larger connectors - and each can be closed if not in use.This is a great price ! I happened to see the exact same model at a national home improvement store for approx . $ 10 more .
 The Belkin SurgeMaster was a replacement for an APC surge protector that had seen better days . I was a little apprehensive at switching brands , but the price and the other reviews on Amazon convinced me to give it a go . I 'm happy with both the look and the performance of this surge protector . Most notably , the outlets grasp the plugs securely -LRB- it takes a bit of effort to plug and unplug -RRB- and have safety sliders -LRB- which are essential for me , as my 2 yr old likes to `` investigate '' in areas where he is not allowed -RRB- . The unit 's own power plug has its cord angled to the side which makes it easier to plug in behind furniture . The wide-spaced outlets are ideal for those clunky , boxy plugs . I 've been using this for about a month now and am very happy with the purchase .
 I was very pleased with this protector ; I ordered two ! It is compact , has ample receptacles -LRB- 9 -RRB- , plus a connection for cable or satellite feed and a phone input with two output connections . Also included is a 6 ft. telephone cord and a 6 ft.gold coaxial cable.Belkin warrants connected equipment for $ 250,000 for the life of the protector . You ca n't go wrong with this one ; great price and quality product .
 Needless to say this surge protector is far better than I have seen so far , Belkin a good name and I love how you can plug big item cords in the outlets with enough space to add more ! Great fantastic
 It 's a great product . It was n't expensive and got to me on time . I 'm very happy with it .
 What can I say ? It 's a power strip with some electrical surge protection . We bought a couple to provide some protection for new flat screens . No way to know if it has ` suppressed ' any surges but it provides the convenience of multiple outlets anyway . Seems sturdy not flimsy , looks good and , as always , it 's much better to have it and not need it than the other way around . Enjoy .
 I 'm living in the dorms at my college so I needed a surge protector and I came upon this . I did n't need that many outlets so this was great for me . This has been working really well so far and I have no problems with it .
 October 25 , 2008A surge protector is an item that many consumers do not spend a lot of time researching . This product is highly recommended based on a competive price and a solid company , Belkin , behind it.Jay Adler , Music Critic
 I bought this to plug in a laptop , psp and a lamp . It works fine , feels solid . The cord is thick too . I recommend it .
 I am very pleased with the Belkin SurgeMaster 6-Outlet Surge Protector . It is less bulky than others I 've seen and the 6 outlets are just right for my computer and peripheral needs .
 Does what its supposed to do with no problems . Nothing more I can ask for .
 If you just want a basic surge protector , this is a good one for the price .
 You cant beat the price ! it does what its made to do . I love Belkin products . I took free super saver shipping and it arrived much before the estimated arrival date . Have been using it for last 3 months , I have my cable modem , TV and desktop connected to it and it 's been great
 How do you review a surge protector ? It either works or it does n't . This one seems to work just fine .
 I only gave this product a 4 because , even though it does the job , it tips over on its side a lot when any of the plugin lines are moved . perhaps a flat design rather than the curves would be better . Good price though and like I said it works fine .
 This surge protector from Belkin does an excellent job of protecting your electronic equipment from any damage or problems should there be a power surge . I have used this product for years now without any complaints.The surge protector benefits from a simplistic design ; for people like myself this is certainly sufficient to protect my computer and printer . There are six power outlets that also , of course , allow you to protect and plug in six things all at once . Just plug in the surge protector into an electrical outlet and there you are ! Everything should be fine.The cord does extend four feet and that 's an added plus . You do get a warranty with this mechanism , too.Obviously , I would never use this to light up a fish tank or place it near anything liquid . That could clearly start a fire.Overall , I have had no problems with this Belkin surge suppressor . I highly recommend this product .
 I love Belkin and their surge protectors are top quality . I specifically look for their brand and I am always very impressed . The SurgeMaster 7 Outlet / 1045 Joules / 6 ' Cord Home Series model has been especially good to me over the last 3 years and I would highly recommend it .
 As usual , Belkin makes a wonderful surge protector , however , be aware that the on/off switch for this particular model is not the classic `` lighted '' type . I prefer the switch that has the yellow/orange glowing light quality - that way , I know when it is on .
 As a power strip/surge protector , this item works pretty well . However , I do not give it 5 stars because the on/off switch shuts the strip off way too easily . Several times in the first 2 weeks I 've used it it has shut off either because a plug with a large transformer touched it or I accidentally brushed it with my foot . This is very annoying when you 're working on the computer and everything shuts off . If you put it in a place out of the way where nothing will touch it , I 'm sure it would be OK .
 This is an excellent and very affordable surge protector . The components including the switch are well made . I trust this product to protect my electronics and I operate a business and worked formerly as an IT Director . You will not be disappointed for what you get for your investment .
 The product works exactly as you would expect . My only critism is that it tips over pretty easily . Also , be sure that what you want to plug into it has small plugs and not the big `` boxes '' at the end , because you 'll end up with only 3 useable slots if they are all `` boxes . ''
 For the price , you can not beat these surge protectors . Belkin is a solid company with a good reputation . If you do not need all the fancy colors or designs , then this one will work great for you . It only has a 4 foot cord , but if you do not need a long one , then this one will suit you fine .
 If you have alot of electronics and computer equipment , this is the product to buy . It offers you 10 outlets for even the hard to place bulky plugs that usually takes up at least 2-3 outlets near it . The surgemaster itself is pretty big to start out with , but it 's well designed . I brought one of these to test it out , and liked it so much I ended up replacing all of my old surgemasters with this new product .
 We live in a developing country where the power goes out at least 3 times each week . When our generator kicks in , we no longer run to check our appliances and electrical equipment . This surge protector does its job . The swivel plug and space for larger plugs common on todays appliances is also very user friendly . We bought 5 , and have recommended them to others . If they work here , they 'll work anywhere .
 I have several of these units , and so far , they have served us very well . There has been a blackout and surges since I have owned these units , and there has been no problem with any of the appliances attached , to date . Let 's hope things stay that way .
 It 's a great surge protector . Good number of outlets , well-spaced so everything fits .
 I have been using these surge protectors for the past handful of years , and they are still working great . I have not had any issues whatsoever , and I have really beat these things up with all the moves over the year . I would definitely recommend Belkin products .
 I 've been trusting Belkin with my electronic doodads for quite some time now , and they 've never let me down . At least two different times I 've had a SurgeMaster take a hit , and none of my devices got fried.The two `` Always On '' plugs have been extremely useful , and I have yet to find another surge protector that offers that feature . There 's not a lot of wasted space on the unit itself , and the adjustible plug is helpful . All around , this is my favorite surge protector !
 This is a well designed surge protector . A useful product feature that is n't listed in the details is that 2 of the outlets are unswitched , so you can turn the power off but still have those two outlets with power which is great for saving electricity . So far I have n't had any surges to test it - but hopefully that wo n't be necessary !
 A stripped power line caused a crazy surge which ruined the surge protector -LRB- black residue everywhere ! -RRB- but saved my Imac and a whole deskful of other items from any damage at all . Great product !
 Works great and was a great price . Have n't had a surge yet but will update it if I do .
 I have a computer that demands full power at all times and with my old 1566 joule surge protector , it could ` nt keep up . This surge protector gives my computer more than enough power and will support it for a long time . 3540 joules is great for a new high end computer which demands a lot of power to run smoothly . It is definatly worth the 45 bucks !
 Transaction went well , shipping was on time . Wish the cable was black not blue , but that is fine . Would like more info about cables on the site . The prices are all over the map and I cant be sure if I am getting more if I pay more . Overall , v. good .
 I purchased this used on Ebay for $ 172.00 . It works great . I absolutely love it . It does n't load all titles but it has a plug for a keyboard so you may type them in . I purchased a keyboard for $ 10 just for the dvd and it works great . I 've researched a lot before I bought this . I guess it 's been discontinued . I do n't care ... I love it .
 I have had a number of scanners , but none begin to compare with the Microtek ScanMaker 9800XL . To begin with , it has a 12x17 '' scanning area , and with the Transparent Media Adapter , it allows both reflective and transparent scanning . The software is amazingly simple . It is just the best scanner that I have owned .
 The Microtek ScanMaker 9800XL Scanner fast , easy to use , and quiet . I use it with a MacPro and VueScan software -LRB- -LSB- ... -RSB- -RRB- . I also bought the Transparent Media Adapter.I 've scanned 4X5 transparencies and large flat art posters -LRB- in sections -RRB- and everything matched up perfectly.Plug and play ... it was done.I owned a SCSI Microtek ScanMaker III prior but the cost of a SCSI card for the new Macs and the lac resolution and speed I had to upgrade . I 'm glad I did .
 The scanner hardware has been excellent and functions as advertised . The acompaning software is another story , if not for Adobe Photoshop being included I may well still trying to figure out the software . Most of which I still have not used - everything is done with Photoshop .
 Microtek is a great company with a great product ! I recommend this scanner for the professionals who need a larger scanner without the larger price .
 I just love it!This is the best way to get a fine SACD player if you ca n't spend too much.And this ai n't no cheap sound you get from it.The disc tray is unique . It 's not common to get a 5 disc tray where you can put cd , sacd and DVD.You can play DTS-CD and DVD Audio , try them ...
 I looked all around Amazon for a reasonably priced surge protector and ended up ordering two of these -LRB- ~ $ 18 each -RRB- . It 's self-evident from the pictures about the number and spacing of the plugs . I use it for my computer setup , which like a lot of computers , have a whole lot of plugs to accomadate -LRB- BTW plugs are easy to insert -RRB- . There are indicator lights for `` protected '' and `` grounded '' . Belkin also offers a $ 150k warranty with this model , though I 'm curious how well it 's honored . The true test of this surge protector is during a fault event , but of course , you do n't wish for those to happen . I have lots of other sensitive electronic equipment connected to all different types of surge protectors , and generally have not had problems . I 'm not sure if you are buying much better practical protection for average home electronics when you are spending $ 50-100 on a surgeprotector.EDIT
 Forget all those so-called surge protectors you get for less than $ 10.00 . After buying this one , the others are just a waste of money.I had a problem with my Tivo unit having a loss of signal on certain channels . Since I installed the Belkin SurgeMaster , the problem no longer exists . Plus , the picture on the televison is better.Ive know purchased additional ones and have my computer on it . Very pleased . I do n't want to use any other type .
 I got this surge protector because I needed a very long cord . I like that it gives you room for 2 big power adapters . I also like that you can slide the outlet covers so that you can cover the unused outlets.Amazon said this unit might not ship immediately but I received it the next day . Local stores charge $ 15 more for this unit so this is a great deal .
 I had another more expensive surge protector from Belkin for over 10 years . I got this one for my Fish Tank / Aquarium set up . I have the filter , the light , and the water heater -LRB- Tropical fish -RRB- plugged in , and I have a stereo system . No surge yet ... I would recommend this product to everyone .
 I used this camera without fail for over 5 years . I 've never had any problems with it , and is still going strong . Durable design , takes great pictures !
 Great camera ! I have never experienced any problems with this camera and is very durable , reliable , and user-friendly . The picture quality and functionality of the camera is awesome .
 I have several of these installed at home . They screw into your wall outlet . Easy to install , secure and easy to use . The lights show you it 's working without unduly lighting up the room . The $ 250K damage warranty give me confidence that the product really does protect my home electronics .
 In so far as I know , this device works as advertized . It comes with all connections . However you must apparently mount it on top of the receptical face plate instead of flat against the wall by replacing the face plate . Kinda wiggley .
 I purchased this product some time ago and just recently set it up . The cameras are solid quality ... for the price , and the image provides me with all the clarity I was hoping for . The receiver works with an acceptable range and I 'm pleased with the mobility of the product.Good Buy , great value
 We have had this camera for a month or so now , and it does what it says , it is a really good camera to have for inside survalance , or on your porch . The day vision is really good and clear and you can see pretty far away , however the night vision is limited . Although it works but a very short distance . I recommend this for just around the house .
 While they 're not the best camera on the market , they do work well in good light . The integral video-switcher is handy , allowing you to stop -LRB- and stay -RRB- on just one camera - or - allow it to sequence through all 4 channels , assuming you have four cameras . As I said , for the dollar spent I feel the quality is more than acceptable and they 're a breeze to setup and get running . If you 're looking for fast-n-easy , this will do the trick . Note
 This camera duo is absolutely fantastic . It is completely user friendly with wonderful picture quality ... and the night vision is exceptional .
 I connected this to a 13-inch TV I have in my office . I put the camera outside to watch when my 9-year old plays in the pool area . The camera is about 40-feet away and the signal has to go through 5 walls . The picture jumps a little once in a while but it works well enough that I can see my son clearly . The other camera is watching the front door and it works fine , especially at night . We used it to watch the trick or treaters when they came up the walk . For the money this was a good solution for me to keep an eye on my family . I recommend it to anyone looking for an extra way to keep watch on their kids .
 Good value for the price . If you have wirless internet were you plan to install the cameras you may experience interference as I did.My Client I installed this for was pleased . -LRB- We had minor interference from wireless internet -RRB-
 I have this digital photo frame for about two months . It is easy to use and all our friends ask were we got it . Pictures of all the grandchildren an the family with misic to boot . Recomend it to anyone .
 I bought one of these about 8 months ago and love it . We always have a problem deciding what to buy our grown up children for Christmas so they and the in-laws all got the same thing this year . Also bought 2GB SD cards for each one and have loded them with pictures that we are sure they will like .
 I was looking for a portable photo album for my wife , to show off pictures of our new granddaughter . The keychain models are just too small to view the pictures decently , and anything bigger does n't fit well in her purse . The ability of the photo album to hold hundreds of photos is great for her . I also like the leather case that holds the photo album . It is soft and protects the album extremely well .
 This frame is very nice , the pictures are perfect quality and the frame is elegant looking . The one thing that I was n't aware of is that it does n't have it 's own memory you must use a memory card for both the pics and the MP3 . But ultimately this is great .
 We bought two of these for our parents for Christmas , and they are loving them . The menu system seems a bit archaic , but once you figure it out , it is quite easy to get working , and the pictures look great .
 I purchased this item for my 83 year old Grandmother . She is not computer literate , so when my Mother gets emailed pics of any of the Grandchildren or Great-Grandchildren , it is difficult for her to see them unless they get printed . She misses so many wonderful photos . With the additional purchase of a 1GB memory card she can have a great deal of photos to view all at once !! The ease of use and the quality of the digital display is amazing ! I have it all set up for her , all she has to do is turn it on and the slideshow will begin . As those photos age , or new ones come in , my Mom can transfer them right to the memory stick and no more 81/2 x 11 photo papers laying around the house ! The price was unbeatable ! I looked for a great deal of time before finding this quaility at this price !! Well worth it !
 This digital frame has lots of options , such as -LRB- a -RRB- a replaceable wood frame , -LRB- b -RRB- musical capabilities -LRB- c -RRB- 7 '' frame . For all this , the price is definitely worth it . However , the only thing that 's missing is the ability to play music and pictures at the same time . When the music plays , just the menu shows , but not any picture images .
 This frame exceeded my expectations . I had purchased two prior and returned them for poor quality and too small of picture - and I was apprehensive about purchasing one online - but this one is great . Good picture and the frames are very nice . Price was good too .
 This frame took me about 5 minutes to set up . I love it . No problems - has been running non-stop for a month . I do n't have the sound going . Nice item !
 very user-friendly to set up . great sound quality and picture resolution . nice quality frames . only wish they include the remote battery.very happy with this product .
 I am very please with the Coby DP102 . This product has many options to display your photos , videos and play your songs . Easy set up . It allows you to take the memory card right from your camera and transfer the images to another type of mediain the frame , love that option . You do n't need the pc -LRB- you still have that option of course -RRB- . It has great graphic display of images.Even improves some of my bad photos.Sound quality is nice . Good volume , clear , not tinnie.Only problems I have had are the remote is slow to communicate with the frame and difficulty changing the frame ring -LRB- color-black or white -RRB- . Easy to clean . Very please with the pricing and quality.Would recommend and/or re-purchase .
 I 've purchased Coby products prior to now and have always been pleased with the performance . I needed to hack this particular one into a project . I looked at every one I could find . Only the Coby 5.6 inch unit ; was a size I needed , at a price I did n't mind , used a media -LRB- SD Card -RRB- that I support and played AVI 's . Everything works right out of the box so I 'm not certain about support , that 's a good thing though.Longevity ? I 'm not sure about that . Usually the units I buy do n't get used a great deal , just when I need them to work.In a world of inflated claims of features , Coby 5.6 does what they claim it will and that 's got to be worth something .
 Works great - the two frame choices look nice . Viewing area is small , but 5.6 '' is n't very big . Love the fact that the space is limited only by your media card size . Easy to set up and use .
 This frame is exactly what I 've been looking for ! Came on time in excellent shape . Thank you !
 This photo frame is amazing , you can have most of all the popular media storage cards in the market and and your videos combines with photos and even listen to bacgroung music . I placed a 4 CB MS card in it with most of the pictures i 've taken over the years and it has become one of the main attractions in my home , since everyone looks at it to see our picures.I bougth this originally for my wife to use in her office , but she liked it so much that we decided to leave it here at home and buy a smaller one for her desk.Pictures look great and with excellent resolution and brightness.Higly recomended if you take digital pictures , because you will be able to see them in a screen that 's bigger than any regular paper print , and you do n't have to worry about programming or anything , since it prepares and sets up the slide shows by itself.It has a remote control too , and you can hook it up to another devices to receve imput and send outputs also.Great purchase all over , and cost less than other brands and so much more than them.It has two color plates -LRB- Black and white -RRB- to blend with your decor.Highly recomended
 I was very pleased with the product for the price I paid . It was easy to use and the picture quality was good for my use . Granted , I 'm sure there are better products with better quality , but if you are looking for something affordable this is a great buy .
 Very happy with product . Picture is excellent , does n't stretch or distore my JPEG pictures . Setup was easy and options are good . I havent used the vidio or music but mainly purchased the product for displaying pictures .
 I 'm very happy with this product for viewing pictures . The screen is large and looks great . The menu system is easy to navigate.I had some trouble viewing . AVI files taken with my digital camera - They have some horizontal lines through them . I did not try to troubleshoot this at all - I may be using an incorrect video type or something simple . However , I did n't plan to use this item for viewing videos , so I do n't mind this problem .
 This is a super photo album , what more can I say ! We have two of them and they go with us everywhere .
 Ca n't beat this picture frame size and pic in this price range . I picked up 3 as gifts for the holidays and everyone likes it .
 Great device for the price ! Very flexible format that accepts a variety of media ! Good quality video and audio . Great little device for Digital Siganage applications !
 Loved this product and in fact have bought another one since . The size is better than most and the fact that I can use either a black or white border is the best . It was easy to set up and have had multiple comments on the product and many wondering how to get their own !
 This was a gift for my mom , and I put over 300 pictures on it for her and she loves it . This is with a 1GB memory card though . It has an MP3 feature on it that we have not figured out yet . She is happy with just the pics for now though . The price was unbeatable and I shopped around .
 Great frame , comes with sound availability with the right memory card -LRB- not included -RRB- . Made great Christmas gift . AAAAA +
 I bought several of the 10-inch DP-102 as presents and am presently surprised . The LCD is very bright and sharp and the colors are very vivid , a rarity among digital photo frames -LRB- I have a 15 '' Westinghouse which is double the price but this beats it in picture quality -RRB- . PROS
 We bought this product for our family and they loved it ! We tried it at home and it was easy to work with ... we recommend purchasing a memory stick so the user can load music and pictures on it to view .
 I do n't know what the other complaints about this item not working well as a music player were about , it worked just fine for me even though I mainly purchased it as a digital picture frame ... The music aspect is just a `` bonus '' ... It was easy to work with and load with photos and music ... My only negative comment and the reason I only gave it four stars is that I wish it worked on a simple `` plug in '' electrical socket as opposed to needing to use a USB computer port ... It 's a small problem that is easily overlooked with all the positives about it ...
 I bought this for my husband for our anniversary . He has been looking at these frames for months . I was worried at first that it would not be good because of the price , however it is a nice frame . The picture is clear and you are able to add a lot of pictures if you get something such as an SD disk . He likes that it plays musid too . Get a 2 GB memory card and your set with pictures , videos , and music . I would buy this item again .
 The Coby DP-887 is a very good picture frame for the price . The picture is clear , and there are plenty of options for picture transition and display . I looked at many picture frames and the Coby was the best deal I could find . Both frames that were included were very nice and did not hint of cheapness . The display is bright and has clear vivid colors in 800x600 . Boot up is quick , and the slide show starts automatically after a 10 second countdown.It is unfortunate that the picture frame does not come with built-in memory , but 1 gig SD cards can be had for $ 7 or less these days , so I was n't that concerned . I also do n't like that many of the features can only be accessed via the tiny remote control . The picture frame was a gift for my grandmother , and she loves it , but she struggles with the tiny remote . These reasons are why I did n't give the frame 5 stars . Other than that , I love the frame and so does my grandmother .
 I just received it and it works perfectly out of the box.I bought this photo frame as a present for my 77 years old mother and she does n't have high quality feature expectations I will just put the old scanned family pictures on a memory card and run the slide show.She does n't need the mp3 and video playing capability but - instead of these features - the ON/OFF timer would be nice.It will be too bright in the bed room at night but a power outlet timer will solve this problem because after `` Power Off '' it resumes to the slide show.One more thing : It is the 10 inch widescreen version so you have to crop your pictures if you want the picture to fill the full screen but for me it is not a problem I prefer wide screen over 4:3 . My conclusion : It is a great product for the price .
 I like the large size for the money . Good features regarding being able to play music in the background . Easy to load pictures onto memory card with proper USB cable . I did have trouble placing my pictures in the order that I wanted them to play , even after renaming them numerically . Otherwise I have been very happy with the product . I bought a 1GB card , but after only putting 70 pictures and 3 songs on the card , I still had 930kb left !
 I searched a lot before buying this product . For some time , I really became an expert on the resolutions , dimensions , etc. . Unfortunately , there was only 1 review when I bought it . Hopefully , this will help some one having hard time to decide : -RRB- Anyway , this product is much more better than I expected . I did n't have any problem with the resolution . The LCD is huge . Its mp3 player is again much more better than I expected . I am really surprised with the level of sound it can give . Easy to upload pictures . Looks good quality with the black frame.The only disadvantages may be - wide LCD , to have your pictures fit the frame you need to resize them to 860x480 which is really wide , you can look compressed being shorter and fat . But the solution is easy to crop your pictures if possible rather than resizing them - the back support can not be adjusted . It only has one level as much as I can discover so you can not set the angle as you want.In overall it is a good deal .
 The images on this product are really terrific , and I did not have to manipulate the photos in any way . It even supported photos loaded onto an old 32MB USB thumbdrive . I selected this Colby model since it was 800x600 resolution , which is double the lower priced photo frame models . The only thing keeping me from giving this product a 5 star rating was that I loaded up one music file , and the speaker every now and then gave a very loud crackling sound . I have not put any videos on the frame yet .
 This product was a good value for the price paid . Does everything advertised and , comes with two different `` frame '' choices .
 The frame is nice and works like it should . Like the ability to change frame colors .
 I received this Colby Photo Frame for Christmas and I 'm amazed by its capabilities . It holds all the pix from our last vacation in Europe , so I can reminisce at will . I have n't attached music to it because it is n't necessary , but probably will in the near future and I 'm sure that will be trouble-free as well .
 This digital photo frame is easy to use and to set up . The only thing I do n't like is that you ca n't zoom a picture to the full width of the screen during the slide show . Otherwise , it does a great job . You can zoom and flip pictures when not in the slide show mode .
 Very nice quality picture . Easy remote control . However , had problems with the USB interface that I could never resolve . Fortunately I can load photos on memory cards with my computer .
 the product i order was great and easy to use.they were gifts and the person i gave it to love it .
 I am very satisfied with the COBY DP-768 . It is a basic photo frame that provides all that I require . The set-up is not terribly intuitive , but not too bad . I did find that I had to experiment quite a bit in order to get my photos to properly fill the 16:9 frame . I ended up cropping my jpeg photos to 700 x 460 pixels -LRB- that is 8.75 '' x 5.75 '' at 80 pixels/inch -RRB- . I set the frame to 16:9 format , and then set the image to `` origial '' size . This worked for me , but I do n't fully understand why these dimensions do n't equate to a 16:9 display proportion . I also do n't understand why photos cropped to match the instruction manual display resolution of 480 x 234 pixels did not work well for me . At those setting , the image did not come close to filling the screen . I feel that the instruction manual was lacking in describing the process required to properly crop photos to an acceptable format . My camera only takes images in 4:3 format , so some tinkering was required .
 I 'm like most people with a digital camera . I take a bazillion pictures , develop 10 % onto paper , and then banish the other 90 % to computer storage archives . I mean , I 'd love to display a lot more of those pictures from my computer , but who has the wall space or time to organize all of those prints ? That 's why I decided to get a digital picture frame . I had been looking for quite some time , but was always turned off by the small-ish LCD sizes or poor resolutions . Then I came across this Coby 10 '' widescreen unit , with the 800x480 pixel display ! There were no reviews on Amazon -LRB- at the time -RRB- , but spec-wise it had what I wanted ; a larger display and higher resolution.I took the chance and ordered one and am I glad I did ! The display is huge , and the pictures look crisp . Colors are pretty accurate when compared to that of my calibrated LCD computer monitor . The interchangeable frames -LRB- it comes with a black one as well as the white one -RRB- make it easy to match with your d&eacute;cor . The litte remote is easy to use , but easy to lose as well , so make sure you place it somewhere easy to find . The built-in MP3 player is a nice touch . The speakers are n't that great -LRB- it is a picture frame after all -RRB- , but it 's nice to have the frame play music while in slideshow mode . There is a variety of transition effects to choose from . I have n't tried playing videos on it , so I ca n't comment on that feature.That being said , there are a few things that prevent me from giving this 5 stars .1 . The adjustable stand is made of cheap feeling plastic . I 've seen other frames that have much nicer backs . Yes , I know it 's the front you are looking at , but the stand should be sturdier , in my opinion .2 . The angle of the stand , while adjustable , is simply held in place by friction . It actually has one setting that it can click into , but then it is angled too much to view at a normal position .3 . There seems to be a software bug that causes the display to act weird in slideshow mode . Well , to be more precise , if you are in slideshow mode and you choose either the Fade , Mask , or Cross Comb transition effects , then the very top horizontal pixel line starts to show black sections . It looks like dead pixels , but once you exit the slideshow -LRB- or use other effects other than then ones I listed -RRB- everything is fine . I have recreated this problem , but I do n't know if it 's just my frame or all of these . No biggie . I now use no transition effects it is perfect .4 . This is not really a complaint about the product but more about Coby 's specs . On their website they state the LCD is 800x480 . Great ! So I ordered the frame and then resized a whole bunch of pictures to that resolution . However , when I got the frame and started using it , I noticed that all of my pictures had black -LRB- blank -RRB- bars on both the left and right sides of the picture . It turns out that the resolution is actually 860x480 -LRB- which I found out after some trial-and-error -RRB- . It would have been nice to know this ahead of time to save me from having to re-resize my pictures . Plus , sizing pictures to 860x480 is a really weird ratio ... kinda like getting 4x7 prints.I ordered this from Total Electronics -LRB- one of the Amazon vendors -RRB- and it arrived quickly . When I reported the `` dead pixel '' problem -LRB- which turned out to be a software bug , not a defect , so to speak -RRB- , they responded to my email quickly and offered to take it back no questions asked . Now that 's customer service!Overall , I am very pleased with this product . In reality , it rates 4.5 stars . I 'm the type of person that agonizes over something before finally buying it . With this purchase , that was totally unncessary !
 This is a great digital photo frame . I purchased it as a gift for my family . The ease of use is fantastic . The picture quality is excellent and the choice of a wood frame or black frame is a nice option . It looks much more like an actual photo frame compared to so many other models on the market . It is PC and Mac compatible which is a plus . I bought it primarily for viewing photos , not playing MP3s or videos . So , I ca n't critique the music or video output . The only `` con '' I would give it is it does n't have its own hard drive to store photos . You must use your memory card at all times . That 's not really a problem for me , but someone may prefer built in memory . Based on the picture quality and ease of use , I would definitely recommend this as a great purchase !
 Everything about this Digital Photo frame is great , looks neat , audio is good , picture quality is nice . * Two things missing are battery and power off switch on remote .
 This is an excellent picture frame . Virtually no set up , just put a memory card in and turn it on . I put a 4 gig card that I scanned a lot of old pictures plus added new digital pictures for my 85 year old mother and she loves it . There is no lag between pictures and it just keeps looping .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . I loaded the pictures on a memory stick and everything was great right out of the box . The colors are vibrant even off of scanned photos . Well worth the price .
 I was really excited to get my mother a digital photo frame for xmas '08 and I researched for a couple days before purchasing this Coby digital photo frame-Expecting it to be a great gift idea for her to have on her desk at school -LRB- she is a elementary school teacher -RRB- to display pictures of family ~ her granchildren -LRB- my kids -RRB- - which she would n't have to have a desk cluttered with a bunch of photos in frames-I had opened it , uploaded around 80 pictures onto a small memory stick -LRB- which is not included but I really like that it has a memory card port AND memory stick port -RRB- but even though she liked it ... explained that it would be too distracting to the children in her classes ... So instead of trying to figure out how to return it , and since I had already picked out 80 pictures and programmed the transitions and all - I had grown to like it and kept for myself - and I think it 's great!It has wallmounts -LRB- or it can be displayed on a flat surface like a photo frame -RRB- so I put it up on my wall in my bedroom and since it plugs into an outlet - has been displaying pictures non stop for almost a month now ... With all the research I did , I think it has the perfect display screen size - the quality of the pictures displayed is n't `` perfect '' but is n't fuzzy or distorted - It has a simple menu to program different transitions , and/or which pictures you want displayed ect.So although it was intended to be a gift to be enjoyed by someone else-I ended up being the one who enjoys it!I would definitly recommend it to a friend !
 The Coby digital picture frame was easy to set up . Just pop your picture card or USB drive into it and hit slide show . The only complaint I would have is the buttons on the back are hard to see what they are . Otherwise works fine .
 i like this product because you can store many pictures . and you you do n't need to go out and print pictures , , saving my time and money ! : -RSB-
 This frame works well , auto-adjusting aspect ratio with solid image quality . The best of the budget digital picture frames I 've seen .
 Seved the purpose for which it was needed . Using a stick or card makes using it quite easy . Satisfied with purchase . Bought another after using this one in a larger size because we were so satisfied with this one .
 The frame is good overall , but the menu is far from intuitive . Lots of holding a button for several seconds to access various menus . Other than that , it works fine .
 This frame is excellent value for money , even with the extra postage to ship to Australia ! Nice clear display and love the changeable faceplate .
 If you are looking to buy this item and are confused if it is 4:3 or 16:9 , you must realize that Amazon puts the reviews for all the different sized frames TOGETHER . Some are 16:9 , and some are 4:3 . You need to look at the screen resolution and figure it out yourself.For me , the product was a gift for someone else , and they seem to love it . I 'll probably come back and comment better on it 's behavior after they have used it for a while and I 've had a chance to check it out myself .
 I found the unit to be easy to setup and use . It would have been nice to include some instructions on how to achieve the best picture quality . I initially found that large picture files were slow to load and appeared grainy , but after experimenting I 'm very satisfied with the results.First , I used PaintShop Pro to open the photos right in the internal memory . Depending on the photo content I would either reduce the photo overall , or cropped the subject are to fit a 640 x 480 pixel size . Next , I reduced the number of colors to 32K , and saved the picture over the original file.Result is a faster loading , much more clear image .
 I just bought this product through -LSB- ... -RSB- and it arrived in short order . As others have pointed out , the manual instructions are not the greatest , but after a little while I was able to figure it out . I managed to upload several pics from my camera by inserting the memory card and copying over the pics to the internal memory -LRB- yes , it did have internal memory -RRB- , then added more pics from my computer using the USB mini port and also copied over a few music files . Great news , the slideshow did play w / music , you have to set the music to play on the music set up menu.I agree that the stand is flimsy and may be problematic down the road . The picture quality is great and the music plays beautifully . Although , I noticed a few times that the music had a slight break , then continues on . Well I 'll see how it goes . This is a Christmas gift for my mom and I am really hoping all goes well . I got a really good deal for the price !
 Was looking around for a decent quality photo frame to gift to a friend . This frame was well within budget and had good features.It displays decent resolution photos , also plays MP3s along with the slideshow , and has 128mb inbuilt memory , which is sufficient for 100-200 photos @ 800x600 resolution.The only disadvantage I found was that writing to its internal memory was pretty slow .
 The cheapest -LRB- in terms of cost -RRB- available in the market . When I tried the basic functionalities of this photo frame , it worked well . I have presented it to my in-laws and now I am told that music -LRB- mp3 -RRB- is not playing . Not sure if they are not operating properl or if its a problem with the product
 This is a great product . It shows excellent quality images and plays music well . However , it does not have any internal memory so without a SD/Memory card inserted it does not work . Overall , its worth the price !
 This is a great Value - I can only get 2,000 pics to show even though 15K are loaded on 2G SD . Would be nice to have like Svideo input/wifi , power stby on/off from remote . Few other kinks like random not pause ... otherwise picture is great - audio works nice - hav n't tried video 's
 I have been using the product for awhile now I love it great picture and sound . looking forward to trying movie clips from my travels in it .
 I bought this as a birthday present for my mother . To keep her living room dark for the dog she turns the frame off at night . However , the backlight remains on and the only way to turn it off is by unplugging the product . Is this normal ?
 We really like it . I plan on purchasing additional ones as gifts for the relatives that went on vacation with us .
 Great product ! This was a gift to my husband on Fathers Day while he was in the desert . He absolutely loved it and he was the envy of all the other guys .
 I would have thought that it would have come with some type of scan disc or larger internal memory ! But all in all it is a very good buy !!!
 We purchased this to use for my daughter 's reception , to display a slideshow with a variety of pictures of the bride and groom . We had a bit of difficulty with it reading files from my Mac , but no problem at all with my HP . This product worked perfectly , and was a great deal for the price .
 The Coby DP-559 5.6 inch frame has great picture quality . I was hesitant when I bought the frame because it was so inexpensive , but was presently surprised when it arrived .
 I love the unit tremendously . We have held off for a long while before finally giving in to buy one . It was a great investment .
 Small but large enough to view the pics . Also plays music !! Added bonus . Great value
 Working good so far . I did n't see anywhere in the specs . that you have to have an SD card . There is no internal memory on the frame .
 Everything is great about this product EXCEPT that the music stops playing when the slideshow starts . Why is that ? would n't you love for an appropriate song to play in the background while watching a slideshow of your loves ones or a special event ? That is just faulty . Otherwise , it 's super easy to setup and use . Thanks !
 The frame is nice but it was not what it said it was . I got the first digital unit and the interchageable frame was not in there . I contacted Amazon and they very graciously sent me a replacement . When the second digital unit arrived it was the same way . I ended up keeping the second frame even though it did not have the interchangeable frame because I had to have it for a Christmas present . Amazon said if they sent me another frame it would probably be the same way . Other than the fact that the description is wrong , the digital frame is nice for the price .
 I am very pleased with these frames . They came very fast and are a good quality product .
 Clear picture and nice wood frame . I like how it has random picture effect change . Easy to load . Highly recommend - good value .
 It is what it is ... not to fancy , not too simple . It is easy to use and has a nice display window . I bought it for my grandmother as a gift and she was able to get it to work without any problems . I also like that it has several ways that it transitions between photos -LRB- ie . fade out , roll over into next pic , graphic cube fade ... -RRB- . I would recommend this item to anyone that is looking for a digital frame for their photos .
 It looks as if reviews for various Coby photo viewing products have been mixed together . This review is for the Coby DP-350 . It covers only the picture viewing capability , because I have not used the MP3 playing capability . The only type of memory cards I have used with the DP-350 have been SD 's . What I like most about the DP-350 is that if you have your photos divided into folders , you can move through the folders and select a specific folder for viewing . This means you do n't have to move through perhaps hundreds of photos to find the ones you want . You can create the folders in the DP-350 's internal memory -LRB- about 1 GB -RRB- or on an SD memory card . -LRB- Perhaps other memory card types as well . I used only SD 's . -RRB- The SD-350 will not let you choose subfolders within a folder . If you do have pictures within subfolders , the pictures will all appear in the parent folder.When you connect the DP-350 to your computer with the USB cable , Windows Explorer treats the DP-350 's internal memory as one more drive . If you have a memory card inserted in the DP-350 , it is treated as yet another drive . Using Windows Explorer , you can create or delete folders , copy folders from you hard drive -LRB- or maybe a CD -RRB- , transfer pictures to the folders and delete pictures from the folders . If you want slide shows to be in a certain order , you must transfer the pictures to the folder in that order.What I most dislike about the DP-350 are it 's 5 buttons . Push them a bit too slowly or not quite hard enough , and the button push is not recognized . Also , it would be nice if the buttons were a bit wider and a bit more rounded ; if you use the buttons to move through pictures instead of running a slide show , your fingers will become slightly sore.Another problem with the DP-350 is the delay between button push and response to the button push . This is not much of a problem if you are working with photos in the internal memory but can be annoying if you are working with a memory card with many folders and pictures . As you wait for a response , you wonder if perhaps you did n't push the button just right . -LRB- The brand of SD memory cards I use come in different speeds . Using a faster memory card reduced the waiting time , but internal memory still worked much faster . -RRB- -LRB- Note
 My siblings and I got this for our mom 's birthday . We decided to be sneaky and preload it with pictures of the family before giving it to her , because really who gives a picture frame with the generic pictures in to their mom on her birthday ? No one I know who does n't want to hear about it until judgment day.The frame itself looks just like the picture . What you do n't see is the power cord you 'll have to hide though . This take regular AC power from the wall outlet , no batteries . All of the connections , memory slots and USB connections are behind the larger frame . So with some work , the slots and power cord can be hidden from view.I grabbed the manual and started trying to follow the instructions for adding new pictures to it . That 's where my problems started . The instructions did n't seem to follow what the frame and my laptop were telling me . The screen was supposed to have some instructions to follow once the USB was plugged into the laptop . It did n't . It was stuck with a generic info screen that you could n't navigate away from as directed.Oh well . Thankfully , since it 's a USB drive you can bypass the frame 's directions and just drag and drop like you would any other USB drive . When hooked to a PC , you 'll find a multitude of new ` drives ' on your computer from the frame . These are the different card slots for extra memory . It comes with 128mb in the frame , so if you do n't want to drop the money for an extra card , you 'll be fine.Once I narrowed down the internal drive for the frame , I delete the generic pictures and started putting on the ones I wanted , that was the easily part of the entire job . After putting all the pictures I wanted , I renamed the internal drive to make it easier to find later for my parents too.From there , we started working to organize the pictures for a more random slide show when it was turned on -LRB- it has an on/off switch -RRB- . It was frustrating to figure out how it read the pictures for the show and how it ` randomized ' them . Basically we had to rename the picture files , then move them around in the internal drive and then we just told the frame to show them in order.Mostly these are minor quibbles for me . The pictures looked just fine , the price range was affordable , the screen is n't too small and even my parents have figured out how to add new pictures .
 The style of the frame is what drew me to this product . Most digital frames just have the plain flat front , but this one was nicer . The images looked great on it as well . The only drawback was having to get the pictures the right dimensions , but that may be the case for all digital frames .
 other than a digital picture frame , it can also play mp3 and video file . the price ca n't be beat .
 All I can say is that my Mother loves this product and amazon had it at a great price . So we are both very happy .
 The digital photo frame was an excellent gift for my MOM ; she has enjoyed and seems to use it with ease . Each of us 4 kids were able to make a USB flash drive of pictures for her to view . Good quality .
 Picture very good , remote control works well . Wood frame looks excellent . Only problem is connecting to a computer to transfer files . The USB connection is poor . Often will not transfer pictures . I have three of these frames and several computers and all combinations act the same way . If you use some other method to write to the memory card , everything is fine , just do not count on the Coby frame USB connection . Also , Coby will never answer their on-line support contact .
 Coby DP-151 1.5 '' Digital Photo KeychainAfter reading all the reviews on this product I bought four of them to give to family members . Although the instructions that came with the keychain are vague , I followed the instructions provided by a previous reviewer and all four loaded photos without difficulty . The picures are clear and crisp and my family loved them . I think this is great inexpensive gift for anyone .
 i have many digital photo frames but this one is huge ! it has a huge screen and do n't quote me on this but its HD wide screen ! watch HD videos on it its way cooler than Mr. Roger 's picture picture
 Summary
 The frame itself is nice , the features it holds . The only issues that I have with it is the fact that you ca n't plug it into the computer via USB to add pictures onto the frame . Also it would be nice to have the option of auto play in the menu for when you turn on the frame . You just turn it on , then you have to hit play in order for it to play . Overall the frame is nice , have not gotten around to messing with the video or audio features .
 Works Great - Hint - crop pictures for a 16x9 ratio to get full screen . resize picture to 480x270 pixels since this is all you need to match frame resolution and make picture file as small as possible to maximize number of pictures on a memory card . 1GB card will hold over 3000 pictures . MP3 's sound great considering small speakers , not much bass .
 The picture quality is wonderful and its a great buy for a loved one who loves to display pictures or one who takes millions of pictures . The set up was a breeze and learning how to use it was not a problem . The remote controller it comes with is a handy tool to have and the price for this 10 ' frame is a steal . I have not used any of the other features yet so i can not comment , but so far so good !
 I have been happily impressed with this digital frame . It shows pictures very clearly . The videos where showing some distortion in the lower part but I did not get the chance to check different video file format before giving them to my parents . Still recommend , if only for the photo display .
 My friends have similar products that they paid up to 3x more . Quality is very good ... easy to use ... such a great gift for almost any occasion .
 I ordered this product as a Christmas present . My friend like it very much , said it is very nice .
 i aM VERY MUCH AN AMMATEUR PHOTOGRAPHER I enjoy having my holiday snaps up on the screen . While I work they flip thru their sequence I look up from my boring desk work and recall the moment I took the picture.So I am happy with the product I have not tried to show a film or test the sound quality on the unit yet
 I absolutely love it . My cousin had one and I was amazed at how clear and sharp the pictures were on it . After reading terrible reviews about others I was so happy to find one that not only gave me the quality pictures I wanted but was easy to use and did not break the bank . I would highly recommend it . It is truly the new `` Grandma 's Brag Book '' for the modern grandparent .
 The DP848-128 8.4 inch frame is a nice frame that works perfectly and looks great . I purchased it for my mother who was very skeptical about digital frames and now she loves it . It is easy to load pictures onto and easy to program for a slide show . The picture quality is excellent with a nice brightness adjustment that makes the photos look really clear and crisp . Very Good deal !!!
 I have not had a chance to use it yet although I know it is a good product and it 's something I had been looking for , especially at that price .
 Purchased 8-inch display because of low cost , nice interchangeable frames that do n't make it look cheap and most importantly ability to view all of my cameras pictures . 8-inch would be the minimum size to go with for view of digital pictures . I was surprised by how well the pictures looked on the screen without having to decrease the size or quality of the images . Copied the 3MB images to the frame , plugged it in , choose to run as slide show and there they go .
 I am totally satisfied with this purchase . The photos are crips and clean and it was easy to get it to work . The 10 '' size is very nice and anything less would have not met my needs . We have the frame on a shelf in the corner of the living room for all to see.I loaded pictures from my pc onto a USB -LRB- Thumb -RRB- drive and plugged it into the frame and it started working . This was a gift for my wife who is technically challenged and SHE got the frame to work -LRB- all I did was load the pics -RRB- . We do use the remote control which is nice.She has not tried any of the other features so I ca n't comment on them . My expectations were minimal and I have been more than satisfied.In a review I had read , someone had mentioned that the stand was of poor quality . This was one of my concerns in purchasing this product . The stand is adequate for this application although it is not a `` rugged '' stand so you ca n't be abusing it * smile *
 Coby DP-769 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player , still working and still like it , useful items to decore your space
 I bought two of these frames for Mother 's day , and they were a huge hit . I thought I needed to find 1024x768 Res frame , but could n't afford two , so I bought these instead . The picture quality is great ! I am very impressed with everything about this product . Great remote , easy menu system , start-up time is relatively short , and simple to operate . The interchangeable frames are not cheap-looking like some others - will go next to any wood frame and look great . The only thing I did n't count on is my wife wanting one after she saw how great this frame is . Looks like I 'll be purchasing another one !
 I 've seen many digital picture frame before and did n't expext too much . After reading the reviews here on Amazon , I ordered one for my wedding . The picture quality is truly amazing -LRB- 800px x 600px -RRB- and the cool feature with the built-in speaker for MP3 playback is awesome during the slideshow option . The interchangeable frame distinguish the frame from the rest on the market.PROS : - Price -LRB- Best Picture Quality for the Price -RRB- - Built-In Stereo Speakers for MP3 playback - File Support -LRB- Photos , Audios & Videos -RRB- - Interchangeable Frame -LRB- Silver & Gold , made from plastic with Brushed Aluminum look -RRB- - Support different types of media storage - Easy loading , Drag and Drop files onto your memory card - User Friendly Remote ControlCONS : - Sound quality is n't the best - Quality of the Remote Control - Does NOT support SDHC -LRB- No biggie , I email the support to confirm before ordering -RRB- Bottomline , I still gave it a 5 star despite of the CONS list . It 's well worth every penny .
 I purchased this digital photo frame for my boat where there was not enough wall space for family photos . It performs exactly as described and I 'm basically very pleased with the device . It was easy to get the scanned photos onto a card and the DP-888 recognized them immediately.The appearance of the displayed photographs is excellent . They are bright and clear.I have not evaluated it for video or evaluated the sound system.One strong positive for this model in my application is that the power it needs is 12v DC so I was able to wire it directly into the boat 's electrical system . This feature would also be important to anyone who wanted to use it in an RV.The lighter of the two wood frames is not the nicest wood and eventually I will replace with with one that is more consistent with the quality of woodwork on my boat .
 I got this product as a gift for all of my groomsmen . They all loved it and have been very happy with the performance of the product thus far . All the bridesmaids were jealous that all they got was jewelry . The digital picture frame ust took the # 1 slot for the must buy gift .
 Pros
 My wife is a digital camera freak when it comes to the grand kids . She wanted something she could put in her purse so she could show photos to friends . I wanted something that would interface easily enough with her Mac so that she could get her photos from camera to computer to pocket album by herself . This digital album fills the bill in that regard . You plug it into the USB port , it shows up on the desktop and you simply drag photos into a folder on the device . Nothing could be easier . No setup was necessary . Picture quality is okay , but not nearly as good as on her computer screen or the larger digital photo frame that 's been running 24/7 in our kitchen for close to 2 years . Now if she can just remember to put the darn thing in her purse instead of leaving it in the drawer of our coffee table , we 'll be good to go !
 This product does what it claims , and the price was the best I found online and at retail stores . You can not play MP3s while looking at pictures , but other than that it was well worth it .
 I purchased this digital frame because my husband was leaving for Iraq and I love it ! The frame is nice and its great because it comes with a clock and I thought he could set the clock to Arizona time and that way he 'd always know what time it was back home ... the frame is great and the quality is great - looks just like the picture . He loved it !
 My wife loved this `` gift '' from her 3 year old and 7 month old daughter as we were able to put all 2400 + photos of them on it , but the were some glitchy things irked me .1 . I had to restart the frame in order to get the most recently added photos to be recognized .2 . There is n't a `` repeat all '' function so after it goes through all the picts , it goes back to the menu and you have to hit slide show again .3 . Since the card was formatted in FAT16 you could put all the pictures directly on to the root of the card and instead created a subfolder .4 . Reformatting the card to FAT32 caused the frame to be sluggish and corrupted several photos .
 We have had this frame about 2 weeks now and we are very happy with it . The only problem we had was with placing video 's on the frame - an email to Coby 's tech support fixed the problem right away . The display is a good size and brightness .
 does what it says on the spec.I work in the industry . best value out there in the market .
 Got this as a gift for my parents age 75 and 72 who have no computer . They love it ! I had to get a memory card for it which added to the total cost but Amazon offered a 1 gb for a very reasonable price and I got free shipping on the item purchased so all in all it was a very reasonably priced digital frame . Larger than most others at this price on the market due to the wide screen . My only complaint is the vertical pictures leave a lot of free frame space but my parents love it and that really is all that matters ! Great idea for wedding anniversaries !
 I bought this frame for my in-laws . I loaded a memory card with pictures of my children and gave it to them for Christmas , they love it . The only complaint I have with this product is that the manual did not explain the functions very well , so you have to use trial and error to figure out some of the features .
 Gave this to my step mom as a Christmas gift and she really enjoyed it . I had to show her had to use it as she is n't very tech savy but the manual would be sufficient for most .
 Order was what I expected . Arrived promptly . And the price was the best I 'd seen anywhere . I 'd buy again . A + +
 Thankfully I was just looking for a digital picture frame -LRB- no need for video or music -RRB- since the video feature does not work for me.For pictures , I 'm thrilled . Quality is better than I expected since I feared resizing all my images to 480x860 would result in poor quality . It 's plenty good enough for the price.I used ACDSee to batch process several hundred images . First I cropped to widescreen format , then resized to 480x860 . I used an SD card for the photos.I few images suffered from the cropping -LRB- lost the top of peoples heads -RRB- , but for the most part cropping did n't hurt too much . For those that were impacted , I just manually moved the crop to avoid cutting out content . I think I rather have a standard format frame though since that matches my camera.Overall , if you get a defect free unit , and do n't expect to use the video feature , you should be happy with it .
 I think most of the reviews linked to this frame must be for older models . I bought this along with the Philips 8 '' frame and for the ease of use , number of compatible memory cards and resolution the Coby was much better than the Philips . In fact , I just logged in to order two more for Xmas presents . The only drawback is the quality of materials for the frame . The Philips has a nicer design and feel.The resolution on this frame is 800x480 . I put in a memory card from my Nikon D40x -LRB- 10.2 MP -RRB- and displayed the slideshow . I was suprised at the quality . There were no issues with stretching or cutting off of pictures as described in other reviews . Since this was a gift , I did n't have a chance to test the video options but for the price you ca n't beat this frame !
 Well , the product is good for its price . But , the fact that the pictures do not fit your screen well irritated me initially until I found out a solution . You need a software to convert your 4:3 pictures to 16:9 . The software I used is `` JS PhotoPrep '' . You can convert all your pics at once . Once you download and install , check mark both `` Perform Crop '' and `` Perform Resize '' . Select Crop ratio as 4X6 and `` Desk-view '' in Perform Resize with a High quality -LRB- for enlarging -RRB- . Now use these pics on your Coby Photo frame . Once you get into the slide show mode , click the right arrow twice to get into the full screen mode . You should be able to see your pics coming on the full screen without distorting it . Hope this helps .
 The USB port connects to flash drives - NOT to a computer - so if you think this digital picture frame has an internal flash memory that you load from a computer , you 're in for a rude surprise . I have n't tried using this picture frame with the Digital Camera memory cards it supports - I 'm strictly using it with the USB interface . If you do n't have a flash drive lying around , you 'll have to purchase one -LRB- another $ 10 to $ 20 expense -RRB- Also it does not work with every flash drive - I eventually figured out I had to reformat my old but usable flash drive `` FAT32 '' versus `` FAT '' for it to be usable with this device and to not get the error message from the picture frame GUI `` not supported file '' . Also , to connect the picture frame to a TV , you 'll have to buy a special 3.5 mm to RCA composite video cable - or you may have one that came with a CamCorder or Digital cameraI do love the tiny but useful remote control , the 3x zoom , and the rotate 90 % feature for shifting between portrait & landscape mode
 Awesome product . It did exactly what was advertised plus more . I am very pleased with the frame .
 I bought this for my wife for Christmas . It does work well . The pictures could be a little sharper but you are not paying $ 150 . For use on an office desk or on your mantle the picture is good enough . The only problem that I had was that I bought the directly through Amazon . There is a spot on all there web pages that says customers who bought `` this '' also bought `` this '' . The item that was reconmended to go with the frame was a SDHC card . The frame only works with a plain SD card . I bougth the SDHC card and also tried a card from my camera that is a high speed SD . Neither of these work . Other than that the frame is a good deal and I would recomend it.Coby DP-758 7 '' Widescreen Digital Photo Frame
 I bought this digital frame and a 2gig memory card . The setup could not have been easier . I put the memory card in my PC , added pictures , plugged card in frame , plugged in frame and it worked perfectly !!! I 'm sure there was probably software included but I did n't need it . Soooo easy !!!
 Just the right size , this digital photo frame fits everywhere . The pictures look great and I like the fact that I can pick between the wood or black frame . The cost was the deciding factor for me .
 I bought this as a gift for a coworker who resigned from the job . A group of us decided to get pictures together , we thought the musical aspect would be fun as well . The set up was rather easy , no problems there . The play back worked well also . However at one point when wanting to pause it and then trying to continue , I could not find out how to continue from the spot that we paused it at , although you could quickly go through the pictures until you got to where you were , without the music however . I believe that this was a great gift , and that it will be enjoyed . I can not comment on the durability of the product however . Overall I recommend getting this along iwth a memory card , so you can simply add everything to that and stick it in the frame .
 I bought this as a gift for friends and they say they are very happy with it .
 Low price , good enough product.Good
 This is a great digital picture frame . It is the second one I bought , and works great with a super picture . I highly recommend it to anyone looking to buy this type of product .
 It was so easy to use . I took it out of the box and was viewing pictures in no time . Very easy to use and the set up was a breeze .
 The order shipped immediately , recieved on time , product in perfect condition as stated on sale . Given as Christmas gift and so far so good , thanks for the amazing price !
 This is a great little digital photo album . I wanted something special for a Christmas gift for my mom , who is computer challenged . The picture is clear and crisp , just the right size for mom to carry around in her purse and use for grandma braggin ' rights . It holds 1,000 pictures and has a card slot for more photo options . This is a great gift for the grandmas and grandpas of the world , or those folks that do n't carry around a lot of technical devices .
 This was easy to set up and works perfectly for a grand parent with lots of grandkids and wants to show them all off without taking up a lot of wall space.Coby DP-758 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame
 I gave this as a Christmas present , so do n't know how well it works , but opened it and it was a very attractive frame . Also , recipient has n't fussed about it , so I assume it works okay .
 Great Value . I bought this frame for my mother for Christmas and found it very easy to load and use . I had never used a digital photo frame before and I would purchase this frame agian .
 The picture quality is great . It is very easy to use and load pictures onto . I like the fact that it comes with a silver and a gold frame . It was puchased as a gift for my Dad and he loved it !
 I have to saythis product i actually better then I expectednice picture , ok sound quality , its good they gave interchangeble face plates idont know about others but i dont like with white face plateoverall preaty nice product and the price rock ` s
 I recently puchesed it as a birhday gift 4 a friend and she loved it . . It went perfect with her newly decorated room :-RRB- . . I recommend it and the price is very reasonable ! : -RRB-
 A great product . Small enough to carry in a purse or pocket . Resolution is fine and the capacity is large . Very easy to download photos into thealbum . A winner !
 the digital frame was new in a never opened box as promised . Was delivered before the promised date . Everything is good .
 Easy to assemble and use out of the box . The remote is rather small , but usable . Other reviews stated some photos did not reach edge to edge , but there is an adjustment on the remote to change from the 4:3 ratio to the 16:9 making the photo larger . The only negative is fragmentation in some photos sometimes . Not sure of this cause . Otherwise , I would recommend this product to everyone . For a first time buyer of this type of digital frame , I am well pleased.Coby DP-758 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame
 It is a very nice item , wish it had moree internal memory , you will need to use a SD card ,
 As a new grandmother of 2 -LRB- 1in Oct '08 and 1 Nov ' 08 -RRB- I can carry pictures of the babies and change them with ease . Also my daughter got married in Jan '09 and I can carry wedding photos too . The capacity is so large I can even download a book to listen to on the mp3 section .
 I bought this as a gift to send back to the UK for my parents . Its fantastic , they love that i can send back an SD card with pics and videos and all they have to do is insert the card . Great value , and easy to use .
 I purchased this item for my elderly parents at Christmas and they were thrilled . We also purchased a 1 gig flash card . Before we gave the frame to them we downloaded every picture we ever took regarding them . We all spent Christmas looking at hundreds of pictires . It was great . The frame is kind of plain and plastic ... but the size of the frame and picture quality is great . I think this frame is well worth the money .
 I bought this product for a present . It works OK and my wife is very happy with it ! :--RRB- -RRB-
 It accepts several types of memory cards , as well as video/audio reproduction.Excellent in all areas.Could use other frame colors .
 I purchased this for my Mother for Mother 's Day . She said it was the best gift she had received . It is simple to use , just pop in the memory card and turn on the power , and the screensaver starts automatically . Not a lot of bells & whistles , but perfect for her . A big plus was the 10 '' screen size , which means she can see the pictures easily from across the room . The price was great for the product received . The only downside perhaps is the frame - a choice of white or black plastic .
 This product is very good . Easy to use . Load your pictures and music on a memory card and pop it in . Why not 5 stars ? It was a little pricey for my blood . I offset the cost with a gift certificate I received . That made it do-able . Have not tried the video feature .
 We bought this 10 '' Coby DP102 widescreen digital photo frame for my mother for Mother 's Day . Our family is so spread across the states that she does n't get to see grandkids or great grandkids very often , so we thought that we could all keep her updated on what is happening in everyones lives . We just send her SD cards full of new pictures and even she can use the simple frame . She is afraid of new technology , but we showed her how simple this frame is to use and she loves it . The picture quality is great and the remote is so easy to use . We would recomend this product to anyone who wants a digital frame .
 I bought this frame as a gift to my wife and we are very happy with the purchase . Excellent quality and features . It is worth every dollar and more . Buy it . Do n't pay attention to the negative feedback . Cody is a good brand .
 This review is for the DP-887 . 8 '' non-widescreen frame.First this is one of the non-widescreen photo viewers , which means it actually will not crop any of your normal sized photos which is probably most of what you have . Also this is an 800x600 display which means that for the size of the screen the resolution is absolutely awesome and pictures look great . Also it is fairly bright and has pretty good color rendition.The styling is okay , a little cheap looking , but not more cheap than your average photo-frame and if you really do n't like it you can probably find a different frame.The transitions bothered a me a little at first , but you can fiddle with the settings.In short this is probably one of the best digital photoframes currently available -LRB- Jan 08 -RRB- and one of the cheaper ones at this time .
 Just loved this product . Others have said that they had problems in music playback . I did not encounter any such problems . I dumped all my pictures and music files in a 4 GB USB flash drive and it worked like a charm . I am also using this a unit as an mp3 player . Speakers are sufficiently loud and external speaker can also be connected ... although i did not feel the need for it . The best part is , it support all types of memory cards.Basically i found no shortcomings , and it is worth more than what you have to pay for it . Just love it ...
 I couldnt believe the price , & was a little skeptical about the quality . I bought this digital 10inch frame for my parents for Christmas , I decided I should open it & check it out , it was very easy to use.However , there was a pixel out right in the middle of the frame , it was a glowing red dot . I called Coby , they have a policy that if there is not more than 5 or 6 pixels out , they wont replace it . They told me to contact Amazon & they would replace it . I didnt even have to call Amazon , I went to Amazon.com , & within 1 minute , I got an email back from Amazon with a packing label so I could send the bad one to them . They even paid the shipping costs , & sent the replacement in 3 days . Im VERY happy with Amazon , & my digital frame .
 Compared to other products we tried -LRB- and returned -RRB- , this digital screen was great . Fairly easy to use and high res display . We are only using it for pictures at present but frame is capable of more . Only issue we had is that you ca n't expand the picture to fill the screen when the pics are in slideshow mode . I would buy again and probably will be buying the 7 '' version as a gift for another family member .
 If your looking to buy a digital photo frame , then I would highly recommend this Colby DP102 . For the price your going to pay and the features with this frame over others , this digital frame has all the others beat . This is a 10 '' and you wo n't be happy with anything smaller . If I could of found a 12 '' I would have purchased it . I had an 8 '' I bought from another retailer and spent more $ $ for that one and it did n't have all the features this Colby has . I sent the 8 '' back and bought this Colby from amazon.com who had the best price again.As far as getting it going and using it , that is no problem at all . Put some MP3 's , -LRB- I would recommend only instrumentals , because you do n't want to take away from the pics -RRB- on it and load it up with your pics and turn it on and the music will automatically play while your pics are being shown . You can use both media cards & flash drives with this frame . The limit is 1GB . This is my first ever review on anything , but I had to add my opinion on this Coby , because it is just one great item .
 Easy to get up and running , the unit goes into slideshow mode after power on automatically . Picture quality was excellent . Easy to put pictures on a memory card and have them show up . Recommend re-cropping your pictures to 16x9 aspect ratio so you get a full picture . Unit can accomodate std . 4x6 format as well , but will not fill the screen . Small Quirks are : - When in slideshow mode , you ca n't hit the pause button to ZOOM in . - Very poorly designed stand that WILL collapse after a couple of weeks . - Documentation is lacking -LRB- typical COBY style -RRB- - No support for QuickTime video popular in some digital cameras - Unit has a faint lingering glow on screen after power down which does n't go away unless you unplug the unit .
 I read lots of reviews on products before I purchase them . Do n't we all ? So as I am looking for a digital photo frame for my mom 's gift for Christmas , I begin to get swept away by the MANY reviews regarding these frames . `` The ratio is incorrect '' `` The qualiy is subpar '' `` I can not program the -LSB- insert technical phrase -RSB- wih this product '' . Now I am thinking that my $ 60 gift is going to turn into a $ 200 gift , just so I can insure I am not giving my mom a blurry , difficult to work piece of junk!Well , I take a breather , step back from the computer and reassess . Neither my mom nor myself do photography as a hobby . I have a nice 7MP camera whose setting is mostly on `` General Use '' . I have NEVER used the Manual Focus feature . I consider the picure a success if I can either A -RRB- Print it out as a 31/2 x 4 to show to others or B -RRB- I can view it on my computer without squinting my eyes in an effort to figure out what I am looking at.To make a long review endless
 This product has served the purpose my wife wanted it to . One thing I wish I knew before I bought this item is it will not play mp3s and show pics at the same time . It does have one glitch that is not a serious problem . When the unit gets warm from use , it will put lines through a picture every now and then . The only other thing I would make sure of is that you have some sort of extra external memory card . This unit does not have internal memory of any sort . Jump drives are cheap and easy to use though !
 I wanted to get a photo frame for my sister . She does n't have a computer -LRB- and she does n't want one -RRB- and I wanted to get her something easy to use and something that looked really great . I did n't think I was going to buy one of these Cobys . I thought I would buy either a Phillips or Kodak . But after doing a little research on the specs of each , the Coby DP887 was the natural choice.It has higher resolution than most other frames -LRB- 800x600 -RRB- . It has higher brightness than most other frames -LRB- 350 cd/m2 -RRB- . It has higher contrast ratio than most other frames -LRB- 500:1 -RRB- . It uses LED backlight technology -LRB- the latest and best at this time -RRB- It accepts SD , MMC , MS -LRB- including MS Duo -RRB- , xD , CF cards & USB flash drives . -LRB- note that it does not have SDHC certification to accept the newest SDHC cards -RRB- It has both a full size USB port for USB flash drives and a mini USB port to hook it up to your computer.It has built in speakers , a headphone jack and volume control.It plays MP3s & WMA audio files -LRB- I have not tested this yet -RRB- . It also plays AVI and MP4 video files of the type generated by video cameras -LRB- At this time , I have only tried one small camera-generated AVI file and it played it well w/sound -RRB- It has a wireless remote control.The DP887 has a 4:3 aspect ratio , which matches the vast majority of digital photos.The one thing you need to know about this frame -LRB- and the rest of the Cobys -RRB- is that it does n't have any internal memory . That may seem like a problem to you , but let me explain why it is not . It can play material directly from a memory card inserted into any of it 's four different card slots or directly from an inserted USB flash drive . For example , 1 or 2 GB SD cards are cheap . You can stick a 2GB SD card in there and now you have a 2GB frame . Compare that with some of the other frames which can not play directly from memory cards and require you to copy material to the frame itself , which usually have 512mb or maybe 256mb or less of memory . Besides , who wants to deal with the additional step of copying material directly to the frame ? In fact , if you already have USB flash drive or a memory card reader , you wo n't have to hook this frame up to your computer at all . Just load up an SD , MMC , MS , xD , CF card , or USB flash drive with photos and plug it in to the frame . In this way , for example , you can just send your parents a cheap SD card preloaded with pics in the mail if you wanted to . All they would have to do it plug it in to the frame and go.The frame also allows you to copy material from any inserted memory card to another , or to/from a USB Flash drive - through the frame itself , with no computer involvement . This works in any direction , meaning you can copy to/from any memory card or usb flash drive inserted into the frame.For example , you can copy photos/filesfrom a USB Flash drive to an SD cardfrom an SD card to a USB Flash drivefrom an SD card to a CF card ... etc. , using only the frame -LRB- no computer -RRB- . The frame has a little menu driven `` os '' which accommodates this functionality , though it is very clumsy . This would be helpful if for example , you were using an SD card as your main storage for the frame and you wanted to add photos from a USB flash drive but you do n't have access to a computer , or an SD card reader -LRB- ie . say you were visiting your parent 's house and you wanted to add more photos to their frame -RRB- . The frame also functions as a 5-in-1 memory card reader when connected to a computer . This makes it easy if you do n't already own a memory card reader for your computer or a USB flash drive . Plug the frame into your computer , and four new removable mass storage drives will be recognized and appear -LRB- one each for the SD/MMC , MS , xD , CF card slots -RRB- . Since the frame itself acts as a memory card reader , you can attach the frame to your computer and use it to load up a memory card inserted into the frame.To those people who are complaining because they are trying to attach the frame to their computer and copy photos to it , you must understand that the frame does not have it 's own internal memory ! You MUST have a memory card inserted into one of the frame 's card slots in order to copy material directly to/from a computer . Think of the frame as a host , it is not a storage device in and of itself.Operation is simple . Just turn it on , insert the preloaded memory card -LRB- s -RRB- of your choice -LRB- or USB flash drive -RRB- , select that card graphically via the remote control or keys which are located along the sides of the frame -LRB- you have to do this because you can have one of four different types of memory cards inserted simultaneously -RRB- , then select slideshow and viola!The frame will automatically scale down any large photos , which either have to be in JPG or BMP format . It does not automatically rotate them to fit the orientation of the frame , but you can do that manually with the remote control -LRB- though you ca n't save that preference in the frame -RRB- . It is best to orient the photos ahead of time on your computer . The slideshow function has about ten different transitions and you can set the frame to use one specific effect of your choice or randomly use all ten effects . You can change the on screen duration of the of the photos from 5 seconds all way to 1 day . You can set the photos to play randomly or in the same order each time . You can also have MP3 or WMA music play though the slideshow , though I have not tired this yet . Using the thumbnails it generates , you could also select a single photo to display with no slideshow.The frame has adjustable volume -LRB- for music and video playback -RRB- and an easily adjustable brightness control -LRB- via a wheel knob on the frame -RRB- . I find it very easy to use . It does not have light detection to automatically brighten or darken the frame based on ambient lighting conditions - that would have been nice . The remote control has a very limited range and working angle , which can be annoying . The on/off switch is located on the frame itself and you can not use the remote control to turn the frame on or off . If you turn the frame off during a slideshow , the next time you turn it back on , it will automatically restart the slideshow unless you tell it otherwise . Because of that , you could plug it into an electrical timer to easily have it turn on and off at set times of your choice.Overall , I am very pleased with the frame so far and my sister loves it ! The LCD looks fantastic , it is very bright , very sharp and it has excellent color and contrast . The photos look natural and clear -LRB- assuming they were natural and clear in the first place :-RRB- The frame is easy to use , it offers many options for loading photos and it can even serve as a 5-in-1 memory card reader . The brushed-metal outer frames -LRB- it comes with both silver and gold -RRB- are very sharp looking . I would recommend the DP887 to anyone looking for a digital photo frame.NOTE
 This little digital picture frame does it all , playing back photos , music and video -LRB- AVI only coded in Xvid -RRB- . Good bargin considering other frames cost an arm and leg more ; well maybe not a leg but certainly the arm . However be forewarned that this device DOES NOT , I REPEAT DOES NOT play photos and music at the same time and can only do this with video , but that is being redundant since movies are picture and sound anyway . The ad nor the box said this and in fact made it appear to be able to achieve this feat , which it can not . That is why this product lost a star . That and the picture sometimes shows up fuzzy but that is only after like 20 minutes or so at a time .
 Shopping for a photo frame has proven to be a difficult task . There are so many brands out there and prices vary by a ton . The last thing I wanted to do was get suckered in by a less expensive frame that ended up stretching my photos and making them all look grainy.I knew I wanted a frame with a high resolution so the photos came out clear and crisp . I wanted the 4:3 aspect-ratio instead of `` widescreen '' because I did not want my photos to stretch , have black bars on the sides or get cropped . I did n't want clear , black or wood because it was going to be displayed in my parent 's home and those styles do n't match up well with their decor.After some long nights of research and took a gamble and bought this frame . Despite this page saying `` widescreen '' I knew it was n't right because of the 800x600 resolution . When I opened the box , my hunch was right . 4:3 aspect-ratio . Yeehaw!The interchangeable frames are beautiful . The silver metal resembles stainless steel or satin nickel and looks stunning . The gold frame -LRB- which comes pre-installed -RRB- is more of a pale brass color . Each frame is backed with a velvet-like cloth . The quality is better than expected.Setup could n't have been easier . I copied a bunch of photos from my computer onto the blank 1GB memory card I purchased . I plugged it into the memory slot on the frame , selected memory card from the menu , and instantly got the first page of thumbnails on the screen . I selected the first photo and pressed the `` Slide Show '' button on the remote . That was it . Photos began to cycle every few seconds with random transitioning effects . The quality of the photos was awesome . So much better then some of the cheap 7 '' widescreen frames I 've seen in just about every store nowadays . My parents are going to be thrilled on Christmas.I have n't tinkered with the MP3 , video or additional features and capabilities just yet . I 'll be sure to once my parents open up their gift , preloaded with 100 + family photos . : -RRB- For those looking for a frame with great resolution , modern looks and top notch construction ... look no further , this is the frame for you . *** 12/31/07 MP3 Update *** We copied a bunch of Christmas MP3s to the memory card . There is a setting in the menu under Audio/Music that allows background music to play during the slideshow . This was a nice touch . Once the slideshow started , the music followed shortly after . Volume control and mute are both easily done from the remote control . You can also view and play the files directly from the Music menu . Sound quality was as expected .
 I bought this digital picture frame for my mom and she really LOVES it ! It is very easy to use , a perfect size , and has a clear picture . She really enjoys that you can switch the frame on the outside from gold to silver . It was a great gift , that she will have for a long time .
 I am currently deployed in Afghanistan with the Army , and I bought this picture frame for my 3 year old daughter back at home . I took a whole bunch of pictures of myself and some of the sites here , and sent the whole thing to her . She loved it ! She comments about the pictures all the time when I talk to her on the phone , and it 's the first thing she shows people when they go in her room .
 I spent , literally , days going over all the different choices on this site . I have to give a HUGE thanks to the review by Robert C . He could n't have been more spot on.At first I wanted something with on board memory but they all seemed expensive when you compared the specs for each model . I 've never owned an `` SD '' card before , but I bought many of these to give as gifts to people that owned digital cameras . -LRB- Me ? I 'm still developing 35mm film ... I know . I know . I 'm still scanning pictures into my computer , but that 's another post . I 'm `` old school '' . -RRB- With his review I decided that it could work for everyone 's usage level and he was right . I scanned my photos in and transfered them via the USB cord to the SD card I bought . Perfect.Great , big picture that is n't distorted . Very versatile . Colorful , bright picture . Random showing option . Good user manual . I 'm very happy I took his advice . You wo n't be disappointed , I promise!Although you might want to pick up a lava lamp key chain , so you can attach it to the remote . That way it can be easily found . It is teeny-tiny . And sorry , but I ca n't put my `` Real Name '' down because I have n't given out the gifts yet .
 We bought this present for my parents , who now have a new granddaughter an ocean away . What a great way for them to have up-to-date pictures - we just send them new versions on the scan disk memory card , they plug it in and away they go ! It is defintately easy to use for even `` older '' generations who are not computer savy ! The screen is big enough to see pictures across the living room and bright enough to be seen in the day time . The dark frame looks very elegant and compliments dark wood furniture very well . All in all , a great buy !
 I purchased the frame as a gift for my husband for father 's day . The frame was easy to use , and the picture quality was very good . Please note , you can use the frame to transfer pictures between memory devices , but it only has one slot for each type of device . If your camera uses a scan disk memory card and you buy a scan disk card as the memory for your frame , you will have to move the pictures to another device to copy them onto the frame .
 The product was meant as a wedding gift for the son of a friend of mine overseas.They arevery satisfied with it .
 I had been wanting a digital frame for over a year , but could n't justify over $ 100 . I was thrilled to see this one for $ 60 and have been very pleased with the setup and picture quality .
 I bought this picture frame for my Mom for Mother 's Day . I set it up with her grandson 's pictures for now . It works great , good pictures and performance . Easy to down load pictures to the chip through the frame interface . It is used everyday . I recommemd it to those looking for good quality at a good price.Coby DP-102 10-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo Frame with Built-In MP3 Player
 This is a great digital frame . I bought it for my Grandparents for Christmas and they loved it . It is clean looking and will fit into almost any rooms theme . The fact that it can stand on a table or hang on the wall is a major plus , because you can put it just about anywhere . I gave it a 4 because setting up the menu and getting it going can be slightly confusing for someone who isnt used to technology . I wouldnt consider the menu issue a problem though , it just might take a few minutes to play around with to get the settings correct .
 The Coby 5.6 '' Digital Photo Frame arrived very quick and in great shape . It is easy to operate and looks very nice . We did not load the MP3 as we were not wanting this function and had read disappointing reports . The slide show looks very nice and made a great present . Wish there was a larger screen with the same design .
 The Coby digital widescreen photo frame is an excellent buy ! I purchased this as a gift for my mother-in-law & her husband and they are so happy with this gift ! I saw it in action for the first time yesterday and it 's so neat and easy to use !! No computer needed , just slip in the memory card from your digital camera , plug it in , and poof you have a photo frame changing pictures every 5 seconds with cool effects !
 Pros
 I bought this as a gift for my sister and brother in law . We were able to set it up and played a slide show right away . They love it !
 This frame is fantastic . For the price I have MP3 music playing with my pictures . It is so easy to set up that my 9 yr old sister can do it herself .
 Outstanding ! Initially thought Coby fair but I was gladly mistaken ! Purchased gift for mom and she LOVES it ! Beautiful color and clarity .
 After reading so many reviews online for all the various digital frame , I was expecting pretty marginal quality from any frame I purchased . I chose this frame and crossed my fingers . I consider myself pretty critical of photo quality and found this to be quite a nice product . It exceeded my expectation . You do need to make sure you have some sort of memory card that 's not included and you need to make sure you know how to load it . Instructions are not very helpful on this front .
 me and my fiance purchased this for my soon to be inlaws and it was a perfect gift . they couldnt wait to rip it out of the box and use it . they plugged it in , stuck a memory card from one of their digital cameras in the slot ... and viola ! it worked . it was sooo simple . the picture is amazing . the color is great . and i think you can add music to your slideshow . they loved it . as did we . i think me and my fiance are going to get one for ourselves.this is a great gift for anyone who is hard to shop for , or for that person that has everything . i mean ... . who doesnt like good memories ? : D
 Nice and easy digital picture frame to give as a gift for the non techie relative in your life ...
 I bought this as a gift for my mother in law and i set it up for her she loves it so much , so much i found out that she never turns it off , I advised her that she she should turn it off at least at night . Nothing bad has happened to it so i know its a quaity product
 Got this to give as a graduation gift . Set it up with pictures of the young people from birth to now . I thought it turned out really well . But have n't heard back from the recipients yet . I like that it was portable and they could put it in their dorm rooms .
 Awesome photo frame . It works so well , was a gift for my dad and he loves it !
 I really liked it . Great resolution , multiple interfaces.A real winner.Problems?Wish it had battery capability.Wish they would have left a bit more clearance for a usb cable - but it fits !
 Excellent for the price , had some minor trouble with video but discovered it was my fault.Very good price and quick shipping by Tiger Direct
 I love this digital frame ! My husband got me one in August for my birthday , & we recently purchased 1 for my sister for Christmas . The picture quality is excellent ! I only wish it took batteries . That is my ONLY complaint !
 I bought this as a gift . I had so much fun using it , now I want one for myself . It was very simple to use and programming music with the pictures added a really nice touch .
 We are very happy with the DP102 . It does all that it claims . The ability to show a slide show and play background music from the same sd chip is amazing .
 I liked it so much I purchased two additional frames as gifts . There are many options and features and the price is great . I believe once you have it you 'll wonder how you went so long without one .
 It works well , but the black margin on each side reduces screen size . I will experiment with photo size to overcome this objection
 Nice graphics and style . But would be better if this frame follows the standard sizes for photos.This one use a 16:9 and I need to transform all the pictures to use the whole wide .
 I bought the COBY DP102 as a gift for my parents in May 2007 . I 'm very pleased with it so far . I did have some problems using it - I could n't get it to mount via USB to my Mac to load the photos . I ended up having to transfer files to the SD Card , but it worked perfectly after that . My parents are n't very computer savvy , so I 'm sure they 'll enjoy it as a stand alone frame.As for the cropping issue - I can see that being a problem . But since I am pre-loading the photos for my parents , I 'm resizing them for the frame . They look wonderful . The photo quality is great for the price - I was n't expecting High Definition on my budget .
 In this price this product is really very good . It has all functions u expect from a digital photo frame . Picture quality is not very good but its good . It did n't play video once i uploaded but may be , i would need to change the format . Sound quality is good . Remote is very cute . You can also hang this picture frame on wall . I love my first Digital Photo Frame and do n't have any complain : -RRB- Coby DP842-128 8.4-Inch Acrylic Digital Photo Frame with MP3 Player -LRB- White -RRB-
 I do n't know what to say about a product like this . It works , the price was great and it is durable . Perfect for what I had a need for . Did not want to spend too much money but still wanted a decent quailty product . I had so many phots and needed several frames this what great
 I got two of these when they ran a special price on them and hoped they would be usable by my techno-peasant wife and 82 year old Mom . I knew I would have to load the pics for them but was unsure if it would be too complicated for them to turn on and show off pics of grandkids . With a couple of caveats , it is great for my purposes . It charges quickly and holds a charge for a long time . It is easy to turn on and automatically goes to slideshow . The pics are clear and big enough to see well -LRB- I had previously purchased my wife a keychain model that was worthless -RRB- . It is easy to load pics but I would suggest cropping them and resizing them to less than 500 Megabites so that they are easier for this small processor to handle . It has a nice case to keep it from being scratched in their purses too . I may just get another for my daughter to carry pics of her cute kids .
 This is a nice purse sized photo album with good quality pictures . I found setup a little awkward and the ability to select individual pics cumbersome , needing a software upgrade , I think . Still , I have n't seen anything any better in this size at any price making it a reasonable choice to carry a bundle -LRB- up to 1000 -RRB- of pictures for a proud parent or grandparent .
 everything worked as advertised ... my elderly mother uses this all of the time and she has no problem operating it ... great investment for the family
 Got this as a present for my mom . She loved it . I did n't need any big features because my mom is technology handicapped so it works well for someone like her .
 I got this at a great price and it 's all it is advertised as . My girlfriend loves it as it also plays all her favorite song and videos .
 I bought this for my Mother for Mother 's Day . I scanned in lots of old pictures from her youth , and of our family growing up . She was delighted and sat watching for hours ! I could ' t have gotten her a better gift , than the gift of memories . I highly recommend the product , especially for Moms !!
 This picture frame was very easy to set up and use . The only complaint is that it sometimes adds in a random black screen during the slideshow . Other than that , I 've had no problems . It is a good frame for the price .
 This product is good , I bought it because I wanted to view both landscape and portrait sized photographs . The sound is too clear , even at the highest volume . It supports wide voltage ranges.I would have been more satisfied , if it had SDHC support , and the frame a bit more stylish .
 This product is an absolutely great value . It is feature rich and the big screen is eye popping .
 Bought this for christmas . Plays video as well . It has a standard LCD screen , to the average viewer , looks great . Also comes with remote . Ca n't beat this deal .
 Resolution not bad considering the size . Pretty affordable since it 's a coby , will playback video -LRB- with great frame rate -RRB- , built in speaker , lots of memory card options , even a usb jump drive . With that being said , probably the one thing that annoys me is that it does n't remember any of your slideshow settings , so if you turn it off , and you told it to repeat folder , you have to go back and change it again . Also , it does n't seem to like booting up with a usb stick already in , I have to turn it on first , let it see no memory , then plug the usb drive in .
 All the Coby picture frame reviews seemed to be combined . This one is for the 10.2 '' model , DP-102 . The manual says that the resolution is 800x480 , but some experimentation showed that it is closer to 860x480 . If a picture is some other resolution , like 640x480 , it will add black bars . If you make pictures 800x480 like the manual says , you 'll get black bars on the side.Getting files onto the Coby should be a breeze , since all you do is copy them to a memory card and stick it in the Coby.I had just ordered aSandisk 4GB MicroSDHC Memory Card with SD Adapterto use with theSansa View MP3 Player , so I put it into my computer copied a few files to it , stuck it in the Coby -- nothing . Coby does n't support microSD cards , even in an SD adapter.Next I got a 256MB Compact Flash card from an old digital camera , stuck it in the Coby , and hooked up the Coby 's USB cable . It said `` USB Connected '' but Windows -LRB- Vista -RRB- would n't show it . My old CF card reader wo n't work with Vista either , so I put the card back in the camera and hooked it to the computer via USB , copied files to it , put the card in the Coby , and BINGO -- pictures . I repeated the process to fill up the card with pictures and background music files and it works great.The speakers on the Coby are not great , but I anticipate only having the music on and turned down low when I want some background music when company is over and the speakers are fine for that.The 16:9 display is not the most convenient , but I did n't have any major problems converting pics over , cropping them to that format . Those that could not be cropped without messing them up , I just left in 4:3 format and let the Coby add the black bars.In addition to having background music during slideshows , other options include 8 different picture transitions -LRB- plus random -RRB- , random display or in order , and slideshow speed from 5 seconds to 24 hours . The remote control makes it a lot easier to set up the Coby than using the controls on the frame .
 Having owned a couple of other brands of digital frames -LRB- Ceiva , Philips , and a particularly crummy one that I ca n't remember the name of now -RRB- , I can say that the photo quality on this frame is simply stunning -LRB- HD-like -RRB- in its clarity . I do real estate web design , so much of my time is spent editing photos on a 30-inch Apple Cinema display , so I am particularly critical when it comes to image quality . And I admittedly do run all my images through Photoshop , but I have to say that this frame blows away all the others I 've seen over the years . Ca n't comment on this frame 's durability , as I have n't had it as long as some my others , but it appears to bear some craftsmanship ... at least on the outside.A couple of notes
 The coby photo frame was delivered fast . The product was all they said it was and Im very pleased with the purchase . I have had no problems programing it and have been able to teach the person I gave it to to operate it with no problems . Easy to use and looks great again a good experience all around .
 I was very pleased with the promptness of delivery as well as the overall product quality . The child I bought the gift for was very happy with her gift .
 The product was easy to use , easy to upload photos , has more than enough viewing options , and made my parents very happy when they received it as a Christmas gift . The only issue I had was that it was not clear that the memory was not included . That issue solved with $ 18 and a trip to Target . Amazon missed a sale there .
 For the price , this one does more than a more expensive metal frame from another company . Yes it 's plastic but it did n't matter . It was soooo easy to use and makes a wonderful gift for parents and grandparents !! As soon as I loaded some pictures and music and played the slideshow ... everyone cried ! The music capability really ads sentiment to your slideshow . I am ordering more now so I 'll have all my Christmas shopping done ! You can put different themed pictures on different memory cards too . For example , I 'm putting together a memory card for my parents of just pictures of them for their anniversary . For Christmas , I 'm going to put Christmas themed pictures together with Christmas music . Then you can change out the memory cards to go with the season . Then 10 '' screen is nice for those with less than perfect eyes . Although your pictures do n't always fill the whole screen . The picture quality is perfect for what it is and the price . I do n't usually fill out reviews when I shop but because I did the research on them , ordered two , compared them and chose this one , I thought I 'd share .
 This digital picture frame has a very good LCD display . As long as you resize your digital photos to match the resolution of 860X480 , the pics . will fill-up the frame . One drawback is your original pics . will be cropped . My 1 Gb CF card can display over a thousand pics . Color and brigthness are still good even if you view it 6 to 8 feet . If you want you can change the frame to wood if you are handy . Overall I 'm happy with this Coby DP102 .
 UPDATE
 Do n't pay attention to the 1 star review -LRB- `` bugs not worked out yet '' -RRB- . He must have not realized this frame has no internal memory . I have had this frame for two months and so far it is excellent . The resolution and brightness are great . The speakers are kind of `` tinny '' , but I was n't expecting too much in the audio department . The fact that this player has no internal storage is almost an advantage as far as I 'm concerned - Some people have complained about other models having a `` whirring '' sound coming from the hard drive , so you wo n't get that here and you can fit SO many high resolution pics on a decent sized memory card that I ca n't see the need for any internal storage . The oak frame has the look of an actual picture frame , which is what I wanted . The remote is a great addition . One small gripe is that there is no random mode for your music , so after shutting it off the music will start back up at the beginning ... no biggie .
 I researched frames for a while and this one has great picture quality . Very easy setup , just loaded pictures on sd card , turned on and started the slideshow . I did not use any of the other features before I sent it to my mom as a gift . She just has to turn it on and it starts the slideshow automatically , she said it is the greatest gift she has ever gotten , all of the grandkids pictures in one spot . I recommend that when buying a digital frame you get at least 800x600 display , anything less looks fuzzy and im very happy with this purchase
 I picked this up after having two Smartpart frames break on me . So far this is a great frame . I have n't had any problems , and it looks really good too . I really like being able to transfer photos from one source to another using the frame . Overall , I would recommend it .
 Very easy to use . Took all of 15 minutes to get it set up with photos installed to send to my parents . The best part is that as soon as they plugged it in and turned it on it spent 1 minute booting up and then the slide show ran with the settings that were saved . Since my parents are a bit technophobic it was the perfect set-up for them.They do n't use the MP3 player so I ca n't comment on that feature put the resolution is good , the picture is bright enough for their living room and so far it has n't had any glitches.I would recommend it , but be sure to purchase a SD card since the unit has no memory of its own .
 I bought this as a christmas present for my sister . We tried it out and the picture quality was very nice . The photo frame did not look cheap or chintzy like some of the other models out there . Just be cautioned that with larger sized picture files , the transition from one picture to the next is somewhat slow . The feature to show video with sound is a nice addition .
 I gave this to my son for Christmas . He found it to be easy to use and is enjoying it every day . One thing , you must remember to buy a memory card since one does not come with it . I highly recommend it .
 I purchased this as a Christmas present for my 85-year-old mother-in-law . We were pleased with the photo quality ; can be viewed from many different angles . I set up the slide show from an SD card in 5 minutes & showed Nana the on/off button ; that 's all she needs to know ! If she turns it off while the slide show is playing it will resume with the slide show when she turns it back on . The remote works well , the printed instructions are clear . The 2 included wooden frames are nice & heavy good quality . I am very happy with my choice -- I want another one for myself !
 I bought this item product for a friend and she has been raving about it since she recieved the item . I think that it makes a perfect gift given that now they do n't have to pay for prints and they can rotate through multiple pictures instead of just one . It makes the decision on which picture to frame a thing of the past .
 This is an awesome product . Wonderfully large , bright , brilliant . limits
 i sent this item to my aunt like 5 years ago and its still there . . she loved it . . i need to get one for myself very soon
 I bought it for my parents and it is working excellent . The delivery was on time , picture quality is great and it is easy to put files in it . . I recommend the purchase .
 This is great ! I photograph all the travels and wonderful memories . We have this in our living room . I download the photos on a flash drive . All I have to do is insert the flash drive and turn it on and a slide show presentation is given to see.This is excellent !
 Much better than I expected , easy to load , good picture quality . I got this for someone to make up for an absence , loaded it , and it made them cry -LRB- in a good way -RRB-
 I gave this as a gift and was skeptical because of the very low price . I felt I had probably been duped into buying a paperweight . BOY WAS I WRONG ! This frame is great , I have used other Coby products as well and they are awesome . This worked great and my mother loves it !
 I was very pleased with this product and this seller . It shipped faster than I expected and the frame was very attractive and easy to use . It 's simple to set up and the display is clearer than I expected it to be . I would definitely buy this product again .
 I chose this item because of its size , appearance , features , and the fact that it had gotten good reviews . One important feature was that it has sound . Not all digital frames have that option , and for me this was important . The frame was a gift for my sister , who has vision problems . She called me on Christmas Day and was so very , very happy . The pictures were bright , clear , and large enough for her to see without trouble . She told me she was viewing pictures that she had n't been able to see for a very long time . I will be sending her pictures and video of the family here in CA via flash drives now . How much easier could this be ?! I love it !
 I 've studied digital photo frames for about 2 years . I 've purchased 4 frames . This one is one of the best . The two most important features to me are Screen Brightness/Contrast , and the ability to display images in random order with variable transitions . This frame does it all . It 's an excellent frame . I like the idea that they designed it to be able to swap the wood frame for another custom designed one . -LRB- The one furnished is not a standard size , but comes off , so you could have another one made to fit , from framing stock if you like -RRB- I like the 4:3 format , which is the standard of many digital cameras . You do not have to crop images to fill up the full frame . Photos from other cameras that shoot 3:2 or 16:9 aspect ratio will have to be cropped and saved as new files on the frame , or the top/bottom or sides will display as black bars , where that area of the screen is not used , in order to get the photo to fit the display area of the screen . I prefer to use the full area of the screen for maximum impact , so I suggest cropping these other aspect ratio impages to properly fit the screen and display full screen . It only takes a minute per image , but makes a dramatic difference in the appearance on screen . All images should be resized to reduce the memory space on the photo frame built-in memory or on a flash memory card . For instance , standard 10 Megapixel images of 4:3 aspect ratio may take up 2.5 to 3 Megabytes per image , but when resized make take up about 10 Percent or so of the original file size , and will not appear any different on the screen . -LRB- The full resolution , full size digital photo details can not be recognized on such a small screen as 8.4 inch , so there is no advantage to keeping the large , original file size . They just waste space that could be used by more photos.Weaknesses - Not many , but it does have one . The screen brightness drops off away from the centerline , vertically especially , but also horizontally at around , I 'm estimating -RRB- 30 to 40 Degrees from centerline . It 's more noticeable in the vertical dimension.Overall , you wo n't find disappointment with this digital photo frame . It 's good great features and terrific value.Glenn in Louisiana
 we gave away 6 of these as christmas gifts . they were all funtioonal and worked great . we love the ease of use as we gave them with a preloaded sd card to less techinical and a much older audience . everyone was able to use .
 I do n't know what this product is or what it does , but my wife says she loves it . She received it for a Christmas present and said it was very easy to use and did not require a lot of time to display photos.Happy customer with a happy wife !
 this is an awsome product . i love to watch the pictures . it is a sweet product .
 No troubles with this so far . Made a great Christmas gift . Resizes the pictures for you with decent quality . Resize them yourself only if you see one you do n't like , or want to conserve space on the memory card to fit more pictures.I get nervous buying the low-cost items like this , and felt relieved to see this one works well .
 It seems to be a really nice product - I gave it as a gift - the person receiving the gift was very pleased .
 Coby DP-758 7-Inch Widescreen Digital Photo FrameGood product for the price , Have n't had a chanch to use all the features as of yet but so far everything seems good .
 An excellent digital display with crisp , clean pictures . Add your own music to go with the slideshow if you wish with built in mp3 player . I would recommend this product .
 I use this in my storefront window advertising my wares . It works well so far and is easy to use , in fact dead easy .
 I like this frame photo , it 's so cool!I aprove this product , easy to use and beautiful !
 This digital photo frame is AWESOME !!!!! It has a clear and crisp screen . Does horizontal and vertical photos . Lot 's of options and it even plays MP3 's well . It also had an extra frame you could snap on . I was very impressed with how the pictures looked on the screen . Good deal and for my first digital photo frame I really like it a lot . Good value , great options , pictures look good on screen , and it was n't that expensive . I would recommend this brand for starters and the company .
 Do n't care that it 's not USB or XP-compliant . I am using it as just a UPS and it really paid for itself during that recent power outage in the Northeast.I was online and I noticed the room lights went out . Yet I was still connected because my PC was running on the UPS . I was able to remain online for about 20 minutes whereby I read news stories about the power outage , as it was happening.A nice feature is that it has 8 outlets , not the customary 6 . It is very heavy - I was very surprised that Amazon offered free shipping on it .
 I have two of these and they both work fine for my needs . One is plugged into Tivo and the DirectTV box because they take so friggin long to boot up after an outage , and the other is connected to my Sun Fire V120 server . Admittedly , this is n't a high-end server , and I had to splice together an RJ-45 to Cat-5 serial cable to install the Unix daemon -LRB- available on their website -RRB- , but it serves my needs perfectly . None of the bricks have ever run out of power , so the battery life is certainly adequate for an average computer.If the lack of a USB cable is a problem for some , perhaps they do n't understand that serial connections are older and therefore much more reliable than USB connections . USB is adequate for MP3 players , but it is too unreliable for a utility that 's meant to protect your system from damage .
 This is the third Belkin SERIAL UPS I have purchased . -LRB- ... -RRB- You need to set up the Software and do some tweaking to your liking , and they work like a charm.Now , I just purchased this unit and it works great just as expected on a fully loaded machine.I also have some APC UPS units - I 'll take the Belkins any day over them.Just FOLLOW DIRECTIONS , set up your Software , and listen to that sexy sounding lady with the English accent tell you the status of your UPS while it 's safely shutting down your Computer ... Now that 's living ! : - -RRB-
 That 's what I needed to keep my kids amused during car trips ! Picture is razor sharp and sound is so pure . It turns my van into a small theatre when we play it ! My kids love it and they always tell their friends about it . The other good thing about it is that it 's mobile , so I can move it quickly and easily between the two vehicles . I recommend it . A + + + + +
 I was really pushing the limits of my mid-range Monster surge protector with 2 TVs , a 2.4 Gig P4 with desktop TV , DSL , two printers , and ... drumroll please ... a fridge all crammmed into a corner office setup about 7 ' wide . The Belkin Gold unit with RF/EMI suppression up to 75db cured all the rattle and hum problems with speakers , satellite signal , the `` dirty '' line into my modem , and a week later I have n't had to reboot my system once . Amazing!I had already had a great experience with a Belkin SurgeMaster on my Home Theater setup , so I went one level up with this `` Gold '' unit . One of the better investments I 've made lately . I paid $ 60 at the local Office Depot , the price Amazon is advertising is ridiculously low at $ 35 . Belkin.com 's price is about $ 70 so my advice is to buy this unit now before somebody at Amazon wakes up and jacks the price .
 I was pricing surge protectors for my home theatre setup , when I saw this one on Amazon.com . Initially , I thought it would not be as good as some of its competitors , namely Monster equipment , but after researching it , I discovered it is just as good , if not better , and a LOT cheaper to purchase . The product comes with an unlimited guarantee for your electronic equipment if it is ever damaged because of a surge . That is impressive . Do n't be fooled by the price , compare the specifications before you buy . One other feature I really like is that it has four coaxial connections -LRB- 2 input and 2 output -RRB- so you can feed the UHF/VHF TV signal and the cable/satellite signal as well .
 About a week after I installed the SurgeMaster storms were forecast and I unplugged the electronics but forgot to umplug the phone lines . We had a nearby lightning strike which fried my cordless phone and blasted apart a DSL phone filter but my DSL modem , which was protected by the SurgeMaster , was OK .
 excellent product . the actual outlets have a safety feature , sliding up closing outlets you are n't using . my only complaint is it also has the capability for being hung on the wall - it has holes in the back , but it did n't come with any appropriate sized screws .
 this cable is working every day , all day . It does what I bought it to do . I would buy again .
 Further : I am curious if this Kodachrome 200 is delivered with a developping envelope for Europe ... Please tell me . pj@steinmeijer.net
 My APC Replacement BF350 UPS Battery works perfectly glad that I was able to get it quickly now I can use my electronics without any worries of them getting damaged by power outages .
 This set up has already saved us from a dead main battery . Separates the secondary -LRB- stereo power -RRB- battery and saves a call for a jump.I think we need one for our other show car too !
 This is a gray 6-foot long USB cable . Other than a cable tag and some colored o-rings -LRB- for color-coding your USB cables and ports -RRB- , it does what it 's intended to do . Not exciting , but functional . Wish it were black .
 I own this GPS . It does tell you what street you are turning onto , if you read the instructions and set it right . It is a bit bulky but for my non-tech savvy wife it is great . Youcan do almost everything withour the stylus expect type in the address . It is a bit dated on the streets but with all of the construction going on what model is n't . It is great for the price and if you do n't mind the size .
 Very good quality and value for the price after rebate . Only downsides are `` 1 . Size-it is very large and you will want to hook it to a wireless and stash it somewhere out of the way .2 . I `` wakes itself up '' every so often when not being used and runs for a 5 seconds . This is very loud and annoying .3 . Since Lexmark is very big on copyprotecting its cartridges and bring lawsuits against anyone who trys to make generics for them , you will not be able to find affordable replacements , so ebay or toss it when the cartridges run out .
 Quality of the print is excelent.The 6k cartridges should last for an average user a pretty long time and the refill costs are comparable to other brands . Hopefully you do not have to replace the cartridges at one time.Anyhow the best is that the cartridges are not drying out as with inkjets -LRB- I had to trow out four ink jet printers because they dryed out -RRB- . Another factor that made me to pick this printer is the speed which is at least two times than other leading brands in the same price range.A small negative is that if in standby it takes about 1.6 minutes to start printing the first page but for me it 's not a problem as the printer is in another room so until I get to pick it up is done.Pros
 Got the printer for a great price - the internet web server allows for configuring the printer in numerous ways while the quality of the print is great .
 I like the printer , it would be perfect if it was n't for the paper jams .
 I 've had this printer for well over a year and am still on the original cartridges . I do not use it for business , just for our homeschool and general light home use . I also have a B&W ; Brother Laser we use for most of our B&W ; printing.I bought it for the networking features and because of the great rebate they had at the time . I 'm not looking forward to the day I need to buy new cartridges , as doing this will certainly cost more than the printer cost me in the first place!Also on the down side , it is noisy and huge.Printing has been fine . We have n't had issues with jamming or streaking .
 This printer is exceptionally fast in both B/W and color and the quality of the color printing is outstanding . I just finished a church photo membership directory on this printer and I got a standing ovation , countless emails , etc. about the photos -LRB- both photography and printing -RRB- . Because this printer is so inexpensive to operate , the directories cost about 25 % less than I initially estimated . Replacement cartridges are very expensive and refilling them yourself is not a walk in the park . I would recommend most people NOT do it .
 Our office uses this printer , and also the similar Lexmark C530.We have been very satisfied . Reliable , and VERY good print quality.It has the occasional jam , like all printers , but it 's generally pretty reliable.Quirks : - no third-party toners available , must buy Lexmark brand.-Toner `` Low '' trigger is too soon -LRB- turns on when there 's still hundreds of pages left -RRB- - printer part `` Waste Toner Bin '' expired , and nobody had it in stock , INCLUDING LEXMARK , for 2 months . It 's $ 20 , so better to have one on hand instead of waiting ! - Paper tray should really hold more paper .
 Never paid less for more ... Plug and play set-up for Apple user . Awesome black & white text and graphics . Color graphics are beautiful . We 've pushed the printer 's limits -- printing photos with subtle color variation -LRB- think body of water -RRB- at letter sized . If you look carefully at these prints , you can discern vertical bars of color and some uneveness.Its a little louder than I expected and bigger . But fits on top of rolling file cart .
 FAST laser printer ... excellent quality ... mostly for small businesses ... too big for home use .
 The Magellan Roadmate Universal floor mount was a snap to install . All I had to do was loosen one seat bolt at the front of the passengers seat rail , slide the bracket under the bolt , tighten it down again and done ! The flexible gooseneck allows me to position the unit so I can easily access it while not interfering with the passenger nor obstructing my view as would be the case if mounted on the windshield .
 I have not been able to find another floor mounted device holder anywhere else . I dislike windshield mounted devices ; the windshield is not within reach for me . This mounts to a bolt that secures your front seat.I wish that it had been just a little longer , but , for the most part , am very satisfied .
 The `` Matchbox Melodies , Carousel '' music box is very cute and has a very pretty sound.Winding the music box is accomplished by sliding the `` matchbox '' open to the left -LRB- gently ... read the instructions -RRB- and turning the key . The motion and music are activated by sliding open the `` matchbox '' to the right . When open , the song plays -LRB- an abbreviated version -RRB- as the motion turns the scene . The figures are plastic , but are fairly detailed and look very nice . My only complaint is that the horses are a little hard to see since the scene is below the sides of the box.The body of the `` matchbox '' case is also mostly plastic so I am not sure how durable it will be in the long run , but with gentle use it should hold up well.Overall a good value and a nice addition to our collection . Recommended !
 This is a beautiful box , nice detail and great song , it doesnt last very long and I wish it had the song name printed on it somewhere but it please my 80 year old aunt who has everything !
 This is a cute little wind up music box with a carousel and horses . For the price it will make a great up-coming stocking stuffer . very old fashioned looking and the matchbox design is reminiscent of the old days . Great buy for what I got .
 I have only had the HP zv5240us for a week so it is somewhat premature to review it but I figured I would provide my initial findings . The bottome-line ; you ca n't beat the price for what you get . So far I have had minimal problems . I had a problem with my wireless network connection disconnecting , but that appeared to be a Windows XP problem that was fixed with the help of HP Tech Support . As for performance , my biggest concern was the 4200 rpm HD . I do video editing with Adobe Premier 6.5 and I figured I would tax the system and see how the 4200 rpm drive could handle Premier . As expected , while capturing , frames were dropped , but it took alot to drop them . I had my Sony VX2000 video camera connected directly to the computer through the firewire cable and began capturing . The first test I performed consisted of slow and smooth pans and zooms on still objects with no frames dropped . I increased camera movement speed until frames began to drop . Although frames were dropped , the movement required to drop them was much faster than what I would consider to be standard videography practices and close to the point of nauseating . I also ran the same tests with an external 7200rpm HD and no matter what I did with the camera movement I could not get frames to drop . With the 4200rpm HD , I also rendered a short 20 or 30 second clip in Premier and it seemed to work fine . The clip consisted of dissolve transitions as well as some footage with adjusted speeds .
 GREAT BANG FOR YOUR BUCK . CA N'T GO WRONG . A VERY SOLID WORKHORSE .
 Although the specs say 533MHz FSB , the 3.0 MHz P4 that HP dropped under the hood is the Hyper-Threading enabled 800 Mhz FSB variant on 90 nm process technology ! Intel 's Frequency ID Utility proves it . Also , the Mobile Radeon 9000 uses 128MB , double the 64MB advertised . All in all , this mid-priced desktop replacement notebook is a real winner ! If you want a multi-tasking powerhouse , get one of these wide-screen beauties ! Thanks HP ! -LRB- from a BIG kid ! -RRB-
 Although some of the reviews are approaching four years old , the words are still true -- as of 2004 this player has the best picture quality of * any * portable DVD/LCD player EVER . At 5.9 '' it does n't have the biggest screen nor does it have the most pixels . What it does have is an incredible picture quality that is unmatched by many larger home plasma and LCD televisions and no other DVD/LCD player.It 's that good.The later portables by Toshiba ca n't touch it . Panasonics and Samsungs do n't come close . Minteks , Sonys , whatever else do n't even rate . The SD-P1000 's viewing angle is acceptable and the contrast ratio is quite good . The color accuracy is outstanding . No adjustments to the picture -LRB- except for backlight brightness -RRB- are available and are not needed . I ca n't technically state why this player looks so good but the secret has to be the quality of the LCD screen . It is special . Perhaps it is a screen used by Toshiba in its Libretto series of pocket computers . In any event , the later , larger screens by Toshiba are not as good -- poor consrast ratio and viewing angle.This player passes Avia and DVE test DVDs with ease . Excellent color and geometry . Incredible detail.Downsides ? The battery arrangement is a bit clumsy and the battery is , of course , proprietary -LRB- why ca n't they make these packs accept a bunch of replacable AA NiMH cells ? -RRB- . The remote is bit large . There are few controls on the player so the remote is * needed * . The player can get a bit hot . Battery life is n't the longest -- good for one two hour movie and not much more.Still , even with the downsides , the amazingly detailed , smooth , colorful picture produced by the Toshiba SD-P1000 makes one forget the shortcomings and just enjoy the beauty of the movie .
 I bought the unit specifically to fly with . Which I have n't done yet . However , plopped in front of my treadmill , both the Toshiba and my treadmill are being used daily . And I 've dropped 11 pounds in 2 weeks , so the investment was well worth the price.The picture quality is incredible , better than any unit I was able to find , especially the newer , higher priced Toshiba 8 '' unit . The built in sound is `` eh '' , but using my noise cancelling head phones , the overall results are spectacular.Im not too happy with the 9x16 movie display on a 5.8 '' screen , however the zoom feature improves the film quality tremendously . If you are a purist , and insist on 9x16 use the system on your large screen TV . -LRB- Yes , you will need to use the klunky remove unit to reset the aspect ratio -RRB- Would I buy this unit again ? In a heart beat . My only complaint is that the price dropped within weeks of my purchace , but when it comes to electronics , that is to be expected . All of the plusses listed in the above reviews are correct . So are the negatives . In this world , do n't expect perfection . But for inflight entertainment , this should be great . And for couch potatoes who what their movies without a shred of guilt , use it infront of a treadmill . -LRB- `` Titanic '' alone is good for almost 2 pounds of blubber -RRB- Now , can anyone confirm that the Portege 3000/etc . inflight power adapters do indeed work with this machine?Dr . H
 I 've owned this player for a year now . Overall , it is a very good player , best LCD picture display and excellent progressive scan picture on a digital TV . Decent sound from small speakers . Light and good looking . I purchased the players at Fry 's . DTS output did not work out of the box , AC-3 worked fine . Fry 's replaced it twice with the same problem . This is where the nightmare with Toshiba support began . It took two months of going back and forth with Toshiba for them to admit that there was something wrong with the DTS output . They said they were going to replace the unit , well they did not , which is fine . But I wished they did what they said they were going to do . They fixed it by doing a software upgrade . DTS works fine now.Some downsides are the expensive and short battery life , position of buttons , your are likely to turn the player on by just picking it up if you forget to lock the buttons . Lack of play controls from the player . Large remote control . The size and location of the battery makes the player very unbalanced . The player gets very hot . I own other Toshiba products and they are very good . I ca n't say the same for their very incompetent customer support .
 I bought this for my daughter 's family to use on long trips . The picture quality is great . A real hit ! Drawbacks - The base does become hot and the battery is bulky . Other than that , a great player for the price .
 This is a great -LRB- almost -RRB- portable player . It has a teriffic picture !! The best I 've seen and the sound is very good . Easy hook-up to TVs . Screen is a little small compared to others but it is n't a problem . You seem to see picture details you do n't on others or regular TVs.The downside is you need to carry the fullsize remote , the battery is clunky and the unit gets hot . It does n't have an car adapter although the adaptors for several notebooks -LRB- Libretto 100/110 and Portege 3000/3010/3020 / 3110 -RRB- should work because they use the same AC Adaptor . Toshiba car adaptor that should work is part #DPS 50 but good luck finding it . Try an DC to AC inverter such as Linksys L03040 , currently -LRB- 8/6/01 -RRB- a good price here at Amazon .
 -LRB- ... -RRB- great size . wish it had a car adapter
 Iv ' e seen this player at best buy or somewhere . The picture is great , but you could buy seven screen on Amazon.com for a little less then what other web sites ar selling it for.But if you want a good player this is the one for you .
 This is , hands down , the best portable DVD player currently on the market . Unlike other portable players which use more primitive LCD screens , the SDP1000 uses a polysilicon TFT screen similar to a laptop computer screen . There is far more detail , far better rendering of colors and a brighter picture than any of its rivals . The progressive scan picture is absolutely stunning and film-like . I ca n't wait to see it connected to a digital TV . The 5.8 '' screen is smallish when compared to the generation of DVD players that are available today , but I 'd take the Toshiba , with its fine picture over a rival player with a larger screen any day.Having said that , there are some features that need a second look . Many controls , such as the ability to skip to the next chapter or selecting subtitles , etc. can only be accessed by the remote control . This means that if you 're sitting in an airplane seat you may have to manipulate the player as if you 're a couch potato at home . I wish Toshiba put a greater array of controls directly on the player or at least made the remote smaller -LRB- it 's as big as any remote I have at home -RRB- . I 'm also somewhat disappointed in the battery life . Toshiba rates the battery at 2.5 hours , which is just enough to watch most movies . Because the battery is an outboard design that attaches to the rear of the player , perhaps they 'll be able to build a bigger one down the road . One word of caution , if the battery is attached to the player and you accidentally press one of the controls while a DVD is in a closed player , the machine will turn on . I discovered this characteristic while on a flight to Europe recently when I reached into by backpack and found the DVD player already turned on . It 's best to leave the battery detached until you 're ready to watch a movie.Finally , I 'm disappointed that Toshiba has n't made any of the accessories available as of this writing . This includes an extra battery or the ATAPI cord that allows the player to be used as a DVD-ROM drive . I 'm hoping that when Toshiba releases an 8 '' version of this player that those accessories will become available . Unfortunately , Toshiba does n't sell any accessories itself so I 'll be scanning the retailers ' stock often.I have discovered that the auto/airline cord for the Toshiba Portege 3100 computer can be used on this player.These deficiencies aside , the Toshiba SDP1000 is an amazing player that performs head and shoulders above its competitors .
 OK , I have used this GREAT DVD player for about a month and here 's an update to my previous review above.PRO : First , there is NO BETTER PICTURE available on any portable DVD player I have seen before or after purchasing this model -LRB- I 've now compared about 20 -RRB- . Do n't buy another brand without at least looking at the picture on the Toshiba at the same time as another brand . Again , use the `` credit test '' , i.e. go to the end of the movie and look at the movie credits , see the amazing difference ! Also , I have a DVD player on my laptop -- this player beats the pants off it as well.Second , picture is so good that it 's 5.8 in screen is easier for me to watch than a 7 inch screen . More amazing -- when I watched `` Crouching Tiger , Hidden Dragon '' on my FULL SIZE 27 '' , I prefered the Toshiba picture ! It 's simply that clear -LRB- HDTV equivalent -RRB- . Third , even though many advanced functions require the remote control , almost all basic play , pause , skip scene functions are available on the unit itself . My 8 and 10 year olds had no problem using just the player on a recent trip in our van.Fourth , picture is acceptable from 45 degree viewing angle , but not much more than that . Better than most units I looked at , however.Fifth , all cords , wires , headphone , and other connections are included -LRB- including one to a Toshiba laptop computer PCMCIA card , which is yet to be sold ! -RRB- Finally , the sound system -LRB- simulated 3D -RRB- is very nice . Sounds great.CONSFirst , unit gets very hot -LRB- known issue by Toshiba -- so do n't get shocked the first time you feel it -RRB- . Toshiba warns not to put it on your lap . I agree , it feels like an clothing iron set on low -LRB- permanent press -RRB- setting , much hotter than my laptop . On the other hand , we used thick velcro tape -LRB- with sticky glue back -RRB- on the bottom sides of the unit to mount it on our cooler in the our caravan -- worked fine , velcro stayed attached . Heat point is directly under center of unit , not on sides.Second , I still have not been able to confirm if Toshiba Portege 31xx laptop auto/air cord works on this player -LRB- was in a previous review on this site -RRB- . In our van , we 're using a 12VDC to 120VAC converter , THEN using the included Toshiba SD-P1000 AC to DC converter . Not most convenient arrangement , but it works.Finally , battery is bulky and can only be used for one and a half movies . Wish it had a longer use OR additional batteries were cheaper ... Hope this helps .
 This posting is to confirm that the Toshiba Portege 3100 auto/air adapter will safely power this DVD player . It uses the exact same plug and has the same voltage/amperage rating . I use a Targus universal auto/air adapter and plug No. 27 will work on this player . I 've been using it since the beginning of the year on many airline flights with no problems -LRB- and a lot of envious looks from fellow passengers -RRB- .
 My friend bought a Panasonic player last year for about . When I showed him the picture quality of this Toshiba , he was amazed . He did n't realize how poor his unit was until he watched mine . And he also commented on how much better the speakers sounded . The scan lines are very apparent on the Panasonic , and the Toshiba 's is like a photograph . I admit that his battery life is a lot better than the Toshiba , but I 'm guessing that the screen consumes more juice than his also . When the accessories are available , I 'll be buying a spare battery .
 I compared all the portable DVD players and none of the other DVD players could hold a candle to the picture quality of the Toshiba . The polysilicon TFT , progressive scan screen is a marvel to behold . Using headphones the sound quality is magnificent . Compare the other portable DVD screens , and I 'm sure you will be sold on the Toshiba SD-P1000 .
 Awaiting my Toshiba SDP-1000 in the mail . I looked at and compared about 10 models in various stores and the Toshiba stood out -- by far -- as the best picture.I also use a test that many others use -- the credit test . Go to the movie credits at the end and compare the print between portable DVDs . On some , you can not read the credits ... on the Toshiba almost every line is clear and readable . ...
 Took my new Toshiba portable DVD to work today to see if I was the only one totally amazed by the spectacular color display and and sound system . Could n't get it away from my co-workers , many of whom are very fussy about their audio and video products . All agreed this is one terrific performing product .
 I have looked high and low and this one is it for the picture ! I can see things in the background that are not visible on any others that I have seen.I view many subtitled movies and I can read the subtitles without any problems on this machine.My first concern is picture quality and although this model does not allow color/tint/brightness adjustments , none are needed . The picture is perfect ! The bad side is , that 's it , Every thing else about this player I do not like .1 -RRB- the ugly shade of green2 -RRB- poor sound quality out of the built in speakers3 -RRB- low audio output from the built in speakers4 -RRB- you must keep the remote with you if you want to use any functions -LRB- slow mo/skip/etc -RRB- There is NO reason to have a remote controll for a portable DVD player in my opinion !!!! or allow ALL functions to be accessed via the player if a remote must be included !! 5 -RRB- yup , it gets hot6 -RRB- seems very fragile when holding7 -RRB- no status indicator to let you know the battery level8 -RRB- big battery with a short life ...
 Well , what can I say ?? I paid -LSB- a -RSB- measly sum plus tax for this extremely fine example to take back to Switzerland with me . I know it only plays region 1 discs but that is no problem as I own over 150 region 1 discs . Now back to the player , My friends were amazed at the picture quality so much that one decided to by one.I agree with earlier comments that the battery is too bulky and not enough juice . But all this aside it is one great player that will always impress . Buy it !!! You wo n't regret it . ...
 First and foremost , the dimensions of the bag are completely inaccurate.The product description states that it 's 20.5 '' x 15 '' x 7.75-12 .75 '' . The bag comes with a product tag attached to it that reflects closer to what it really is
 I just bought one of these for my Brother in Law after carrying one around Iraq and Afghanistan these last 3 years . The bag is solidly built and still shows no signs of wear and tear .
 This bag is everything I had hoped it would be
 I found this laptop bag to be everything the discription said , and then some ! There are a lot of complaints about the buckles on the strap . Frankly , I do n't see what people had problems with the buckles . They seem pretty heavy duty to me . Another plus for this bag is that , it came with an identification tag -LRB- dog tag ! -RRB- with USMC embossed on the back ! Very cool . The only problem I had was with the colors . Make sure you look up the color name on Google before you order the laptop case . Luckily , I did , and I love the color . If your thinking of getting a heavy duty laptop bag , look no further !
 The item was just as described nothing spectacular or out of the ordinary . It does exactly what it is supposed to do .
 EVERYTHING came and everyting was perfect :-RRB- very pleased . will definitely recommend to a friend . the only thing I would change is that you should get a screen protector too . but that 's not an issue , they 're like what $ 2 . I just needed to make this 20 words long . lol
 Perfect protector for my product from the past , for now . Looks great . Easy to manage operation of myPlayer .
 Seems a very good product . I like it a lot.I wished I knew more about the formats of the data it could handle / work with . Being more familiar with the operations manual OR having had a player before would have likely helped also.Thank you .
 The skin fits the Sansa just right . The only negative I have is the wheel is just a little harder to spin because of the raised , rubbery skin . That should n't stop you from having a skin to protect your player . Bottom line
 it works fine . It is a bit thin , so -1 star for that . But it 's overall just fine , and I 'd still recommend it .
 Silicon Soft Skin + Belt Clip + Lanyard.The skin fits perfectly.The included lanyard was really a pleasant surprise.I never use a belt clip so ca n't comment about it.It will be really a nice thing for your Sansa . recommended !
 I can not believe I found everything that I need in one place , saved me time and money . I was surprised that everything worked with my sansa model . Everything is great and interchangable , I can not be happier . And I am sooooo very happy to find this seller with everything I needed to make my sansa boogie . Whoo hoo
 Nothing particularly fancy about the connector . It appears to be decently built and it performs the task I bought it for adequately .
 Cheap and does the job just fine ! I bought a couple of these just to have around b/c I hate having to order them and wait when I need them .
 I ordered this to connect a video card i got , the quality is ok , but sadly my video card stopped working -LRB- check my review for HIS ICEQ 7850 -RRB-
 as yo can think i give 5 stars because i have no complains it is not awsome just you get what u need so it ie recomended by the way i no longer need it i adquire a nw PSU but when i needed it works
 Overall , the reader is an excellent unit . Based on NewEgg 's users , they reported some SD/miniSD/microSD were having problems with the reader . From my experiences , none so far with a variety of SD/MiniSD but no microSD yet.First Impression : When I looked at this out of the box , it does n't pop out at me as anything special . Just like my older SD/miniSD card reader that I 've purchase on Amazon and eBay . BUT , it all changes the second I got the chance to play with it.Appearance can be deceiving : Rather than being regular size memory card reader , it actually has a double-sided -LRB- 3 ports total -RRB- card reader , ranging from the normal SD and MMC to the microSD and microMMC . I can use all 3 ports for my cards . The kicker is , unlike my suspicion that the cards will be sticking out of the reader , they all actually sit within the reader , with both caps snapped into place neatly , without any protrusion problem what-so-ever . The lids for the ports are nice and tight , preventing any probability of the cards from falling out , IF , the cards can slide out of the retention plastic holder on each port . The semi-clear retention strips are actually card guiders for easy removal of the media card . Where have this design when I needed it a few years back . If tend to lose the USB connector cap from your reader like those cheapy $ 2 or $ 5 reader , this is it . Kingston actually put some thinking into having a retention line to it . It may act like a keychain holder , but I would n't use it to place on a keychain . The line is not as strong as one may think . Neverthless , the cap has a 4-plastic slits which do a great job holding the cap on the USB connector , but that extra feature in keeping the cap from getting lost , KUDOS Kingston.Read / Write capability : If you have a problem with the Read/Write speed , it 's not the reader , but rather , the media you 've purchased . I 've used a media transferring rate monitoring software , and tested on various SD/miniSD brands and storage sizes , from 512MB to 4GB + , from normal SD or SDHC , from class 1 to Class 6 , and ultra classes -LRB- SanDisk Extreme III -RRB- . What ever the class it indicates on the media you 've purchased , that the speed of your media in writing mode -LRB- Class 2 is 2MB/s , Class 6 is 6MB/s , and the SanDisk Extreme is 7MB/s , including the generic 150X which tops out at 7.25 MB/s -RRB- . The reader supports any media that can attain up to 480Mb/s -LRB- 40MB/s -RRB- read/write capability , which surprises me . Most cheap readers out there will attain 480Mb/s reading speed , but never writing -LRB- 250Mb/s which is 25MB/s -RRB- or less . Nice one Kingston.Intellectual approach : In the reader 's package , Kingston staff that came up with the unit were thinking hard and well . Why ? For most of us who purchased the compact desktop system from HP and Dell , the front USB ports were designed at a slant , flushing into the body of the system , which prevented us from inserting the less-compacted USB devices to the front USB ports properly . On top of that , the USB ports were placed so close together , you can only use one USB device connection at a time . So , thanks to the dimwits who designed the systems ' casing without proper thinking for normal operations , Kingston provided a USB A-to-A 2.5 inches adapter cable . That $ 1.50 cable makes all the difference for connecting to the front USB ports . KUDOS Kingston . You got my vote the `` Device Design and Packaging of the Year '' . Compatibility : So far , all PCs , MACs , and Linux read this unit , on all operating system that can support USB storage media and readers . Media cards from 512MB to 4GB + from companies such as Kingston , A-Data , Ridata , TopRam , SamSung , SanDisk , and quite a bit of generics out there work with this reader.Stay away from moisture : Like all media and hardware , once exposed to moisture , it 's done for . First goes your media , since area with a high moisture content and humidity of 90 % , it will fail . The reader actually gone through the rough environment , and still functioning , although , I ca n't say the same for the media.High-G impacts : I 'm a clumsy guy , and tends to drop things like there 's no tomorrow . The device shell handles the drops nicely , and the internal hardware , not much of it , work flawlessly after the drops.Don ' t play in the sun : Like most electronic device , do n't let your device sit under the sun . It may be a cheap unit to replace , but a bit of care will prevent you from shelling out another $ 15 for the device every few months . It will still work after sitting in a 120 degree F environment for a few days , but , try to bring it with you when ever possible . It 's not indestructible .
 It does what I need it to do . Nothing special about . I have since move on to a 2GB one thought , but this 1GB is perfect for when I want to download photos so I can take them to the drug store for printing .
 Si manejas diversos tipos de memorias es muy util y versatil . me permite bajar las fotografias de mi camara rapidamente a mi pc .
 Let me first say that I 've used a lot of digital multimedia devices , so I know what I 'm talking about . Most of them are 3 '' and 320X240 even the PDA 's available are of that resolution . So getting a 640X480 on a 3.7 '' screen is simply amazing , the pictures are very sharp , clear and vivid . I have n't seen any PDA , jukebox , multimedia device show better pictures . So naturally I 've used this as a portable album , and with 20gb of storage I transferred all the pictures I 've ever taken !! Other than using this a picture viewer , the music jukebox is great with a novelty feature of being able to make remixes -LRB- motion based picture effects -RRB- . Having said all this I 'd like to summarize the pros and cons , so hopefully in the future they can make this into the IDEAL product and you buy it for the right reasons : PROS : ================= - best picture viewing device -LRB- colors are limited maybe ~ 65K -RRB- the screen is so sweet , i 've tagged this along as a portable album , and everybody was amazed by the pics - 640X480 pixels on 3.7 '' which translates to ~ 210dpi , rendering very sharp , clear , vivid images on screen - good music player - awesome futuristic touchscreen , will make everyone go `` wow ! '' - music output quality is great , volume is great - has equalizers , music categories , filtering etc - headphones are better than ipod 's - included remote with LCD is very convenient especially when you 've got this thing hooked up to your car - digital camera is a bonus to all this - can be used as portable storage without any drivers on any pcCONS : ============ - although they advertise the digital camera feature a lot , it 's not even better than a cell phone camera , so do n't expect much from the camera , you ca n't take good pictures with it . - you are bound to using their SYNC software which is a major pain . It would 've been a lot easier to do file drag 'n' drop - the SYNC software is very annoying , if you remove something from you hard disk , it will be removed from the device when you SYNC again , so this ca n't be used to backup all your songs , if you loose it in your hard drive , you 'll loose it here as well . - the SYNC software renames all pictures and music - If this thing could be used as a usb host for `` on the go '' -LRB- OTG -RRB- transfer of pictures from another usb to this device , it would 've been perfect , I would 've bought 2 of these . This way you could take pics with your digital camera filling up a card , then transfer them here , and view -LRB- a lot better viewing because size and res of screen -RRB- or delete the ones you do n't like . - can not be charged using the usb cable , has to use the dock - battery life with screen on all the time is not good , about3 hours at most - limited viewing angle for screen , seems like you 're seeing a negative if tilted a bit .
 The m : robe 500 is a great toy . I got it as a birthday present and think its very useful and fun . I mostly use it to listen to music but sometimes I take quick snapshots with it . The m : robe is great ! However it has many flaws . The idea of Olympus is especially creative because I have never found a mp3 player that is combined with a camera with touchscreen ! It 's even 20 GB.The pros : - cameras really fun and handy just for snapshots-m : trip software -LRB- comes with the m : robe -RRB- is easy to use-touchscreens really convenient-screens huge-music playback has great sound quality-remote control is convenient-2o GB storage-the remix cube is way fun to play with-looks way hot-scratches and dents do n't show up well!The cons : - screen can only be viewed in some angles-it takes a while to load after you turn it on-there are n't very many accessories for it in the market-it only comes with a pouch-battery life is only about 5-7 hours long-its a little heavy-touchscreen does n't always respond quickly-you ca n't take pictures quickly because it takes a while to get to the camera-there is only a light and no flash-photo light drains battery life fastOverall , the m : robe 500 is a great thing to have . Especially for the price . But if your looking for something lighter , smaller , more compact , and with more features , you might want to look at the Creative Zen Vision . However , that does n't have a camera . So the m : robe definitely has its pros and cons . If you mainly want a music player and something that just takes quick snapshots for fun , this is a great toy .
 If there was one thing that Olympus got right when they made the m : robe , it was style . This thing simply oozes coolness . The screen is large and well lit , the icons glow an almost supernatural white . A m : robe in the dark is quite the sight , it 's ghostly . The fact that said screen is operated via touch simply multplies the cool factor . The 20 gig hard drive does n't hurt either and the sound quality is superb.Sure , you can spend $ 250 on a 4 gig iPod nano and be just like every other person in the friggin ' world . Or , you can dare to be unique and buy an m : robe . * BTW I got my m : robe used -LRB- refurbished -RRB- for a little over $ 100 on eBay . Take that iPod , you overrated/priced mp3 player of the dim-witted masses !
 In a world with an immense amount of mp3 players . . This one stands out as the 20 gig player that can take pictures and remix them without any extra hardware . . I am really impressed with its build , size , functionality , and quality . . The player on a full charge will last around 9 hours , I suspect the other reviewers did not realize that you need to place this m : robe on standbye for it to conserve energy while its playing music . .
 I bought the camera/player from amazon and recieved quick delivery . I was very pleased with what i recieved . Its a great device that takes reasonable pictures and plays great sounding music . The only two things that i can find wrong with it is that you have to stand completly still in order to take a photo . The other problem is that at times the touch screen takes some time to respond and you find yourself tapping the screen multiple times . I love this device and recomend it to others . Olympus did a great job
 The m : robe 500i is a really cool mp3 player . It has some pros and some cons though.-pros-great touch screengreat music qualitygreat screen qualitylarge screendecent cameralooks really coolnice remotesimple controlseasy uploading softwareshort battery charge-cons-poor battery life unless screen is turned offno flash only photo lighta little bigtakes a while to take a picture because of slow loadingIn all , the m : robe is a good choice for a mp3 player and very nice b/c it has a camera . But the battery life really needs to extended in a newer version of the product .
 Wow I bought this mp3 player , the 500i , for just $ 200 . It just offers more `` special features '' than an iPod or Zen series . Overall amazing quality , and here is a part-by-part breakdown : Looks
 all right i had the m : robe 500i for about a wek now and im lovin it , its a neat lil thing to have . and all i gota say to the people is to stop disin it becouse you expect everything to be done in a second , i bought this thing new for 200 buks with the shipping.M ; TRIP . i would say that its not the best software for uploading the music onto it but its the only one that you could . The encoding takes about 10 minutes per 3 gigs of music -LRB- not like u gona do it every again anyways -RRB- and the asound quality improves becouse the bitrate is increased.M : ROBEPRO : looks really coolis very unique -LRB- where have u ever seen an mp3 with a camera b4 ? -RRB- touchscreen that actualy responds fairly wellCOMES WITH 20GB OF SPACE !! there are no mp3 's on the market offering that much space and a camera for such a low price ... MID : the camera could use more work as its a litle primative but the pics dont come out that bad -LRB- has no flash or zoon but comes with a build in camera light -RRB- the headphones will need some adjusting to due to the wire being short on the remote control side and long on the other side -LRB- just a small formality -RRB- CONS : kinda heavy but perfectly fits into any pocket i havei have yet failed to make any screteches on it even thou i dont use the pouch but the fingerprints still showoverall i would like to say that its a really good mp3 and a CAMERA ON THE SIDE not the other way around . u basicaly get a lot of space and technology for your buck .
 This is my new favorite toy . I love that the carrying bag is also the shine cloth for the screen . The only negative things I find about this product , are the fact that you ca n't play music and take pictures at the same time . Also , I do n't like how you ca n't organize your music into personalized folders . Other then that , I give this product an 8 out of 10 .
 I really enjoy my m : robe . I have tons of pictures that I have on slideshow while I listen to my music . 20 gig is more then enough size for my music and photo collection . I would recommend getting the software updates ASAP for both the m : robe and the m : trip interface software . Great inovative product by a great company .
 This is does a great job on : - Sound quality - It looks very cool - Screen quality for picture reviewThe annoying things that let it down are : - Battery life is rubbish - you have to use the remote to get any decent performance - The picture filing does not match the computer so it 's difficult to review pics - The interface takes some getting used to - it 's not an iPod
 I bought this great mp3 player 3 year ago in amazon.com , It was the best mp3 player of the year and always use it because the interface is very easy to use and the sound quality is extremely amazing . The m trip software provides disks information like author , albums and year . The battery is ok the first years but 3 years of extensive make that my battery loose charge . The camera has the same quality of a cell phone camera but is so useful , the only little problem I find to my m-robe 500i is the size is a little bit big . I think is time to look other mp3 player but is difficult find the replace for this extremely good mp3/touch screen/camera/hard drive / player .
 its nice , a little slow thocamera is pretty bad to OK shots never look GOODno video is a minusAWESOME
 I purchased my M : Robe in October of 2005 for $ 200 . $ 200 for 20Gigs , a camera , a 3.7 in touchscreen . . come on . For $ 200 Apple gives you 2Gigs . Scam artists . But in the last 3 months I have been very pleased with my M : Robe . . battery life withstanding , but what do you expect when taking pictures while listening to music?PROS : - Not an iPod-20 Gigs of memory -LRB- I 've been breaking my back to fill it and have only filled 1.2 Gigs . -RRB- - Looks cool and sleek-Has a camera-Touchscreen because touching is good-Amazing resolution from the 3.7 in VGA screen-Software works beautifully if you 're not a 4-year old-Not an iPod-Not over-priced @ $ 200 like an iPod-Sturdy-Not made by AppleCONS : - Battery life could be longer , but not awful-No iCult dedicated to it..yet-Lack of accessoriesOverall a great value and viable alternative in a market flooded with mindless , automiton iCulters . Buy one !
 The m : robe 500 is a great looking player with very cool functionality . Everyone that sees me with my m : robe wants to get one . Highly recommended !
 This thing is the coolest . Just wish it was lass expensive . -LRB- ... -RRB-
 The process was quick and painless from sale to receiving of goods . Would like to do business with again in the future .
 I own this printer and bought one for my kid 's school . It offers everything we need for home use - printing kid 's homework assignments , making copies , scanning in pictures . Very reliable , never had any problems with it . Easy to setup . Very happy with it . The only thing that may be improved is the noise level when in idle mode.All in all , very good printer for the money . Highly recommend it .
 I own and use 2 of these printers and print 4-5 ,000 copies a month -LRB- which is in excess of their monthly design volume . -RRB- We use these as our printers , copiers and Fax and they work flawlessly . The Scan function is extremely handy to scan to a . PDF file and send as an email attachment & store electronically so we can get rid of paper.Main advantage is the ease of refilling the cartridges . Remove 2 screws and pull out a 3/4 '' plug , pour in an $ 8.00 bottle of toner . Put plug & screws back in and you 're good for another 3000 copies . You can usually refill these toner carts at least twice . They apparently store the waste toner in the interior of the drum and when it fills up it spills and causes smudges and smears on the copies . Hav n't figured out how to empty that waste bin yet . But with aftermarket Carts at only $ 20 each I just throw in a new cart . -LRB- Let 's see that 's $ 20 for the cart + 2 X $ 8.00 for the refill toner or a total of $ 36.00 for 9,000 copies - That 's .4 cents per copy ! Yeah , at less than a half cent a copy , I 'll keep my SCX-4521Fs ! Only problem is they are getting scarce on the used market.Samsung apparently got tired of people not buying their $ 80 overpriced toner cartridges , so , on the newer models , they put chips in the Toner Carts that self destruct to try to stop self refilling . The aftermarket does sell replacement chips but they are a hassle to replace and needless expense.By the way - for these SCX-4521F to access the `` Tech Mode '' and reset any `` toner out '' errors : -LRB- And do other neat things -RRB- HOW TO RESET SCX-4521F -LRB- From Samsung site : -RRB- 1 . Press MENU # 1 9 3 4 in sequence rapidly . -LRB- Be sure to enter the # sign also and we do mean rapidly ! -RRB- The LCD panel should now display TECH .2 . Press MENU , and then press ENTER . The LCD panel will display Tech Mode .3 . Press the left arrow -LRB- < -RRB- button once . The operator panel will display NEW CARTRIDGE .4 . Press ENTER . The operator panel will display -LSB- YES -RSB- .5 . Press ENTER . The toner warning message should be gone .6 . To exit TECH MODE , press MENU # 1 9 3 4 in rapid succession , as if you were dialing a phone number.The operator panel should no longer display TECH.If problem persists , there may actually be a problem with either the toner cartridge or the SCX-4216F . Remember to enter the # sign first . Internet is wonderful for fixing problems.I simply search on `` scx-4521f toner low message remains on '' , and found your fix in seconds -LRB- Xerox PE220 is equivalent to Samsung SCX-4521F and the procedures for reseting toner cartridge is the same . -RRB-
 This little Samsung copier is awesome ! It is fast , quiet , and efficient . What more can you ask ? Love it !
 I got this phone way over a year ago , but it cost a lot more when the 6.0 technology came out -LRB- close to $ 100 -RRB- . I have nothing but good things to say about this phone . The reception is of the highest quality . I can go outside and even to my mail box which is on the border of the street and the reception is absolutely perfect . I can go anywhere in my yard and talk as though it were not even wireless . I do n't know why people are having a tough time with this phone . I think it is God sent . VERY easy to use and the volume IS adjustable and is loud when you want it to be .
 Excellent product - Great price ! Delivery time better than expected . The phones were incredibly easy to install - Took less than 10 minutes to get them set up . I use the phones a lot indoors and outdoors - Good reception and clarity .
 I bought this phone for my mom , because I already have it and think its great ...
 We love these phones ! Light weight , easy to use , they look good too ! My son bought these also we are all happy and the price is perfect .
 I bought the set of two telephones and completed it with a single one.I placed one in every part of the house , we run a home business , so I do n't have to run anymore to catch the phone . It 's easy to work with.I also like the nice model and color . A little flaw is the fact that the Caller ID does n't work all the time , even not when it works on the basis phone to which the basis station of this product is connected . I found that a little odd , maybe the numbers have to be in the system first to be shown a second time?What I do like is the fact that I can push a `` do not disturb '' button to have all the phones silenced at once . This comes in handy since we also work internationally and this way we will not be disturbed in the middle of the night . There the answering machine of our basis line will take over . Although there are a lot of options , I still did n't use of all of them but I 'm sure I will do so shortly .
 I 've never been a fan of the GE product so I was reluctant to make this purchase , but I needed a dual handset withOUT an answering machine -LRB- am I the only one in the world that has voicemail ?? -RRB- that would allow for very private phone calls without interference or static when I move around my house . So far it 's done ok . There 's a little noise in the background but not enough to interfere with a phone call . I have n't had a problem with static . There are 20 different ringtones to chose from , very cool!My biggest complaint is that the text on the caller ID barely shows up against the bright blue lighting .
 PROS-Great ringtones-Great speakerphone-Easy to use buttonsCONS-Not comfortable to hold-Handset volume is too low to hear incoming calls well and adjusting the volume makes it have static-Talk button apparently touches the face during conversation and hangs up on people
 I originally bought this product when the DECT technology first came out . Never had any problems with it . Had a major power surge and it burned out my phone . While looking for a replacement I was amazed to find that very few phones even had headset capabilities . This is invaluable to me since I talk to clients while entering data on the computer . The only ones I found with headset capabilites required headsets compatible ONLY with their phone . The GE Thompson wisely uses the standard earphone size so you can buy whatever suits your needs.This phone has gotten a lot of bad press but I have found it to be extremely reliable with excellent clarity .
 Easy to use camera and the instructions that come with the camera are easy to follow along . The one that I brought just needed a new battery . AAAAA + + + + +
 These radios are well made and very durable . The battery life is really good and lasts at least 12 hours on a full charge . They have multiple channels so you can always change to another channel if there is any interference but that normally is n't a problem . However do n't expect them to work for the 12 miles that they claim they will work because you will only be disappointed . On the open freeway they seem to work from about 4-5 miles away . In the city they seem to work from about 2 miles away . They are great for communicating with family members or friends during trips on the road or at theme parks and such .
 I bought this microphone to use with a nuvi 680 . When using the Bluetooth feature it gave an abnormal amount of reverb and was too annoying to use . I read several reviews on this and thought I would give it a try ... While it did not solve the issue 100 % it is now within acceptable ranges . When using the fm transmitter I found the following
 I bought this product due to my Garmin Nuvi 765T having a lot of echoing when using the internal microphone . The microphone works as advertised , some people have said it sounds like I am talking through a tube , others say its sounds fine .
 I love my Garmin . I used to get lost all the time and now I never do!Thanks!Kevin M
 Works as it should . No noise cancellation means it can get a little noisy but it 's better than my phone 's speakerphone option . Personally I find the nuvi 's built-in mic too lousy to use , as all my callers will complain that they ca n't hear me . I also left myself messages in my voicemail to test the quality and my conclusion is that the External Microphone offers the best quality vs using my phone 's or the Nuvi 's built-in mic.Also comes with two mounting options - a non-adhesive one that will clip to your visor , and another with an adhesive mounting strip which you can stick to the side pillar or somewhere close to your mouth . : -RRB- Hope this helps !
 Installed the Nuvi 760 -LRB- Bluetooth -RRB- . From the dashboard position , the Mike was a little far away . I installed the external mike and got the results I was looking for ! Was able to do away with my Motorola Bluetooth car kit and go strictly to the Nuvi . With an FM preset on the car stereo , and the built-in fm transmitter in the Nuvi and the remote mike , I now have superb audio on my phone calls . I 'd recommend this to anyone with a bluetooth phone and a bluetooth Nuvi rcvr .
 Let me start off with some background . I bought this microphone to use with my Garmin Nuvi 360 . Although my wife said I sounded fine with the built-in microphone I thought for the small investment it would be worth seeing how it sounded with the external microphone . Ordered and received in just a few days , packaging is simple and there 's not much to it . I knew right where I wanted to mount it based on past experience with a Parrot kit I had in a previous vehicle , which was right at the overhead console of my 2002 Suburban.On to the test ... I hung the microphone over the visor -LRB- closest I could get it to the final location without mounting it -RRB- and summoned my toughest critic , my wife . I 'm a huge gadget nut and my wife ... well , she could care less and will rarely share my excitement in a new toy . Who better to get an honest opinion from ? Took a deep breath and asked her to call me -LRB- kids were asleep and I did n't want to wake them -RRB- . As I sat in the garage waiting for the phone call I started to wonder what was going to follow . Just then the phone rang , and the display on my Garmin Nuvi changed to confirm that indeed my wife was calling . I clicked the answer button on the Nuvi and the test began.The result ? A crystal clear conversation that got 0 complaints , not even a comment about sounding like she was on speaker phone.So why only 4 stars?I rarely give anything 5 stars because there 's always room for improvement . I have no complaints at this time and for the money it was definitely worth it.I should also note that I have the headphone jack wired to my factory stereo so the sound comes through my speakers , not the built in ones ... even with this setup it worked like a charm and was a true hand free , crystal clear combination that I look forward to using for years to come .
 When I first got my Garmin n&uuml;vi 760 Portable GPS Automobile Navigator and started using its Bluetooth feature , I got consistent complaints from callers saying they could n't hear me . This $ 15 microphone has made a world of difference . No more complaints from callers!I only gave this little microphone four stars instead of five , because despite its three different mounting clips , I have n't yet found a way to keep the mic close and the clip/wire out of the way . Just a minor nitpick though !
 This external mic is definitively a must have addition to the Garmin StreetPilot C550 . It makes hand-free conversation so easy . The quality is outstanding as all the people I have spoken with have never complained about not being able to hear me no matter how fast I drive in my rather noisy car . I highly recommend it .
 It works really well and I have it clipped to my visor . People hear me really well , as if I 'm talking on the phone it self . The only downfall is that I have a wire that dangles from the unit to the visor but on the positive side , it has a really long cord that you can hand the mic to someone in the back seat and that way everyone can hear the conversation like when you go out with friends or have family calling the grandparents . I recommend it . Also , remember if you visit California , you need hands free otherwise using a cell phone will get you pulled over .
 I bought this external mic for my Nuvi 760 . Initially I clipped it on the driver 's side visor , and people said it sounded too loud and a little distorted , and actually sounded better with the built in mic . I was getting ready to pack it up and send it back , when I decided on a whim to clip it on the passenger 's side visor . Immediately , everyone I talked to said the call quality sounded fine.Of course these same people also thought that the built in mic sounded fine , so I 'm not sure there is much difference . When pushed , the general consensus among the people I talked is that it sounded slightly better with the external mic.My recommendation is to make a few calls with the built in mic , and if nobody complains about how you sound , save yourself $ 15 and do n't get the external mic . On the other hand , if people are complaining about the way you sound , then get it . It certainly ca n't hurt , and it most likely will help . At $ 15 , even a slight improvement in call quality is worth it.Concerning the cord length , it is long , but do n't let that discourage you from buying it . You can figure out how best to position it . I did . As noted above , I clipped the mic to the passenger 's side visor , then ran the wire over the rear view mirror , then down to the unit which I have mounted on the dash with a beanbag mount .
 I have the Nuvi 760 and callers always complained that I sounded like I was in a tunnel when listening to me through the Nuvi 's internal microphone . I did n't think that this microphone would do much since the price was so low but I also was n't risking much to give it a whirl . So I ordered it -LRB- delivered quickly -RRB- and after I mounted it on my visor I gave my mother-in-law a call . She was the first person who complained about the original internal mic of the 760 so I thought she would give an honest review . About 5 minutes into the call I asked her if I sounded better than the first time I called her and she said she had no idea that I was using the GPS , she thought I was calling from my phone ! I tried it with a few other relatives and they all said that I sounded like I do when I call them directly through my cell phone . I did n't give it 5 stars because the cord is too long for our car and I hate having a wire anywhere in the car but this could also be an advantage for someone who needs to mount it far away from the GPS . I highly recommend this microphone for the price .
 I tested this mic out after installing it in my car with a nuvi 765t . My nuvi is on the left side of the steering wheel on the windshield . I ran the wire along the windshield , tucked behind the plastic panels and the ceiling to the sun visor and clipped it on the visor.I tried several calls with and without the mic attached . What I noticed about the mic is :1 . The background noise is virtually eliminated - this is HUGE as it makes my voice a LOT clearer2 . The voice is only slightly louder with the mic than without the mic but much clearer -LRB- see 1 above -RRB- 3 . It picked up my voice pretty well whether I was facing forward -LRB- best -RRB- , looking right , looking left , or looking backwards -LRB- to check my blind spot -RRB- . The voice was clearest when looking straight ahead or looking left . A little attenuated looking right and a little more looking back . But in all cases it was very clear4 . I tried to speak louder and softer . To my surprise , even my softer voice came through very clearly with the mic as did my loud voice.Well , its a $ 5 mic review what else can I say about it : -RRB-
 I was having trouble with my Garmin understanding my commands . Thought I would try this microphone . I placed it right in front of me under the instrument cluster . Now it works perfectly . I highly recommend this .
 At first I tried the Nuvi 770 with the built in mic and people complained . After I add this microphone , people I talk to do n't complain . With this the nuvi is functional as a hands free phone .
 Did I say great ? I meant OEM ! This is the exact microphone that is included with the Parrot 3200 color bluetooth kits . So if yours goes bad like mine did , this is the replacement for you .
 This mic makes the difference between hands free phone use being functional or not . Before I had it people would complain they could barely hear me and there was a lot of background noise . Now with the mic installed on my visor I just talk normally and never get a complaint . The wire is easy enough to conceal down the pillar and the Garmin mount has a mic input -LRB- my 760 does anyway -RRB- so you do n't have to plug it into the GPS itself.It comes with various mounting methods . The only weakness is that the ball & socket which holds the mic to the mounting clip is easy to pop loose.I strongly recommend this if you really want to use your phone hands free .
 I just purchased this to go with my nuvi 885t . Callers were telling me that they heard an echo while talking to me through my Garmin . After using this product with the Garmin , the callers tell me that the quality has improved a great deal . Though the cord is long , I found a way to string it up on my visor , using the clips of my sunglass holder and my garage door opener to prevent the cord from dangling . This is worth the small investment . Who knows , maybe someone will come up with a very good wireless microphone someday !
 This product is great for the hands free cell phone user . The sound quality of the calls is much clearer and it helps block out traffic noise .
 bought mine from frys at a decent priced . hooked it up and it seems to work . how well im not sure . my internal mic on my 765t seems to work ok when running the city streets but on highway , it seems to stugggle . my car is a jeep soft top so its noisy . the external mic is setup on my steering wheel collum in front of me and it seems to make a difference with the limited test ive done so far .
 This microphone works great . Picks up sound clearly . I use it for hands free calling through my stereo in my truck . People on the other end can hear my voice clearly with minimal background noise .
 To get the right item , I went directly to the Garmin web site and selected the accessory for MY Nuvi GPS , and found Garmin offered an external microphone for it , which is good since the built in mic is really poor in quality . I took the product number from Garmin 's web site and searched for it at Amazon , my favorite on line store . It became available from a supplier using Amazon , so I ordered it . The price was very reasonable . Only problem , when I went to use it the jack was not the right size for MY Nuvi , which amazed me since the item I selected was an accessory for MY Nuvi , suggested by Garmin -LRB- someone there needs to test what they offer to see if it works right I guess -RRB- . So I trucked over to Radio Shack and got an adaptor to make it fit and it worked perfect ! Looks funny with the adaptor , and the Nuvi wo n't close with it plugged in , but at least I can replace the terrible built in mic with a real one . I was happy , but not over the hoops I had to jump through .
 Used this mic on a Garmin 885T and it works way better than the built in mic . People say I still sound a little distant but they can hear me . Before I got it they said it sounded like I was in a cave !
 I ordered two of these storage cubes for my ever increasing supply of computer discs of art files and fonts that I need to have close at hand -LRB- I do a lot of graphics work and desktop publishing -RRB- . I absolutely love these cubes ! They stack well and sturdily , take up a small amount of space and they are easy to access . Each pull out tab hold 2 CD 's . They pivot back and forth so the CD you want is easy to access . Each tab can be labelled so you can go directly to the CD you want . They seem to be quite sturdy . Lastly , I like the red and blue as a very nice change from decades of ivory . For the price , most definitely a bargain !
 I love this product ! I got this for my 4 yr old son for christmas and he loves it . He likes not having to put every cd back in its original case anymore . It really is a perfect way for him to be able to access his cds easier and put them away too ! The cd incerts slide out easy and swivel which is really nice . The handle on top is a nice feature to so they can bring it along if they want . I was surprised at how well it was made too ! I was hoping it would be sturdy enough for my son and it worked out perfect ! It was even a great price ! Its definetly worth it to buy this product for your kids . They will love it !
 I was very pleased to find this ! It works perfectly . Good price too .
 This was an amazing little camera . I bought it in a pinch . Have to admit , I did n't really expect much from it , but it surprised me ! It did an amazing job , took some of the clearest photos I have ever taken , dare I say clarity my digital has never given . Unfortunately , I loaned it out and something went wrong with the flash and it would pop loudly whenever the flash went on.I have searched high and low to find a replacement . Finally I 've found it . As a 35mm , it is really one of the best I 've ever used . I recommend it to anyone who needs a simple , low maintenance camera .
 ... when i went to hook it up to my TV , i noticed the television i own also needs a extra cable hooked up called the ` coaxial ' audio cable . . Unfortunately this receiver itself does n't have that input so now im stuck just using it for my cd 's and radio.Does anyone else have that same issue ? Also is there any way to bypass it ?
 I just bought one . The sound is pretty good . I like it . Good choice for those who do n't want a 5.1 receiver .
 I HAD THIS SAME RECIEVER . I HOOKED IT UP TO TO MANY SPEAKERS , KNOWING IT WAS A 2 CHANNEL RECIEVER . MY MUSIC WAS SO LOUD . THE BASS WAS JUST RIGHT . I HAD A EQUALIZER HOOKED UP TO IT . MY MUSIC WAS CRYSTAL CLEAR . I CRIED WHEN IT BLOWED OUT . THIS RECIEVER IS OLD BUT I 'M WILLING TO GET ANOTHER LIKE IT . MY NEW RECIEVER , SONY , IS GARBAGE . ITS NOT LOUND LIKE SHERWOOD . MY SURROUND SOUND WAS LIKE I WAS AT THE THEATRE WHEN I HAD THIS SAME RECIEVER . THESE RECIEVERS TODAY DONT GO HARD LIKE THE OLD ONES .
 This is probably the best bang for the buck with the exception that you will not be hooking up your turntable to it as there is no connector or preamp for a turntable . Sherwood thought vinyl was obsolete but it is n't for the one who wants to remember the oldies without having to buy his collection in CDs or buying a separate preamp .
 This receiver is just as described . It is easy to set up . With the enclosed FM antenna it picks up remote stations very nicely . For direct input signals , it has a very nice output , and almost imperceptible hiss . It meets the needs of a casual audiophile perfectly .
 Excellent Stereo F-M unit . The only thing it needed is a better FM Antenna to pick up all stations . I used an FM Dipole Antenna and a 300 to 75 Ohm adapter , both from Radio Shack . Sound in excellent as I use it for surround Sound for my big screen TV .
 This is a very nice receiver from Sherwood I paired it up with a pair of sony book shelf speakers and sounds very good and easy to hook up .
 I was looking for an inexpensive receiver to run speakers in my garage . I found this on Amazon and decided to purchase it . For the price , and for what I wanted it for , it is awesome . If your looking for a cheaper receiver you ca n't go wrong with this .
 Though I have n't used this product for more than 20 hrs overall , so far i think it 's OK . I tried setting the station memory blindly , but had to turn to the manual when none of my stations were saved . The sound quality is fine for my listening , so overall I have no negative comments about this box .
 This was the best reciever I found for the money . The unit was shipped quickly , works great and was easy to setup .
 Really like this unit ! It is simple , easy to use and the sound quality is excellent . I have and ipod hooked up as well as an lcd tv and both produce awesome sound through this receiver .
 Bought this based on other reviews . I no longer have any vinyl , so lack of phono input is not a problem . Paired with BIC bookshelf speakers and BIC 8 '' powered subwoofer . Sounds great for the basement area at a super low price . Could n't be happier !
 Received this receiver quickly and it works great . It improved the appearance of the area where I replaced another older model.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0002EPWC0/ref=cm_cr_rev_prod_title
 great amp . I 'm a pro av installer and I 've been using this amp for 5-6 years as an inexpensive 2nd zone amplifier for applications such as outdoor speakers , basement speakers , kitchen ceiling speakers , etc. . Never had a single problem . Probably installed @ a hundred of them . Bought these from amazon because circuit crappy city went out of business . In technical pro av speak - they are awesomely delicious . : -RRB-
 perfect , this item is exactly as I expected and worked perfect with the other items i bought at the same time
 I bought a pair of studio speakers . The last amp was too weak . This unit has good power for my little speakers that only have a 100 watts per channel . Remote is easy to use .
 Works wonders with our stereo systym and surround sound . It is so easy to hook up and arrived in no time at all .
 great sound and it looks very well put together and I only need 6 more words to finish this review
 I was looking to upgrade my sound system for my TV but did n't want to spend more than three hundred dollars . I have a medium size living room and only wanted a two speaker step-up . I purchased a pair of Sony 3-way speakers -LRB- Sony SSF-5000 Floor Standing 3-way Speakers -RRB- which are rated for 150W , 8 ohms and this receiver pushes them easily . At half volume this system shakes the walls . I am very happy with the mids and highs and more that satisfied with the lows . The only thing I wish it had were more settings for the levels .
 this works as good if not better than my kenwood receiver it will power my 2 12 '' 4 way floor speakers and my 2 2way 6.5 '' wall mounts at once with no noticeable distortion however it does get warm so i think that extended used should be limited to powering A or B which is fine with me because i hardly run the floor speakers anyway just a test for how much it would power . the clarity and power you get with this amp is way beyond the price you are paying for it and it has a good amount of inputs for cd changer/tapes if you still use them/tv vcr / you could plug your ipod in , anything ! the only thing i found that i do n't like is the tuner while it gets great reception and has many presets it would be nice if the tuner were a knob instead of buttons while i knew this when i bought it i just sorta wish it were a knob.anyway once you get used to the buttons it works great and you can do almost everything from the remote -LRB- while usually i do n't use remotes i found that i quite like this one its not too big not too small it does n't have too many buttons and they are spaced so i can push one without hitting another with my big fingers.well to sum this up this is the best value stereo amp i could find and i am very happy with it .
 I bought this as a cheap alternative to buying a whole new mini system as my 11 year old Panasonic 100 watter fried out . The speakers were fine , the actual stereo was done . With Amazon Prime I got it in 2 days , hooked it up and bang , it works . It gets plenty loud , remember I have small speakers and do n't wish to blow them up , I could have sworn that the min system had more bass , even with this thing maxed out on bass it is not much , but it could be the speakers again.All in all the $ 90 I paid was well worth it , as there were other way more expensive options.I ca n't review durability as I 've only had it like 2 weeks , but my brother has had this model for a few months and it still goes just fine .
 I 'm replacing an old receiver which has given me many years of service . This receiver has less features but is all I need now with only a CD player attached . So far I am impressed with the sound and ease of hookup.After a year of use I am Still amazed with the performance of this receiver . I am still using my Acoustic Research speakers which are at least 20 years old and the sound is amazing . A fine basic receiver .
 I did some reading on this and other inexpensive 2-channel amps/receivers . These days the only 2 channel available is the high-end audiophile stuff or the really cheap stuff . I am 60 and have poor hearing anyway and decided I would not notice the difference - at least not $ 1,200 worth of difference . My 30 yr old NAD7020 started getting noisy - needed new caps -LRB- over 80 caps in that unit -RRB- . I have re-capped motherboards and old radios but I decided this was too much work . Sad because the NAD looks perfect - just makes a slight crackle or distortion overy 15-30 seconds . Anyway - the Sherwood lives up to the best reviews . Tape and phono inputs were a special bonus for me - have a large vinyl collection from the 70 's . If you are in the market for an inexpensive old-fashioned -LRB- 2-channel -RRB- stereo receiver this is it .
 Could n't believe you could buy a decent audio receiver for under $ 100 . Been an audiophile for years and usually buy mid to high range equipment . This was for my son , who did not need A/V capability or thundering power . Perfect for small room application with modest speakers . The receiver had a hefty feel and a higher quality appearance than its price would suggest . Great buy .
 I purchased this to replace a 16 year old Sony surround sound receiver . Setup was perfectly easy , plug in the components , speakers , and plug the power cord in the wall , and you 're done . The inputs are all RCA -LRB- composite , red and white plugs -RRB- audio . That 's it - no video or digital audio , and certainly no HDMI . There are four inputs , two of which -LRB- VCR and tape deck -RRB- also have outputs . I 've only got the cable box and DVD player hooked up to it . I 'm running this through a pair of Polk Audio R300 speakers , the smallest and cheapest tower speakers Polk makes . The sound quality is excellent . Bass is full and natural , and the midrange is nicely detailed . My old Sony used to have more deep bass , but I almost thought it had too much , sounding unnatural . This Sherwood sounds more balanced ; less `` sparkly '' in the treble , but more detailed through the mid-bass and midrange . It does n't have the `` phantom center channel '' mode like my Sony , as this is two channel only . I guess for TV , it sounded a little better with the phantom center , but it only took a few minutes to get used to this stereo . The remote control I got is a little different than the one in the picture - it 's got the volume and mute control in the center , the components -LRB- CD , Tape , etc -RRB- on the bottom , and the number pad on the top . It 's a bit underpowered , and needs to be pointed directly at the receiver in order to work . I programmed my universal remote to control the receiver.Overall , it seems like a great unit for the price . Great sound quality , that 's all that really matters . It 's a nice heavy unit , as heavy as my $ 160 Sony it replaced . Though you can tell it 's bottom-of-the-line as soon as you touch the volume knob , which is thin plastic . Oh well , you use the remote for that anyway . As long as it lasts a good long time , I 'll be perfectly happy with it .
 I am a test engineer and I did extensive research before selecting this unit . My ratings are as follows : Audio quality = GREAT!Ease of Use = Simple!Best price and best value in a mid-range audio price but a high end audio result.The electrical ratings and specifications are excellent and the real test - the audio quality really shines on this unit.I paired this unit with a Sherwood 5 carousel CD player and Boston Acoustics stereo speakers - The music quality surpasses my old and broken down Sony high end gold series system.This unit is not designed for and does not do surround sound but with the right speakers and CD player you will feel like the performer is in the room . This is a stereo system and a fantastic one at that.This is a great buy and a great value .
 I needed a small , basic , stereo Receiver to connect to my 46 '' HD TV set , and which would fit in a small cabinet with less than six inches of vertical clearance.Note the actual dimensions for this product : W x H x D
 I really just wanted a stereo amp to use with my wireless home network and Roku Soundbridge to listen to internet radio and my mp3 collection . The guy at the electronics store suggested this unit even though I would n't need the tuner . When I got it home I had to look at the receipt again . Yep only $ 74 new . Build quality seems better than that price although being of Chinese manufacture it may be full of noxious stuff.Easy set-up and use , 2x100 watts and the amp is quiet and gives me more than enough volume . Even the tuner is not bad when using the supplied 75 ohm FM antenna . I ca n't see what 's not to like for this simple application.Its survived a week long burn in so I 'll keep my fingers crossed and hope it lasts at least a year.Four stars only because it is bare bones and I 'm not that sure about the reliability . For what it does the receiver seems a great bargain.Update -LRB- 1/18/09 -RRB-
 Does exactly what it was supposed to . Menu was a little hard to figure out , but that seems to be common with stereo recievers . Sound is fine and the remote is nice -LRB- only complaint would be that it would be nice if there was bass control on the controller so I would n't have to edit it via the actual reciever -RRB- . Good for the price .
 The first unit I received played for about 20 minutes and then clicked to stand-by . Each time I turned it on , it clicked to stand-by again . My luck with electronics was worsening ... and I thought I had made a mistake buying something like this on line . I went to the Amazon return website , wrote briefly what was wrong , and immediately received an acknowledgement along with confirmation that UPS would be by the NEXT DAY to pick it up . -LRB- Which happened -RRB- Meanwhile , Customer Service was in the process of sending out a replacement , which came within five days at no cost to me . The replacement unit was shipped free , as well . WOW , I could n't believe how simple the return process was . I was sure I was going to have to pack it , load it in the car , take it to the UPS store , pay for the return , etc. , etc. , etc.By the way , the second unit works fine , and drives my two outboard speakers fine ; it also handles my CD , DVD player , and also has a TV/aux input so that the satellite radio stations from Direct TV also play through the speakers ... . It handles two sets of speakers -LRB- A and B hookups -RRB- and comes with a very handy remote . YSherwood RX4105 2-Channel 100 Watts Stereo Receiver -LRB- Black -RRB- ou ca n't beat the deal at the price ... and the customer return deal gives me confidence to buy other items from Amazon online in the future.Don Matthews
 This receiver works well with other componets such as a CD player and TV . I have them both hooked up and everything works well together . The receiver is easy to operate and the remote is very handy.The one problem that I have encountered is the FM antenna does not work well and is very `` touchy '' . It takes a while to locate the best position to receive good reception.Overall , the price is right and I 'd rate it 4 stars .
 This product has beautiful sound . I hooked up a set of Sony three way speakers with 8 inch woofers and the tone quality is outstanding . There is absolutely no noise between channels , it 's amazing . I have not plugged anything into it yet , but the receiver is great .
 Just what I was looking for . My older standard 2-channel stereo finally quit and we needed an inexpensive receiver at our barn ... nothing fancy , just needed to play FM and plug in an ipod . This unit has nice appearance , set up easily and for being under $ 100 , the sound and quality is surprisingly good . Plenty of inputs and has A & B speaker function so we can use the speakers in the ranch office as well as outside the barn . I only rated 4 stars because it is a stripped down receiver , not becasue of any quality issue .
 I use this receiver to make up for the shortcomings with the tinny speakers that come with my LCD tv . Absolutely perfect for this , and simple enough to use . Sound is just fine for me , and more than enough power to push the speakers . The only thing that would make it perfect for me would be an equalizer for a more customizable sound , because you can only adjust bass & treble . For those with Dish Network , be forewarned that their universal remote will NOT work with this receiver , even though they list 5-6 codes for Sherwood receivers in the manual .
 I bought this receiver to replace an old Technics that was showing signs of age . I use the Sherwood to amplify various sources including AM/FM , tape , CD and MIDI . The system is fine for most of my applications , however , the FM stereo has a lot of multiplex noise , forcing me to listen to broadcasts in mono mode . In this mode , FM sounds pretty good.I have trouble with the buttons on the remote as they are very small , not illuminated and hard to read .
 good quality inexpensive receiver , mine is in my garage and I have my xm radio tuner paired with it , does just fine . Ca n't say anything about durability yet as i 've only had it 2 weeks .
 I wanted a basic receiver with A/B speaker switches to use for a set of outside speakers and this is perfect.The quality , sound and ease of use and set up is exactly what I wanted .
 Product is perfect and just exactly what I needed to create an inexpensive surround sound for a new flatscreen TV .
 This receiver does all you could want in a basic stereo receiver . Well worth the money .
 This tuner is a good deal for the price . It only took minutes to set up and the sound is very clear . Now there is a lot of drawbacks to this stereo .1 . the sound is OK , that is it , there is barely any bass to music but great mid and tweet sound .2 . Only stereo sound is available , no 5.1 or any other feature this stereo is a tuner/amplifier . With that said though there are a lot of plus 's ,1 . there are many inputs and a few outputs which makes it easy to run to another receiver , or to your favorite tape deck .2 . The remote is easy and plain to use . No special features makes it a fools proof remote.I use this stereo myself to push my rear surround sound speakers off of my main 1500 watt receiver and it sounds awesome . I did n't know what to think of the sherwood name at first with all the negative reviews but I can honestly say , if you are looking for your first stereo , or even an amp to push a little bit more power , look no further .
 perfect.would have been nice if i didnt haave to turn off the speakers for the head phone to work . sound excellent though and very affordable .
 This receiver does n't have all the bells and whistles but it has everything I need . It is good quality at an affordable price .
 For $ 100 you ca n't beat this.Arrived in good shape.Works great.This is the second I have purchased ; The on in my bedroom has beenworking great for at least five years.This is a basic receiver with two channels . But if that is all you need , youcannot beat it for the price .
 I purchased this to pick up some radio stations along with what I got thru the TV so it works as an amplifier too . Works great .
 Adequate for a lower end stereo receiver . Nothing fancy but meets all my needs for the moment . Adjustments to bass and treble are limited to increases and deceases in increments of two -LRB- ie - +2 , +4 , +6 and -2 , -4 , -6 -RRB- and the instruction booklet was a little vague -LRB- as are most -RRB- , but after tinkering around a little I figured everything out .
 Reasonable stereo only power for two pairs of speakers -- No preamp , so if you want to use a turntable , another component will be needed for the job . RCA jacks for four components . Possibly , this is the least expensive source of power for a somewhat finicky music listener who is not looking for a multi-channel home theater receiver or amp and does want it to drive A and B pairs of speakers .
 I bought a house that had 2 bose speakers installed in the great room . I wanted to utilize them so I bought this to use it on them . It works pretty well except I do n't get very good radio reception with it . It also is a bit large but plays my Ipod and other devices well .
 It does exactly what I want it to do and has yet to disappoint me.Review needs to be 5 words longer .
 I bought this amp as a replacement for the one that broke . I really enjoy this amp , plenty of hookups with a lot of functionality . Pros
 My own experience is that I can echo , without reservation , all of the favourable comments previously expressed by others here . Also as mentioned by others , a phono jack would be a welcome feature . The only minor bump-in-the-road that I encountered is that , for some reason , the remote control for my Dish Network setup also seems to control the Sherwood Stereo Receiver . I turn on my TV and when I use the TV remote to adjust the volume - the Stereo -LRB- which is located in the same room -RRB- mysteriously turns on . It was amusing at first , but has become something of a bother ... but honestly one that I can live with considering my satisfaction with the Sherwood Receiver . At present , using with garden-variety bookshelf speakers -LRB- looking forward to upgrading -RRB- with DVD player , tape deck & simply as a radio receiver - and the sound quality is awesome . On balance , this product probably merits a 5-Star review without those minor -LRB- remote control , phono jack -RRB- considerations .
 I bought one for my satellite receiver in the den and liked it so well that I bought a second one for the TV/VCR/DVD / CD in the living room . It 's not fancy , but it serves its intended purpose very well for a very modest price .
 I use this to power my subwoofer and home theater speakers.It does the trick !
 We used this receiver as FM music for our office . We matched it with BOSE speakers . The sound is fine and for the price of the Sherwood , I do n't think to can beat this buy .
 This receiver is really very good , especially for the price . I like the straightforward controls and easy programming . I only give it four stars because for this price there HAVE to be drawbacks somewhere , although I have n't found any in the three months I 've owned the unit.It is worth pointing out one feature I appreciate , having a one year old toddler on the loose . Turning the volumne control -LRB- as he is prone to do -RRB- does not result in a sudden blast of sound . A half turn of the knob results in only modest changes . Nice touch !
 I bought this receiver for a specific purpose and was focused on a low cost item with the intention of abusing the unit . I use this receiver for use on an outdoor screened-in porch -LRB- lanai for you Floridians -RRB- . It powers 4 small outdoor speakers and I run only the radio and my iPod through it . For the price -LRB- ~ $ 80 -RRB- , it is just what I wanted . Simple stereo , not too many features , good sound performance . Note that there is no surround on this , so know what you 're buying . I did n't need it , so it works great for me.It 's protected from direct elements , but is exposed to moisture and dust and it 's performed well so far for 1 season .
 This is a great receiver for the price . Although the face is rather plain , everything has functioned to the mfg 's specs . The sleep timer is a nice addition to a receiver at this price point .
 Great stereo , Quality made , sounds really good , easy to set up , would do business with again :-RRB- thanks
 At first when i got this amp it did not perform well and it overheated . . then i took it to the sound shop and tried it on several speaker systems and it perormed very well on the correct equiptment it did so well that i can say the owners of the shop bought some to retail in their store and it was comparable to the sony and technics amps they had . This thing is very capable of pushing four 15inch speakers at 8ohms anything below and it overheats highly recommended ot those of you who like old technology mixed with new tech ...
 Exactly what I needed to power my outdoor speakers . You ca n't beat the price and the sound quality is great . The unit is powering two Yamaha outdoor speakers -LRB- 120 max input -RRB- . Works perfectly , love it . I can hook up my Ipod and Computer with an extra audio cable and DJ a party for hours of enjoyment . I have a huge backyard and I can easily hear the sound all over the yard . Would highly recommend it .
 It should be clear from the description that this receiver does not offer a lot of ` feature ' content . What is not clear is the fact that this appears to be a very well made good sounding receiver . I was skeptical initially that it was possible to find a good two channel receiver at this price point , but after reading other reviews on this product took the gamble . I needed this for periodic radio reception and playing cd 's from a single-disk player . It 's driving two floor standing speakers , and providing very clean sound to my ears anyway . This model is replacing a recently deceased Kenwood receiver that had served since 1989 . It 's a bit early to comment on how durable this unit will be in comparison to the KW , but my initial impression of its construction indicates it 's a well made piece . I would think anyone choosing this model will be very pleasantly surprised .
 I think I got an amazing deal ! This receiver is exactly as described . I 've had no problems . It seems very well made . It sounds great . There is no noticeable noise throughout its range of volume levels . I ca n't imagine how a more expensive receiver could sound much better . Do n't let the low price fool you . If you just want a basic stereo amplifier with plenty of power for home listening , I highly recommend this one .
 If you 're looking for a basic two-channel receiver to listen to the radio , CD 's , cassettes , and to hook up your television to , this is it ! This unit provides plenty of clarity and power at all volume levels . Cranked it up half-way and it was plenty loud ! Remote control is simple and easy to use . One drawback , though . It does not have phono inputs for a turntable . Other than that , it more than meets my needs !
 I needed an amp to power a pair of large speakers from my Apple Airport . This one had more capabilities than I needed , but the description sounded better than the one other amp I found for less . -LRB- I was looking for something real inexpensive . -RRB- I also hooked up my MythTV and DVD player to it . It sounds great and easily powers the 15 '' speakers I have . I rarely turn the volume up past 1/3 and it 's uncomfortably loud at 1/2 volume if your in the same room with the speakers . It 's size is average for a receiver , but would be nice if it were a little more compact .
 If you need top performance - look elsewhere . If you want a reliable solid performer at a great price this is it ! We have owned this for over 5 years and have had no problems . We run our computer music through this , our TV , and DVD player through this and everything always works perfectly !
 Read others ' complaints , but do n't have any of my own.Working like a charm . OB .
 Sherwood has been designing low cost , high value audio components for about as long as there has been HiFi . Recently , I purchased a Sherwood RX-4109 receiver ... designed in the USA an manufactured somewhere East Of Eden ... for my exercise room when an integrated amplifier from my college days finally gave up the ghost . An inexpensive multi-format DVD player is the signal source and the Sherwood is hooked to a competent pair of bookshelf speakers . The RX-4109 kicks out enough decent sound to compete with my Nordic Track and sounds better than I expected it to . If you 're looking for exceptional value and good sound , the RX-4109 will not disappoint . It is a genuine bargain .
 This system does everything -LRB- I -RRB- want it to do . Up to 5 inputs and tuner . Controller works great and is easy to use . The only con is that THIS IS NOT SURROUND SOUND ! This only has right and left speaker differences . There is no center , rear , or sub etc. . It does what i want it to do fine -LRB- play music -RRB- but for those of you looking for a SURROUND system for your DVD 's video games etc. . . Keep looking : p
 I needed to purchase a receiver to replace a nearly 20-year-old Denon that was gradually losing its right channel . I read the prior reviews and decided to take a chance on replacing my aging receiver with this Sherwood -LRB- a replacement Denon was $ 200 more expensive -RRB- . I 'm glad I did ! The Sherwood is now powering 12-pair of 7 '' in-ceiling speakers -LRB- through two speaker selectors -RRB- . Yes , 24 speakers ! Two of these speakers are on an outdoor deck -LRB- long speaker wire run -RRB- . The sound is great everywhere and I 've had no trouble with heat buildup in the receiver -LRB- it actually runs cooler than the old Denon -RRB- . I have two different gauges of speaker wire in my system , and have experienced none of the problems mentioned in earlier reviews . If you only need a two-channel receiver -LRB- i.e. , right and left , no surround -RRB- , I do n't think you can go wrong with this Sherwood .
 After a month of researching amps , reading thousands of reviews of pros and owners , I thought I would give this amp a try as you could not beat the price . There is plenty written here about the specs , so I will only reiterate that1.it does come with a remote that is very easy to use .2 . It does not have a input for a phonograph .3 . It runs cool .4 . No Sub woofer output5.I hooked up to the same vintage 100 watt speakers in a 20 x 12 ' room and the sound is as good as my $ 700 Onkyo that runs hot so I moved it out into the workshop.It could not be more straight forward to figure out what goes where as there are no bells or whistles . The only way to beat this price would be to buy a used amp and I from experience do not advise to do that as electronics might have problems that come and go and do not even show themselves when being tested . Only the previous owner would know and they might not noticed.If you do n't need all the extras and you are n't pushing 300 watt speakers , save yourself a bag of bucks and buy this ampl
 This unit is fantastic . Pure , clean sound . I 've been using an old car stereo in my garage , hooked up to a battery and a charger , then when the CD player stopped working I switched to an old boom box for my garage/outdoor tunes , but then the CD player on that went dead as well . Radio just does n't cut it . So I found this unit , and decided to hook it up to a couple of new speakers , and a DVD/CD player I had laying around , and BOOM , was I impressed ! The discrete amplifier in this unit is sweet . Silence between tracks is truly silent . No hiss or noise of any kind . And wow , the volume ! OMG it 's loud -LRB- with the right speakers -RRB- . I 'm running it through a pair of Polk outdoor units rated at 150 watts each , on 16 ga wire , so there 's plenty of room to let this thing streach it 's 100 watt per channel muscle . I have n't found out yet what it 's maximum volume sounds like yet because I do n't want to get the neighbors mad . The guy across the street helped me test it out though . Even from 150 feet away at 55 on the volume scale , it was loud and clear . Testing it inside the house at 70 on the volume was intense ! It 's Big , and Heavy . As soon as I picked up the box I new I was in for a treat . For those who want something lightweight and compact , you 'll never get the kind of sound this puppy puts out . You need big heavy power supplies , amps , and transformers to get big sound . They got this one just right .
 I 've had my Sherwood RX-4105 for about 1 year . I 've never had any problems with it , so I 've never had to deal with customer service .
 My Sherwood receiver arrived in only a few days and has worked flawlessly since . It is used for 10 to 12 hours everyday with no problems . If you are looking for a good deal , no-frills source for music I do n't think it can be found anywhere else .
 This Sherwood -LRB- noted brand years ago , now mysterious -RRB- might be a decent bargain for twice the money . It 's stripped down by present standards -- two channels only , no phonograph input . It 's dead quiet and extremely clean sounding . I ca n't hear any emphases or dead spots in the frequencies . The tuner is exceptionally good ; I am surprised at the success I 'm having with it in a poor reception area , with only the antennas that are supplied . Appearance and quality are fine
 Sherwood was a manufacture of mid quality , tube type audio devices during my childhood - a long time ago . A typical two channel , tube type AM/FM stereo receiver made 30 RMS watts per channel and cost around $ 200 . By those standards , today 's Sherwood RX - 4103 making more than three times the power at half the cost is an outstanding value.This is an attractive , cool running , although quite large and heavy , receiver . The display is functional and easy to read . The controls are well marked and easy to understand and use . The remote control buttons are readable by my ancient eyes and offer a number of desirable functions . My only complaint with the packaging of this unit is the size and weight . For some reason , Sherwood used a massive power supply transformer which requires a large enclosure and makes the unit heavy . Why did n't they employ a switching power supply and cut the size and weight by 2/3 ? I purchased this receiver because I needed an amplifier for my bedroom , and I was unable to find a discrete amplifier at a reasonable price . The amplifier section in this receiver is excellent . The first thing that struck me was that it is quiet . With the volume at mid-high level , silence reigns between CD tracks . Further , the output is clean even at high levels . I have two amplifier related complaints . The bass tone control curve is not well designed . Increasing the bass causes the middle frequencies to become muddy . The speaker wire connectors are too small to accommodate # 16 wire . This is a powerful amplifier , and it should have been given binding posts capable of accepting wire large enough to deliver the power to the speakers.The tuner sections lack sensitivity , and the AM tuner has poor noise rejection in my experience . The lack of sensitivity will likely not be a problem for those living near the stations they want to tune.The Sherwood RX - 4103 offers a lot of performance for the price . Yes , I wish it were smaller , had better tuners and binding posts for the speaker wires , but I do n't think you can find a better stereo receiver within $ 75 of this one .
 If you want a straight forward stereo receiver costing the least amount of dollars , then Sherwood Rx-4105 receiver fits the bill pretty well.It has AM/FM , and 30 station presets . External connection wise it supports Tape , VCR , CD , and TV . -LRB- no phono support -RRB- Its construction is sturdy and heavy . Sound quality appears very clean sounding . FM reception is average . Weak stations need the use of a good antenna to pull in the signal .
 A good buy for the price . I live in a very rural area so the unit required an external self-powered FM antenna and a wire AM antenna , both of which I already had installed . Any radio used here requires external antennas . Reception by this unit is very good . Sound quality is excellent for attached CD and tape players . Simultaneously drives two big old Bic Studio Monitor speakers , and two utility speakers in another room , with fine quality distorion free sound . No problems .
 This basic amplifier/receiver unit was placed in our fireplace room solely for the purpose of providing good clean music and on occasion , seriously rocking out to your favorite tunes . It not only has satisfied the need but exceeded our expectations with regard to a reasonable level of fidelity . Be sure to give the unit plenty of breathing space as indicated in the instruction manual if you 're looking to play it at higher volumes because it will heat up fast . I am one of those who likes to feel as well as hear my music so I needed to create more space in my stereo cabinet to provide better airflow ; Now I can drive my speakers with plenty of power and have obtained good performance . The FM tuner also has good reception and the noise suppression is good so if you live within range of broadcasts , be sure to save some presets . As I said , it 's a basic unit so there are no HDMI or Blue Tooth connections but it does have several audio inputs , including an AUX so if you 're looking to connect an i-pod or similar type device , you are all set . Beware of stored music using mp3 compression or lossy data ; This unit , with good speakers , has the ability to expose that issue . I 'm very happy with my purchase .
 Although this may seem like a cheap option compared to 300 $ receivers , this is for sure a bargain and worth getting if you dont want a mega-7 speaker system . Have this set up to 2 sony ss-b3000 's in my dorm room and this receiver can easily handle the volume , have n't even turned it up all the way yet . Sounds great , just wish there were more clips on the back so I could handle more speakers .
 I purchased this to replace a 35 year old receiver that was on it 's way out and not performing well . I was getting static and not able to get stations and getting audio fade etc. . I use the receiver just for my CD player and the radio . Someday I 'll invest in a more sophisticated system but was not ready for that yet . I just wanted an inexpensive replacement for my receiver that will last for a while.I just received this and was able to set it up very easily and it works perfectly . No static , great reception . The remote is nice as my old one was probably built before remotes were available . I am not an audiophile so I am happy with something simple and straight forward . This fits the bill . If you have simpler needs , like mine , you probably ca n't beat this.Maybe just new after 35 years with the old faithful has impressed me but I still think for the price and basic operations you should be set . You can hook up to 4 speakers , 6 in/out lines and the FM and AM antenna . I have some wireless speakers also and plugged the antenna in one output and they work like a charm . I 'm happy . If you can find better at this price , go for it .
 I can not say enough good things about this receiver . It puts out such great sound and is a great price . I would recommend it to anyone looking for a amazing cheap receiver .
 I got it for my birthday . I did everything I wanted it to and surprised me with a couple of features like Dimmer and Sleep .
 Purchased this for my mother in order to replace a different model that was no longer working . I was particularly pleased that I was able to connect her turntable and cassette player to this receiver . The included remote makes it a little easier for her to use the receiver .
 For the money , this reciever ca n't be beat performance wise . I 've only had mine for about a month , so I ca n't comment on the durability and longevity of the unit . However , for the price , it 's worth the gamble ... If you 're looking for a straight forward , easy to use , powerful stereo reciever ... This is your guy .
 I was most concerned with tuner reception because I 'm situated in a tuner-challenged part of the city . Gets a great signal .
 I had to write this as I read so manythis was a perfect gift for me ! It works greatIt does not like the music blasting real high -- it will cutoff if you do so . It is one of the best bargainson the market and lives up to the Sherwood name for the money/All channels work and aI have the TV PC and Play station hooked upflawless
 I did n't want anything fancy , just something to hook my satellite radio up to . This fit the bill perfectly . It is getting harder and harder to find a 2 channel stereo receiver now days .
 Sound was good for the price . No phono preamp -LRB- turntable in -RRB- , no dedicated sub out , and rather large in comparison to other receivers with comparable features .
 This receiver is not for everyone , but the input selection and feature set for the price point is hard to resist for basic to moderate systems . This Sherwood is performing to expectations and very reliable .
 We love the Sherwood RX-4105 Stero Receiver . We received it very quickly and it was simple to hook up . The sound is incredibly fine , especially for such a good price . Although we have not as yet hooked it up to our `` B '' speakers , I do not anticipate any problems . I highly recommend this product
 I 've been playing with stereos for 50 years and OK , your friends will snicker , it 's not a Lexus . No one will be able to tell the difference in the sound . Even has a remote .
 Bought this amp to power some zone 2 remote speakers and it serves its purpose well . The 100W p/ch spec marries nicely with my Polk Atrium 7 outdoor speakers.Overall , a cheap , simple and useful amp .
 I unpacked and connected to a pair of Bose 201 speakers ... sounds great ! Had to read the manual to figure out how to set presets and manually tune ... not hard . The sound is clean . I would have wanted phono inputs too , but hey theres only a few of us left . Otherwise , this seems to be well made and quite powerful . So far so good ...
 My reciever had gone out in my Fisher stereo I had purchaced in 1991 . This hooked right up to my stystem and works great .
 For basic home stereo listening this receiver is a good choice . Easy hookup , settings , etc. . Delivers a fair amount of power to boost your speakers . Good product for the price .
 Quick setup with no tools needed & FMM & & Am recievers work great . CD player and Aux input for my XM Reciever work Great also .
 Great value for the money -- this does exactly what I needed it to do . Sounds great , works with my Logitech Harmony remote.-KiSalem Beats
 Great clean amp . I got it to replace an older Sherwood certified series receiver.this runs off my office computer . Mac Mini > Behringer UCA222 usb sound module > sherwood rx 4105 > monster cables > Pioneer SP-BS41-LR speakers.I liked the design with discreet amps for each channel . Keeps great channel separation.Clean and simple with a good AM/FM Receiver.Great value for the price .
 I own 3 of these recievers I like sherwood they are greatI have one hooked to the computer one to the tv and oneis used for stereo I have not had any problems with any of them .
 we use it in a local veterans club for the big screen tv and music , works great !
 For now , due mostly to budget constraints and my love of music , all of my receivers in the past 8 or so years are stereo receivers . I bought this receiver to replace an old Sony that broke . Nice , clean sound , well clean enough for me , I 'm using an ipod through a mini stereo to rca splitter . Sounds great , no complaints . Do n't let the 100watts fool you , I have an onkyo 50w stereo receiver and the capacitors in that are at least twice the size and sound punches through a bit louder . I have no qualms with this purchase , I needed a replacement on a tight budget and this piece fit the pizzle quite nicely . It powers my big polkaudio speakers with divine music and I 'm happy as a clam . yay cheap receivers . < 3
 I was looking for a cheap reciever with good power for my bedroom . I bought one from Amazon in 2005 and liked it so much I found another one , same model number two years later from another source . All the specifications were identical as was the face plate but the remote was completely different . ?? Well , yesterday the tuner went dead on the newer one . It wo n't tune , just lights up AM or FM but reads 000 on the tuner display . All the other functions except the tuner seem to work okay . -LRB- so far -RRB- So I have two of these and one is fine , the other one is n't . It is just what I was looking for , no phono , but I did n't need that for the bedroom , and good , clean sounding power . The other one , the power amp still sounds the same , good clean power but the tuner crapped out . One day it worked , the next day it was gone.UPDATE
 I just needed a simple stereo receiver . I like listening to tunes while working in my garage . Good power , easy to use , no frills . Price is great too .
 I 've been using this receiver for about three years now without any problems . Fills my large living room with clean , distortion-free sound pushing Vintage Advent Maestro speakers.If I were buying a receiver today , though , I 'd buy one with Surround Sound and with a built in EQ , like is available on Denon , Yamaha , and Onkyo .
 For a low cost 2 channel stereo receiver you ca n't do much better . I purchased this unit to power small speakers for my patio and yard . It has more than enough power with adequate features .
 I picked up this Sherwood RX-4105 Receiver to hook into my best friends computer and she loves it . Now she does n't have to listen to her ipod thru those tiny little speakers . We pick up a pair of floor speakers and another pair of desktop speakers -LRB- infinity -RRB- . Sounds a lot better than I expected too . 100 watts is more than enough power to fill her office.Just FYI
 I bought this reciever for a television room.It is hooked to the TV sound and gives clear , crisp sound.The room is too small for surround sound , but the stereo sound is perfect .
 I bought two of these at the same time . Heck - they were dirt cheap.I plan on using one for my two covered deck speakers outside and the other to power two large sound reinforcement speakers in my Digital Audio Workstation . The build quality is very good for the money . The unit does n't look cheap and has a fairly large power transformer giving it some heft . The controls are very simple and logically laid out . I did n't even need to crack open the user manual . You even get a two year warranty , however , I hope I never have to use it , as I do n't think it will be easy to get it repaired . The specifications are quite good . I show 105 watts per channel/rms , however , it does n't seem like it puts out this much power . I think this is due to the digital controlled volume knob . You have to really turn it a lot to get some volume . I think this is by design . The distortion rating is actually quite impressive for a cheap amp.The remote is cheap but works fine . I do n't plan on using it very much . It 's also a nice bonus I would n't have expected . The front push buttons are plastic and do n't always have a solid feel to them . -LRB- But - what do you expect for the price ? -RRB- I do n't think I would purchase this as my main music listening receiver but for secondary applications , -LRB- deck speakers , secondary room speakers , kids stereo , sub woofer amp , etc. -RRB- you just ca n't beat it.My biggest complaint is that the bass output is n't very strong . It 's not bad , but I guess I 'm used to higher end amplifiers like my Denon . You really have to crank up the bass tone control to get any bass output from my speakers . I think a `` loudness '' control would have been a good addition with this receiver . The receiver section is quite sensitive and is easy to program . -LRB- Also a nice bonus for a less than $ -LSB- ... -RSB- bucks . -RRB- Overall - it 's hard to beat for the price . Heck for these prices get a couple in case one breaks !
 Sherwood has been building receivers for a very long time and it 's no surprise that they like to keep things simple . The design of the RX-4105 is sleek looking with every function easy to get to , delivering awesome sound at an affordable price . This is a nice addition into the entry level of any audiophile , and it wo n't break the pocket book .
 Once again Amazon came through . I needed a replacement for a Sony receiver that had quit working and the Sherwood unit has met or exceeded my expectations . The only complaint I have is that it does not retain the last volume setting when the unit is turned off . The volume level is always at an intermediate default level when the unit is turned on and must be readjusted . Other than that , it is a great entry level receiver for the money . Free shipping was an extra bonus .
 I had a Pioneer system and the base station stopped working . Local store said there was no replacement and talked me into a surround sound system . That is fine but my 6 disc player did n't run on it . Now I have this in my sewing room and can play my CD or radio until my hearts content . YES for the price it is a good radio . My dad has Sherwood Ham Radios so I knew the quality would be there .
 For the money one could n't go wrong on this receiver/amp . The price was right and Sherwood has been around for a long time now . A 105 watts per channel is more than adequate to get the people in the next county to get up and applaud . Just make sure you have speakers that can handle this power . For around $ 117.00 out the door how can you go wrong ? I may buy another one just to have on hand for a present to give .
 It 's cheap and functions like it 's supposed . I would recommend this receiver for anyone looking or a cheap setup without sacrificing too much on quality .
 After reading the reviews on Amazon which were all excellent , I went ahead and purchased this receiver.I am totally impressed with the sound and clarity . I never heard of or purchased a Sherwood product beforehowever I will certainly consider and probably purchase other Sherwood products going forward .
 I needed a simple 2 channel stereo receiver to power some in ceiling speakers . After unboxing , it looked much better/professional than I was expecting . My speakers sounds great and it even has an A/B speaker selection switch . I will be buying another one soon .
 It 's a big old style receiver . Big and heavy , just like you used to have back in the 80 's when something like this cost $ 300 and was part of your rack of audio equipment . I bought it for use in the garage to plug a CD player into , to stream MP3 's and for the tuner . It comes with a loop AM antenna and a wire FM antenna . I have no issues picking up local stations in stereo and reception has been pretty good.I bought a cheap AV connector to hook up my laptop and stream my MP3 's through , and it works fine for that . The remote control has all the features you need , good range and they provide batteries.No noticeable hum or distortions , but the sound quality from my vintage Pioneer speakers could be better . It seemed like they really rocked years ago ... Did n't seem to get overly hot after being in use for several hours , but it is in a well ventilated area.I 'm not a big audiophile , so I do n't know that I could tell the difference between this and a higher priced receiver , but I can tell you that it does sound great in the garage . : -RRB- Not a bad receiver for the price , hopefully it will hold up for awhile .
 The Sherwood RX-4105 Two-Channel -LRB- 100 Watts each channel -RRB- is remarkable . Its sound performance rivals far more expensive audio equipment . Please disregard the critical review about it over heating . I have had it for the last three months and have used it heavily with my living room TV and music system 5-6 hours a day . For the first week I just left it on 24 hours a day to test for over heating . It has never even felt warm to the touch , much less burn you . Heat is absolutely no problem with the Sherwood . I made sure it was well-vented . I spent about 3 months researching CD players and amps . I am a retired disc jockey and I was going to buy my poor man 's ultimate dream audio system . I like to sit in my dark room with my eyes closed and just listen to every single element and nuance in the music . I really savor wonderfully produced music . My budget was $ 2000 - $ 3000 , maybe a little more if I thought it was worth it . I tried out other amps and CD players in my home on 30-day free trials . All I would have to pay is return shipping . I was going to get me a noticeably better system -- something that would make me say `` Wow '' . I tried out a $ 2000 Emotiva system , amp , pre-amp and CD player , complete with expensive speaker wires and cables and compared it to my 1990s $ 400 Kenwood KR-A5050 2-Channel -LRB- 100 watts per channel -RRB- and 10-year-old $ 125 JVC XV-N55 DVD player played through my 30-year-old $ 1500 Celestion Ditton 66 speakers , hooked up with inexpensive speaker wire and cables . While the Emotiva is beautiful , solidly-built equipment , it did not sound any better than my system . I let my ears make the decision . I really , really wanted to say `` Wow '' I wanted my ultimate dream system -- but it did n't happen . I also tried out a $ 400 Marantz CD5004 player and $ 400 Harman Kardon 3390 receiver -LRB- 80 watts per channel -RRB- complete with $ 200 speaker wires and compared it to my system . Both sounded fine and just as good as the Emotiva , but no better than my system . The expensive speaker wire was no better than my 30-year-old speaker wire . Emotiva was much better built than the Marantz and Harman Kardon , but at twice the price . Just for comparison , I finally decided to try out the inexpensive $ 100 Sherwood RX-4105 with a very cheap $ 40 Sony DVD . I needed this in my living room to use with the TV and custom-made speakers . I wanted to set up my Kenwood amp and Celestion speakers in my own music room . Lo and behold , the Sherwood receiver and Sony DVD rivaled the more expensive Emotiva , Marantz and Harman Kardon equipment . What I have learned in the last six months is that spending more money will get you better built equipment , but not necessarily better sound . Let your ears make the decision . If you want very good sound at a great price , buy the Sherwood RX-4105 and get you an inexpensive Sony DVD player to go with it . So what if I have to replace them within 1 or 2 or 5 years . I have a feeling they will be a remarkable bargain at $ 140 .
 There is n't a whole lot to say about this amp other than it is great ! It was much much cheaper than any other kinds of amps on the market today , and for what I needed , a simple amp to drive 2 speakers connected to a DVD VCR CD Changer and a TV . It does it all perfectly , the radio works , the dials and buttons are just that , dials and buttons . No complaints at all . Do n't expect it to make baked goods or take your kids to soccer practice , but it is one high quality amp , at a great price , from a very reputable company . Ca n't beat that . Thanks to Amazon and everyone else 's reviews that helped me pick it out !
 A very affordable stereo with many inputs and outputs for its price range a very good deal with a price you can not find in a electronic store but here online !!!
 So far I love this receiver . It has worked well and is very simple to use . Some have said setting the presets is difficult but I thought it was very simple . I paired this stereo with a pair of Element ESB1 speakers from tigerdirect.com and a powered sub-woofer and could not be happier with this product . I 've read so many reviews saying the sound quality sucks and marking the lack of surround features as a con . I do n't understand this . It 's not a con of this product , if that 's what you want , go buy one that is made for that . I disagree with the bad FM reception . I live roughly 40 miles from all of the radio stations and picked up over 20 stations and have half of the presets used using just the supplied antenna . I feel this receiver gets a lot less credit then whats it 's worth . If you have been pondering over this unit , do yourself a favor and buy it .
 Have this unit in my barn for the last two years . It works in 100 degreesand 10 degrees . It 's dusty out there and I need to blow it out - kindafeel like I 've torture tested the little bugger . I 'm impressed with the durability .
 Price is what sold me on this particular receiver . In the time that i have had it , it has sounded good and performed as expected .
 I was looking for a basic stereo receiver for use in my workshop . It meet these requirements perfectly as it allows listening to FM/AM radio and I can plug in my iTouch when I want to listen to my own music . The receiver is straight forward and does what it is intended to do well .
 I have to say I have not issues with the unit however the interface just feels dated . I simply need a 2 channel receiver to power in wall speakers upstairs for music and accompany a movie here and there , it does seem to do that and sounds well doing it . My only issues is if seems as if it were manufactured in 1990 and there are still stacks of them being sold . The buttons and the look just feel so outdated but it works well for the price .
 The Sherwood RX-4105 receiver was exactly what I was looking for . Great price for a product which does the job very well . I did n't need a high end receiver and did n't even need a remote control having never had one on a stereo receiver . However , now that I have it I find myself using it frequently . The receiver sounds good , works flawlessly and is an incredible bargain in terms of price . It 's easy to use , does n't have a lot of extra bells and whistles but does everything as advertised . I would definitely recommend it .
 I bought this Sherwood to replace a 2-channel Sony STR-DH100 receiver that I kept in my bedroom . I used this receiver almost exclusively for one function
 I reviewed many similar receivers and this one fit my needs . It went into my workshop area & I icoupled my cd/dvd player to it . So far it is performing as expected.For the money it is well worth it .
 This receiver , for my needs is perfect . All of the functions are useful , plenty of power , light weight , and the price ... Wow !
 I was looking for a receiver to replace my old Sony and this is perfect . Sounds great with plenty of power and very simple to use .
 I wanted a basic system to drive a couple of quality speakers -LRB- Cerwin-Vega D5 's -RRB- . I am amazed at the sound quality from this receiver . I really ca n't add to the 5-star reviews already written , but I will agree with them all.If you need a basic system with plenty of power to drive one or two pair of speakers , you wo n't go wrong with this choice .
 This is a great sounding machine . Like the other reviews , it 's quiet , low noise is amazing . I looks great and beats everything else I 've tested at this price level . I highly recommend .
 We sleep better and fall back asleep faster with ambient music softly playing and needed to replace an older receiver that quit . The replacement would need to be simple , connect to two speakers and the cable box , have an easy-to-use-in-the-dark remote , and have good low volume range . We tried a bookshelf stereo and were able to connect to the cable box but the display was too bright and the volume difficult to adjust . This receiver is simple and easy to use and has a dimmer for the display .
 Stereo arrived when expected and worked without any problems . Slightly annoying in that when you turn it on , you do n't hear sound for a few seconds and then hear the unit select the last selected speakers A or B or both . Considering the rock bottom discount price , I almost expected a ripoff of some sort . The unit works great . I 've got it hooked up to an outdoor inground speaker system and I was surprised at the sound quality . Perhaps if you are a sound expert , it maybe low end , but for your average user , is delivers a reasonable sound quality . Inputs and outputs where sufficient to allow me to hook the unit to my cable box and dvr/cd player and if I had more things to connect it to , it appears to have plenty of additional inputs . I will eventually expand the unit and add a 2nd pair of speakers for indoor use . The unit allows me this flexibility .
 I do n't have the 4105 , but I have the 4103 . As Amazon does n't sell the 4103 , I reasoned that the 4105 is pretty close to the 4103 . I do n't know how well the radio works . Never used it . I bought mine to power 2 passive subwoofers I own . It 's more than enough to shake the walls . I wrote this review for the reviewer that said all you could do with this receiver was play CDs -LRB- since his radio would n't work -RRB- . You can also plug in a DVD -LRB- for two-channel sound -RRB- or a phono
 I wanted a receiver so I could listen to the radio and CD 's in my living room . I did not need surround sound nor did I want to buy additional speakers . My home has on open plan so I 'm not just in the living room sitting and listening . It works great . Its a little more difficult to set up preset stations but that is easily forgiven because the sound quality is better than my last unit .
 Needed an immediate solution cheap two channel receiver for a client and with Amazon Prime it was cheaper in the long run to order it here and avoid paying a distributor a premium for blue label UPS . One of my tech 's installed it and he said it had a beefy power supply , not IC driven but discrete transistor outputs so what more can you ask for in a budget receiver .
 Ca n't believe you can buy a 2 channel receiver for $ 80 in 2010 of this quality . Great job Sherwood.Will certainly buy more of your products
 I bought this unit to replace a 40-year-old Akai stereo receiver that finally gave it up . I really only use it as an amplifier for a bedroom DVD-CD player and television powering a pair of speakers . The satellite programming package I use has music channels included and I live in the country so I do n't use the FM receiver section of the unit , so I ca n't comment on that . It sounds and works great so far -LRB- a big sonic improvement over my old receiver -RRB- and has more than enough inputs for my needs , so I feel it is an outstanding buy for the money . I also like having a remote control with a mute function for use with the TV which the old Akai receiver did n't have . I 'm considering buying another one for powering some speakers I own to use with my computer instead of the inferior ones that came with it .
 Bought this to power my house wide built in speakers . It will power Polk floor standing main speakers along with the house system ... with ease . At first it would clip if I played it too loud , but after time it quit doing that and plays like one of those old Japanese receivers from the seventies . Clean , full frequency response power ... an amazing deal .
 One of the very few products on the market that does precisely what it says it does . Easy to set up and very easy to use due to the remote control included . We only have it turned up to 13 or 14 but the sound goes far beyond that number so the power in this little asset is truly awesome . Be sure to use it with all you peripherals as it has plenty of hookups for them . Great quality , great price , what more can you ask for ?
 It 's not a 500w boom box , but the sound is great and the remote is handy . The AM and FM frequency is clear . It 's a great receiver !
 With the brick-and-mortar stores pretty much void of anything but high-end 5.1 receivers , it is gratifying to have a site like Amazon offer an affordable alternative for those not needing any thing fancy in their home entertainment system . The Sherwood RX-4105 is just such an alternative ; a simple two-channel sound system , with five different audio sources including am-fm radio . For those simply needing to navigate between the audio inputs of their separate components and not interested in a fancy 5.1 speaker system , this is the way to go .
 I ordered this to provide a quick solution for my office . I worked perfectly out of the box and offers the quality of sound I was hoping for . It is not my primary music system but is great to use while I am working .
 Good deal for a bare bones stereo receiver with remote . Seems to work well after a month of use and is built solidly enough . $ 89 and free shipping .
 Had four perfectly good stereo speakers , bought this to power the speakers for improved TV audio.Took the unit out of the box , plugged it in , jacked the TV audio out to the unit , jacked in the four speakers , turned everything on , and Voila!Sure beats the TV 's built in speakers , we can blow ourselves right out of the den with the sound if we choose . Great bass too.It 's a no-brainer to set up , ours has worked well for at least a year now , and it looks right at home on our black glass TV stand.If you already have 2-4 speakers , you can have yourself a great sounding audio system for a fraction of the regular price.Bear in mind , this is no frills , it 's not `` surround sound '' -- you are merely buying a receiver that will power up to 4 speakers.We do n't use the radio so I wo n't address the radio at all .
 Great little reciever . Puts out great power and sound . Just wish I could separately control the volume on the A and B speakers.Would like very much to find an inexpensive amplified receiver that I can have separate volume , treble , and bass controlls for two or more pairs of speakers .
 Works fine . Good remote control . The receiver has a good feature of being able switch tone back and forth between a self selected sound or what is being send by the medium , DVD , CD , TV . And it is really low priced !
 I bought this receiver to replace a receiver I bought 25 years ago . Not many stores handle receivers anymore so I searched Amazon and found this one . I 'd say that this receiver fit the bill with regards to my minimal requirements ; however , I 'd redesign the remote control .
 This receiver seems to be a great value . I 'm not an audiophile , but it does everything I need it to do . I use it primarily to amplify my computer for playing music with iTunes . Set up was easy and intuitive . The remote is an unexpected treat .
 usally prefer buying from local vendors but thought this was a high value product . intended originally , for the garage . but ended up replacing the house stereo instead . got item a day ahead of scheduled delivery very satisfied
 So my mom 's old NEC stereo receiver caught fire after 23 years of service -LRB- they just do n't make 'em like that anymore -RRB- , so naturally I jump to the task of being the better child of 2 , and purchase this replacement.Negative : Big , takes up a lot of space in our hutch , was difficult to wire in that space.Positive
 For the price , this reciever cant be beat . It has provided me with all the sound that i could possibly want . It sounds great and works great ! Great starting block for a great home system .
 Quick and easy to install , works great , I just purchased itand for the length of time I have used it , I can only commenton the easy installation and the fact that it works great withno problems . I would definitely recommend this product to anyoneinterested in a notebook adapter . I used it on my Dell Laptopcomputer .
 The card arrived on time as promised and works at least as well as described
 I have a PC that has USB problems but was able to get connected using the Notebook adapter . Works Great .
 En mi casa tengo un Wireless WRT310N , que funciona muy bien . Pero quer&iacute;a ampliar la se & ntilde ; al para mi laptop Thinkpad R40 , que utiliza un tarjeta WPC54G ver .3 , Con esta nueva tarjeta la se & ntilde ; al mejoro bastante , pero pensaba que hiba a estar mejor , ya despues me d&iacute; cuenta que ese Router funciona mejor con otro modelo de tarjeta WUSB300N , pero la verdad no me arepiento de la compra era un buen precio !!! Ya pronto tendre una Laptop Lenovo Ideapad Y550 .
 My old G notebook adapter just was not working that well with my new N router and was not catching a strong signal in my two story house . I got this linksys N adapter brand new in box in three days and was able to install the software and have it up and running with full strength in less than 10 minutes.Still not as fast downloading as with being connected directly to the cable wire , but still much quicker than my old adapter . And for my occasional browsing of the web and or download of video or music , this gets the job done nicely .
 Product was delivered quickly and in good condition . It was very easy to set up . I just ran the CD and plugged it in and i was online . It seems to get good range in my house , even on different floors the signal strength is good .
 This wireless adapter arrived in a timely manor and was brand new . Just like purchasing from a store . Extremely happy with purchase .
 With 4 laptops , 3 desktops , and several WiFi nanny cams connecting to my Wifi-G network at home , I 'm sticking to my good ol' standby Linksys WRT-54G and not going to mess with upgrading to N . That being said , two of the laptops are older ones w/o built-in Wifi connectivity , and the old USB Wifi-B adapters did n't support WPA2 . So I picked up two of these Linksys Wifi-N PC Card adapters , and they work very well on my G network . Very happy with them .
 I purchased this item to improve the interface between my home network and a Compaq NX9010 Laptop . I installed it following the included instructions and it was up and working . I noticed an imediate improvement in thruput , which is how I gage a product . An excellent product at a teriffic price .
 Took less than 5 minutes to install . Used Windows XP to install and only used the Linksys disk as source of driver . Went from standard G speed of 54 mps to 130 mps right out of the box . Range is only ok . But for the price of less than $ 24 , I am very happy .
 I bought two Linksys WPC300N Wireless-N Notebook adapter to use on two notebooks -LRB- Toshiba and HP -RRB- and the installation process ran fine without problems . I left my Win XP takes control my wireless conections and configurations and I didnt use the Linksys 's application.I have a new Linksys wireless router WRT160N and with these new configuration I could notice an improve on my network.I am very happy with these equips so far .
 Good for saving a USB port but tends to get REALLY hot . Mine quit working after about a year of regular use as well . It 's okay , but that 's about it . I 'd go with something that lasts a bit longer and does n't seem like it 's going to melt the half of your laptop its plugged into .
 I bought this Notebook Adapter to speed up the connection for my wife 's new laptop -LRB- which had built-in wireless-G capability -RRB- . However , I discovered that it does n't fit into the Toshiba 's slot ! It 's not the fault of the adapter -- somehow the slot in the laptop does not accept standard PC cards . So , I used it on her old laptop , and it is blazing fast -LRB- it had wireless-B previously -RRB- .
 just great , very sharp and just about everyone at my job is going to buy.i very impress with the linksys product , and will investigate with other items to buy . GREAT PRODUCT !!
 I got two of these units . They work way better then the G wireless units . Set-up was so easy too . Now i can use my laptop any where in the house . And my son uses the other one on his laptop a college anywhere .
 I returned the wireless-g pcmci card to best buy and purchased this one . Far much better and faster then other products that I tested . I recommend it for the performance and price .
 It was easy to install and works better and faster than what I had before .
 Despite some poor reviews I got this adapter to go with my WRT160N Router . I was surprised and happy . It installed on my older Windows XP 1.00 GHz laptop with no problem and I have not had any problems with it since . The only downside is that throughput from my wired computer and the internet is not the fastest -LRB- I have seen it be between 36 and 117 KbPS . But for me that is still great since with wireless B I was getting , at the most , 5.5 KbPS , if I could stay connected .
 Have an Acer laptop with built in wirless . Not good . This Linksys `` N '' works great .
 It took trying 5 other drivers to get it lit up , but finally did w/ndiswrapper . Works solid . Using wep 128 . Broadcom Corporation BCM43XG -LSB- 14e4 :4329 -RSB- -LRB- rev 01 -RRB- bcmwl5 -LRB- Broadcom ,10 / 12/2006 , 4.100.15.5 -RRB- loaded BCM40100.exe
 I needed a Wireless `` N '' Adapter for my kids older laptop and I did n't want to spend a lot of money . The Linksys WPC300n was the answer . Very happy with the product .
 this is great the price was wonderful easy to setup and price waswonderful because price them in the store and i could n't afford itand then i remember amazon.com thank you
 I do n't believe I could be happier with any other product.It is fast and dependable . What more can I say?Jim
 I had recently purchased the linksys wireless-N router and I was using the wireless G adapter built into my laptop , and I was getting mixed results , the connection speed was adequate , but I kept getting dropped from the wireless network several times per hour . I decided to upgrade to the WPC300N Wireless-N Notebook Adapter to see if it would fix the problem , and sure enough , I havent had any connection issues since . I recommend this product !
 After upgrading my laptop to Vista Business , my old Linksys 802.11 G adapter decided to become flaky and only connect to my wireless LAN when the moon was in the 7th house and Jupiter aligned with Mars -LRB- Everyone sing along ! -RRB- . I like Cisco products , and have been using Linksys equipment for years . I ordered one of these adapters and followed the directions . First mistake . Do n't follow the directions , just plug the thing in and let Vista find the right drivers . Vista does n't like the install and tells you that there are compatability issues -LRB- see some of my other reviews -RRB- and stops the install . So I downloaded the latest Vista drivers from Linksys and tried using those . Vista took one look at them , turned up its nose and stated that the installed drivers were newer and wo n't even consider using the ones you downloaded . By the way , while I was downloading the drivers , Vista used my old settings and connected to my network , without my looking . Sneaky . I unplugged the hard line and have not experienced any issues . I also use my laptop with my Boy Scout troop , and it attached to my church 's wireless LAN easily . I now have to install the 802.11 n wireless router to gain the other advantages .
 Just installed this with no problems whatsoever . It took about 3 minutes and I was on line . I write this review to answer the question that I had before buying this network adaptor . My Wireless G router is in the basement and I started working on the second floor but kept losing the signal . I added this hoping that it would help -LRB- without changing the router -RRB- and it DOES increase reception and the speed is now significantly faster than my old Wireless G card was anywhere in the house .
 I installed this card on my Toshiba notebook running win xp . I just did wat the quick install manual said and it was installed . I updated the driver as soon as i got connected to my N network and everything was all good . Easy install , simple directions and its more than double the speed and signal of my G network . I know there have been bad reviews of this card but it must have been a bad card . I had no problems at all installing , setting up or running this card . Add in the increased range and speed , a must buy !
 I have an older Dell laptop running XP using a linksys WPC 11 V4 adapter trying to connect to a Netgear N router . I uploaded the latest driver for the WPC 11 that supports WEP security and it still did n't work . So I purchased this WPC300N and it worked fine with WPA security . The only problem is that I do n't get the extended range I 'm suppose to get with a wireless N router .
 Since I do alot of streaming audio and video it works better then the wireless G that is built in my laptop . The ability of being connected at 240 MBps is better then the 54 MBps that G allows . The fact that it is even backwards capable to G and B is a plus . If you push large files or HD streaming video and want to keep your laptop wireless , then this is the way to go . Be sure that you do have a wireless N Router to have the bandwidth .
 I used it with a brand new laptop that has Vista , connected a printer which on other laptops has needed drivers installing , and it worked immediately . That probably has more to do with Vista but the adapter certainly works fine .
 I have a Canon Projector which has two HD15 RGB/Component female connectors on the rear of the projector . I also have a Comcast cable box and DVD player sharing one Canon HD15 connect and a Wii and PS3 sharing the other . I got tired of switching plugs back and forth in back of the projector.So I purchased two Aten VS231 's and they work perfectly with no picture or audio problems . You can switch manually in the front of the box or use the small remote control included . These do require using the included AC adapters . Aten also sells a 4 port model as well . While a bit pricey , they do work A-OK and much easier than switching plugs back and forth . No loss of performance or video degration .
 This is a neat matrix switch -LRB- it really feels heavy duty -RRB- , switching as many as 5 RCA cables at a time . I say it that way so people understand that it can be used in ` composite ' -LRB- 1 video + 2 audio -RRB- or ` component ' -LRB- 3 video plus 2 audio -RRB- switching applications . I bought the two port version , switching either of two devices to a third . The manufacturer even has a technical hotline , which in my case was necessary because it did n't work right out of the box . The technician helped me debug the problem . The battery in the remote was dead , at least dead enough to not deliver the signal strongly enough . A quick run to CVS solved the problem.In addition , and the honest reason they get 5 stars , the designers apparently took care that the switching mechanics for the audio RCA sockets , if you use them for your audio cables , eliminate any sounds from disconnecting which could occur during the switching ; so it 's a quiet switch . Nice ! -LRB- Should I ask ATEN for a new battery ? -RRB-
 The old ones had pretty much disentigrated and these fit perfectly and feel good to the ears . My old Grado 's sound and feel new again .
 I replaced my original Grado SR60 ear pads with these S-CUSH pads . My originals had discolored and were no longer spongy . These replacements do the job . It just seems to me that $ 10 for 2 pieces of foam is pretty expensive , especially considering that the original SR60 headphone cost $ 60 . That makes the pads 16 % of the cost of the headphones ? -LRB- That 's why I knocked off one star . -RRB- BTW , I have a second Grado SR60 whose earpads also disintegrated . I replaced those with the L-CUSH pads that are actually intended for the SR80 and they fit the SR60 just fine . They have a different feel
 fine replacement earpads for SR80i Grados . Yeah , there are bigger replacement earpads , and maybe they might make music sound a little more expansive , but they look goofy and you 'd look all the more the nerd if you wore them . these are replacement for the earpads that come with the 80i . fit perfectly
 I had worn out my cushions that came with my Grado prestige series SR 60 headset , and these replacements are unreal . They are so comfortable and adds to the experience of listening to music . I came home hungry from work and my package arrived and I changed out my cushions and forgot I was hungry because it felt so good to sit and listen to music :-RRB- Hope this helps .
 I purchased the Grado SR80s in 2007 , which came with earpads similar to the L-Cush Earpads . I loved my SR80s , but to be honest , the earpads made listening for > 1 hr very uncomfortable -LRB- they were very hard -RRB- . For the past couple of weeks , I noticed small black particles were all over my ears , and only realized that the earpad foam was disintegrating after reading some reviews . So I ordered these , which come standard with the SR80i 's , I believe . I 've had it for less than a day , but already , I barely notice my headphones because they are so much more comfortable . I intend to use my headphones much more often now .
 Used these to replace the worn out pads on my 5 year old Grado `` Alessandro Music Series '' cans . The Alessandro are a specialized `` music industry '' version of the SR80i . Just wanted to assure readers the pads fit these also as well as the more popular Grado Headphones . Easy to install and they fit great and feel nice . No problem for me to wear these for hours . They feel as good or better than the originals .
 These pads are made of a harder , less dense foam than the Grado OEM pads . I liked these better as they maintain a more ideal shape and should last longer . The originals were so soft that they began to disintegrate after a few years , and I think the dense foam blocks some of the high frequencies . The fit on the headphones is snug and very stable . My ears quickly adjusted to the coarser texture , and the fit to my ears is better since these do not collapse in the center . I got 2 pairs and expect they will last for the life of the headphones . Often out of stock , grab them when you can ! My order was delivered in 4 days by first class mail .
 I use my Grado SR60 every day and my original set of ear pads finally disintegrated . These S-CUSH are thicker and have a better shape than the original type and fit perfectly . Nice to have fresh pads that make these great headphones very comfortable to wear .
 They 're soft . They feel great against your ears . They are WAY better than the stock pads that come with the SR60 and SR80s . My one criticism is that the tend to degrade after 3 or 4 years of use -LRB- these are my second pair -RRB- . But that 's not a big deal in my opinion.Bottom line - if you do n't have these yet , get 'em .
 Overall , I received the product in the mail in no time . I am very satisfied with them and I would definitely buy from this user again .
 Some questions have been raised about whether or not the Grado S-CUSH being sold on Amazon.com are the genuine Grado product . I emailed Grado , and they told me that Audio Advisor and Needle Doctor sell the real Grado S-CUSH . I verified that with Audio Advisor and Needle Doctor . Audio Advisor is an Amazon.com Marketplace Seller . There are overseas manufacturers who make Grado compatible cushions , but if you want the real thing , these vendors are where to get them.I purchased a set of S-CUSH from Audio Advisor , and they are exactly the same as the cushions on my new Grado SR80i.Although the Sennheiser HD414 cushion is a great cushion , on some Grado models -LRB- like the Alessandro MS2i -RRB- I prefer the S-CUSH . It 's matter of experimentation.Knock-offs are a problem in the audio industry . This should answer any questions regarding the genuine Grado S-CUSH .
 Fit great , a little coarse at first , the manufacture has them for ten dollars but you have to fax them your credit card number.After a couple days use they feel fine , not a soft as the ones that came with the Grados.Would buy again .
 I 've owned a pair of SR-60 headphones for a long enough time that the foam earpads wore out . Rather than seek out the original replacement product I made a mistake and bought the pegboard Radio Shack product . They were n't nearly as robust and as a consequence hurt my ears during long periods of listening , the sound I heard through the product was n't quite the same , and on more than one occasion the pad came off . The replacement product is as advertised . If anything it is a slight improvement over the original material as I 'm confident Grado tries to improve the product . May the earpads last for many years as I use them at least two hours everyday .
 If you want these at a better price , try B&H in New York . They sell them for $ 10.00 and free shipping as well .
 I got these for work . Warehouse order selector . We use headsets for picking orders and sweat alot . After awhile the ones we used would stink and irritate the ear . I found these to replace the ones our job supplied us with and these feel great . A tad bigger than the others but its only because the cushion . No more irritation to the ear .
 I do n't know if these are the regulation Grado earpads or not , and after reading a couple of the bad reviews I was reluctant to buy them , but I did anyway and could n't be happier . They may not be as soft as my old earpads , but then again they may well be . My old ones were so worn out they had holes in them . Anyway , these things are great .
 This is a very good product , but not a cool design . This is my opinion though . If you like yellow then this is the product for you ! The range is good , the quality is good , but the style is not for me . Maybe for you but not for me .
 This is probably my tenth radio I have owned -LRB- I usually lose them when the snow season is over -RRB- Its compact enough that it fits in my jackets poket while im snowboarding . It has very clear sound , I have owned the Motorola radios and this is by far better sounding and the receprion on the mountain isnt 2 miles but its good enough to keep in contact at Heavenly -LRB- big resort -RRB- The Fm radio feature is great when I 'm on the lifts or sliding down the slopes it totally relaxes me for a better ride . I will be sure not to lose these this year .
 I have hardly any experience with this type of radio , so I read some reviews and took the plunge ... and I am very happy with the Kenwood . The radio can be put in FM or FRS or a combination FM/FRS mode , in which you can listen to FM , but be contacted by someone else . Neither FM nor FRS requires the use of the headphones , but I think the headphones probably improve the communications -LRB- and without them , the FM is mono -RRB- . I thought the in-ear headphones might be a pain , but I prefer them to the conventional type . These are small , attractive radios and the controls make sense , although it is necessary to read the manual . Although I 'm sure there are lots of other good radios , this one is an excellent choice .
 This is probably my tenth radio I have owned -LRB- I usually lose them when the snow season is over -RRB- Its compact enough that it fits in my jackets poket while im snowboarding . It has very clear sound , I have owned the Motorola radios and this is by far better sounding and the receprion on the mountain isnt 2 miles but its good enough to keep in contact at Heavenly -LRB- big resort -RRB- The Fm radio feature is great when I 'm on the lifts or sliding down the slopes it totally relaxes me for a better ride . I will be sure not to lose these this year .
 I have hardly any experience with this type of radio , so I read some reviews and took the plunge ... and I am very happy with the Kenwood . The radio can be put in FM or FRS or a combination FM/FRS mode , in which you can listen to FM , but be contacted by someone else . Neither FM nor FRS requires the use of the headphones , but I think the headphones probably improve the communications -LRB- and without them , the FM is mono -RRB- . I thought the in-ear headphones might be a pain , but I prefer them to the conventional type . These are small , attractive radios and the controls make sense , although it is necessary to read the manual . Although I 'm sure there are lots of other good radios , this one is an excellent choice .
 This is a very good product , but not a cool design . This is my opinion though . If you like yellow then this is the product for you ! The range is good , the quality is good , but the style is not for me . Maybe for you but not for me .
 I bought the tripod and I found it great . I can use it with my camera and camcorder . Without much effort . It 's easy to use , compact and not very heavy to carry.Great value for money
 I love this lens . It is very good for indoor photography , because the relatively wide angle it covers lets you take in what is happening in an enclosed space , and the speed lets you hand hold your camera without a flash . It autofocuses quickly , and is plenty sharp . Because it 's wide angle , the depth of field at large F-stops is n't hideously narrow . Well worth the money .
 If you can find this lens , it is probably the best `` normal '' fast lens you can find to use on your digital SLR . The 28mm focal length translates to 42mm in digital perspective , which is just about right for most shooting . The F stop of 1.8 lets you do something you could n't with film - shoot indoors without a flash . The reason film did n't work is because the colors are always off . With digital , you can adjust the color balance to be perfect without light-reducing filters . Besides , with the variety of flourescents used today , the color on film never comes out right . However , when used on a film camera , you now have a FAST wide-angle lens that will stop action . Lenses like this will become rarer as manufacturers make `` digital-only '' lenses -LRB- see the Sigma 30mm F1 .4 for example -RRB- . An additional benefit is that this lens is not overly large . It needs 58mm filters -LRB- not 72 or 77 like a lot of slower zooms do -RRB- , which are a lot less expensive . Do n't confuse with the newer Sigma 28mm F1 .8 Macro , which uses the larger filters -LRB- and therefore is a lot larger lens -RRB- . If you do your shopping , you can pick this jewel up for less than 200 bucks .
 This lens is a must . The photos are crisp and clear ; the colors true . It is easy to hold because it is light and small . The 1.8 makes it extremely useful in lower light situations . But it is also stellar outside in bright light . Quick focus .
 The speakers have excellent quality . We installed 2 pair in our pontoon boat and the sound is great !!
 I Purchased these to replace a set of existing speakers of same make and model number they fit like a glove and work great
 Having used the Sigma 70-200mm F2 .8 EX HSM lens for portrature and wildlife work in Costa Rica recently , I can highly recommend this lens . The lens is very strong and well built , extremely fast , silent , and sharp . There are times when the lens will hunt a little bit when focusing , but this is not enough of a problem to cause you to miss a shot or cause a problem . The ability to imediately manualy focus the lens without having to switch to manual focus is not only a great convenience , it is absolutely a necesity when photoghaphing wildlife in the jungle , or even through the brush or in a tree in your own backyard . If your camera should focus on the foreground clutter instead of the desired subject matter , all one has to do is to rotate the focusing ring to focus on the subject , and shoot . I have found this lens to be extremely sharp and acurate over the entire frame area . The F2 .8 light gathering ability is excelent , alowing you to add the Sigma APO 2X EX teleconverter to have a fully auto 140-400 F5 .6 lens as well for little more money . Using this combination as well I have noticed no decrease in sharpness of image quality , although focusing may be slightly slower . In continuous focus mode this combination still had no trouble keeping up with birds in flight , although a tripod would be highly recomended . A nice feature is the tripod mount which can be used to grip and hold the lens and camera while shooting , or in less than a second can be detatched from the lens if so prefered . The camera can also be rotated a full 360 degrees within the tripod mount instead of the stndard 90 degrees of most other brands of lenses . The lens comes complete with with end caps , a padded soft side storage case , and even a lens hood , specialy designed to eliminate vigneting - at no extra charge . Although normaly dedicated to Nikor lenses , after inspecting and using this lens I found it to be equal in quality and better designed -LRB- in my opnion -RRB- in some areas than the Nikor 80-200 F2 .8 silent wave lens . It is also smaller and lighter than the Nikor lens , a big plus in all day use , in or out of the jungle . On top of everything else I was able to purchase the Sigma lens for ... less than the Nikor lens . A great lens at a great price .
 I love this lens . It is very fast and extremely sharp . However , after getting the lens I had to send it to Sigma in NJ for a software adjustment so that it would not freeze on my F100 . Seems that after about three minutes of HSM focusing on F100s the Sigma lens freezes . It can be unfrozen by turning the power on the camera off and on , but that 's a pain . Sigma repaired it very quickly and I now love it . I use a 1.4 x Sigma converter with it and very much like the combination.This lens is big and heavy , but very sturdy in feel and wonderfully bright . I feel it is a great alternative to the Nikon silent wave version with is almost twice as expensive .
 I wo n't repeat what other reviewers have said but I do want to say that this is a wonderfully sharp , bright , and very well built lens.When I bought the lens and mounted it on my Nikon F100 I found that the AF would lock after a minute or two of use . I phoned Sigma and they said to send it in for a reprogramming . They were very fast with turnaround and the lens now works perfectly . Newer models may be updated by now , but the trouble of sending it off was minimal.The HSM is very fast and accurate , plus very quiet . I love this lens with my 1.4 x and 2.0 x Sigma teleconverters . In my opinion , a real bargain when it comes to well made fast zooms .
 Being located in Los Angeles were some of my favorite stations have peer reception I was hesitant to order any under the cabinet radio . When I found this iPod unit I figured if the radio did n't live up to the reviews I 'd at least have my pod . The installation was fairly easy , clearing the bottom cabinet shelf , marking holes from underneath with the easy to use template , drilling , fitting the spacers , and tightening the four mounting screws . Took 10 minutes from start to finish . I swung the iPod connection bracket down and fired it up . I was pleased with the sound . I switched to the FM radio and dialed up my favorite NPR stations and was amazed at the reception ! I switched to AM and tried the talk and news stations and loved the results . All stations I want are clear , little interference , volume is good , tone is good , remote is useful , I love most aspects of this unit . The only thing I can think of to say about that is annoying is the volume setting when turning it on is not the same as I had it set to when I powered it off , it is louder than I would like it to be . If I can figure out how to change the default power on volume I will be perfectly happy with this . One interesting feature that I puzzled over until I thought about it was the volume down button is double the size of the volume up button . I guess it is a tactile signal so you can turn it down with less attention in a hurry .
 This unit sounds pretty good for the price.Features are nice and controls are intuitive.The one criticism I have is the AM tuner . This was one of the features I really wanted , however I was unable to tune in a single AM station.The FM is Crystal clear.Ipod control is nice , also nice to have aux input/output . Be sure to plan for room for swing down cradle the that holds Ipod . Once in it can be tucked out of the way.Cheers ...
 I have searched for quite a while to find a unit like this for our kitchen that works as advertised . There have been many disappointments , but this unit is the best I have found . I like the functionality and style , it frees up counter space and sounds reasonably good for the price . Value for money ... I think it is excellent.I do have problems with the FM radio reception of some of the Public Broadcast channels . One channel seems to overpower the others but I have established that this has something to do with the door of my ` over the hob ' microwave which is within 3 ' of where I have mounted the radio and must be in the same plane as the radio signal . I also get interference from undercounter flourescents ... but this is only to be expected . I have not used the AM option but am aware that the orientation of the unit is critical for best reception in this mode.The iPod functionality is excellent ... . it works well with an old 20G -LRB- 3rd gen ? -RRB- clickwheel iPod , a 60G 5th Gen iPod Video and an iPod Touch . With the Touch the mounting will not accommodate the additional width of any of the accessory cases . In all these examples the unit charges them as well . A nice feature is that once the iPod is in place and the playlist selected the holder can be swung round and clicked back into the body of the unit . A basic remote then allows stop , pause , play , back , forwards and volume control . Alternatively it can be left down so that you can see the iPod display.The only way I could get a 2nd gen shuffle to play was to use an accessory cable to connect it to the aux in socket on the side . In this case it does not charge it.In conclusion ... this is a very good unit that does exactly what it claims it can do very competently . Excellent value .
 I bought this product not really knowing if it was going to look cheap or have poor quality ... but I was pleasantly surprised . It looks great and sounds great !!
 I got this for my Zen Stone and could n't be happier . The plugs fit perfect and there is ample cord for when I exercise . This is a good buy
 To echo what is said about the new release SIGMA lenses - WOW.Canon look out . I was shopping for a new toy for XMAS and settled on the CANON 14mm F2 .8 L lens . It was very nice but for the price hard to justify . I asked for an eval of the Canon and this , the Sigma alternative at 1/3rd the price . Head to head testing of the lenses on my Canon EOS 50 -LRB- ELAN -RRB- using ISO 200 film resulted in the Sigma producing a crisper image with better definition and colour saturation . Both lenses have a little `` flattening '' of the image at the edges as they try to compensate for curvature but the Sigma in my opinion is closer to true . Neither lens had any trouble Auto-Focusing during the day -LRB- Canon felt a little faster -RRB- . The Sigma was a little unsure of itself on when I went for a night/bulb exposure of the starscape . Switched to Manual , set for infinity and away we went . My only other issue with the Sigma is the lens hood is not quite big enough where the Canon is spot on . Still you have to be looking really hard for faults to find them.Tooling around with the lens has been lots of fun . I had never considered using the lens for indoors shots but it is magic . Architecture photography is going to be a new thing for me I think .
 As another reviewer said earlier , sometimes the QA from Sigma is hit or miss . I have had the same experience in the past . The last 2 Sigmas I have tried have been fine -LRB- 14 and 150 macro -RRB- My copy of this lens for Nikon is pretty nice -LRB- sharp , decent contrast if you keep light off the front element , fast accurate focus -RRB- on digital bodies . The HSM on mine is just as quiet as any of the AF-S Nikon lenses I have . I still prefer Nikon in general , but for the limited use I have for this lens , it has worked nicely .
 Just got this lens as a Christams gift , and I 'm really impressed with it . It 's a little soft at the edges wide open , but if you stop it down a bit , you get most of the corner sharpness back . It 's also a little heavier than I 'm used to , and I was suprized by how large it is . Nonetheless , it 's a great lens for the landscapes I like shooting .
 The Sigma 14mm f2 .8 is a great lens . It does a good job of keeping line straight . As others have stated you need to stop down -LRB- 5.6 or higher -RRB- to keep sharp focus . That 's the case with most very wide angle lenses . It is difficult to focus as others as said . That 's just the nature of very wide angle lenses . If you shooting something up close then let the auto-focus do it for you . It you want to make certain it 's in focus then measure -LRB- the old fashioned way -RRB- . I 've shot numerous projects with this lens and find to be major player in the very wide angle lens field . I 've shot home exteriors , home interiors , art gallery interiors and even food with this lens.My only issue with this lens is that it does not handle blowout hot spots well . It tends to shift the color on the fringes of the hot spot to the yellow . You just need to be careful not blowout hot spots which why I gave 4 stars instead of 5 stars .
 I bought this lens for the Canon mount . The seller listed it under the Nikon mount because there is no listing on Amazon for the Canon version . But Amazon combines all the reviews together anyway so I will write my review here.I 've had a full day to test the lens and even used it at a photo shoot last evening . There are so many things about this lens that I love :1 . Ultra Wide Angle . This is the widest rectilinear prime focal length made . Canon has one , of course , and the Mark II version costs over $ 2000 . I picked my Sigma up used here on Amazon for only $ 450 , I consider it a great deal since this lens is becoming rare .2 . Close focusing range . It focuses closer than the expensive Canon L lens . This lens focuses SO close , just 7.1 inches from the focal plane . This is actually a Macro lens ! I already took some really cool shots at the close distance .3 . Sharpness . Soft wide open but sharpens up nicely at f/4 . At the center of the frame , this lens is sharper at f/4 than myCanon EF-S 15-85mm f/3 .5 -5.6 IS USM UD Wide Angle Zoom Lens for Canon Digital SLR Cameraslens is at f/5 .6 @ 15mm . And I always considered that a sharp lens .4 . Flexibility . On my full-frame Canon 5D Mark II this gives an ultrawide field of view of 114 degrees . Fun , but perhaps too wide for many uses . If you 're not careful your subject gets lost . But on my 60D it gives a very useful field of view equivalent to 22mm , while utilizing the sharpest part of the image .5 . Autofocus . Works like a champ , is fast and dead on . Not like my experience with some other Sigma lenses that I had to send in for calibration . Focuses well in low light too .6 . Built like a tank . Solid . I 'm used to using telephoto lenses , so to me it does n't seem heavy at all.There is really only one thing I do n't like about this lens and that is the poor performance in the corners . The distortion and vignetting can be corrected in software , but the corners are smeared so badly wide open and never fully clear up even when stopped down . The center reaches optimal sharpness at f/5 .6 and the corners do sharpen up somewhat , reaching optimal sharpness at f/11 . But even at f/11 the smearing is still there and it 's not just the far corners , it 's a fair amount of the outer edge that is smeared looking . In small photos for the web it 's not really apparent and if your background is out of focus it wo n't matter , but if you 're a professional landscape photographer this may be an issue.The good news is that if you 're using this lens on an APS-C camera to get a 22mm `` equivalent focal length '' , your camera 's sensor crops out the offending edges . You only capture the center `` sweet spot '' of the image and although you can still tell that the far left and right sides of the image are not as sharp as the center , it 's not bad at all . Still , I ca n't give 5 stars to a lens that is not acceptably sharp from corner to corner.So why did Sigma discontinue this lens in 2007 ? By all counts it was a popular , lower cost alternative to the Canon L glass with even better image quality than the first Canon version . Perhaps there is a revision in the works ? Let 's hope so . Sigma has been coming out with some great lenses lately .
 Definitely one of the better sigma lenses . Sigma has always been hit or miss for me . This lens is a hit . Very sharp and very wide . Barely under fisheye . oh did I mention it is very , very wide ? I love it .
 I own the Sigma 14mm F/2 .8 in a Nikon mount , and it is quite fantastic on my D600 . I 'm surprised that Sigma no longer makes this prime , especially considering how Nikon and Canon are creating lower cost full frame cameras these days . Bokeh is n't something that I would expect from a wide angle lens , but this lens has this magical ability to create smooth and pleasing bokeh when shot wide open . None of my other wide lenses can do this , not my Tokina 16-28 or my Nikon 17-35 . And it 's crazy sharp when stopped down just a tad . This is definitely a specialty lens that I will pull out when I am feeling inspired . With careful framing , distortion is also very well controlled , though never exempt from any wide angle lens . If you are even considering the Nikon 14-24 , I would recommend that you try this lens first .
 I just purchased this lens and it is far better than what I expected of it . The quality of the body is well built , strong and durable.It is a little heavy to carry but at the same time it gives you a sense of of having a better lens compared to those built of plastic.The image is very clear and has none or almost none distortion at the edges compared to a fish-eye . The price paid for it was far much better than buying similar lens from other brands.It adaptes very well to my 5D Mark II with no problem.The only negative point is to addapt a gel filter in the back of the lens . It takes some time and dedication to cut the gel to the exact meassure and to put it into the grooves at the back of the lens without leaving your fingertips on the gel.I use it for groups at wedding photos , landscape , arquitect proyects , etc. I am very happy with this lens !
 I am using 2 Sigma 14mm lenses for time-lapse photography in our earthquake test lab . They provide a view of the entire lab without fisheye distortion . The quality of the images , using Canon 450D cameras is good.I had problems finding 2 of these lenses to purchase , ending up buying the second several months after the first .
 Great camcorder with reasonable price , the only con is that at night it does n't have extra light -LRB- it has the inlet for a light but not included in the box -RRB- so the outcome is not very clear .
 This is my first video camera . I am far from being an expert but it does every thing I need it to do with no buts . Very handy size . I put the disks directly into my DVD player and watch them . Also copy them onto normal sized DVDs on my PC with no problems . I have not thought of getting another camera because this one does it all for me .
 Before I bought this camera , I read the reviews of this one and others to compare and I even compared Mini-DV and Digital and thanks to the positive reviews on this camera -LRB- and it was in my price range -RRB- I bought it . I was not disappointed . I have only had it a month and I have used it many times . The mic pics up well , and the zoom works great -LRB- which I use for my kids sports -RRB- . I have downloaded video to my laptop , and burned DVD 's . I took the advice of other customers and bought the longer life battery . The only difficulty I had was in not understanding that formatting meant deleting what you had already recorded on the disc , so I now know . My laptop did not have DVD burning capabilities so I did purchase an external burner and everything works great . I would recommend this camera to anyone who has a budget but wants a quality camcorder .
 The picture is clear and recording is easy , the only bad thing is that the discs are so expensive . Deleting is simple and makes recording even easier , because if you do n't like it you can delete it .
 It is easy to use , takes great film direct to mini dvd and hase n't failed me yet.I would recommend this camera to anyone .
 Very nice camera/camcorder and the price was an excellent deal . The camera arrived quicker than I had expected . I used it this weekend at my brothers wedding and the video and pictures turned out great.Thanks so much , I am very pleased !!!!!!!!!!!
 I am completely satisfied with the picture quality and zoom of this handy cam . I would completely recommend this handy cam .
 Great bargain compared to others . Very please with shipping and delivery.No problems .
 This is a great , easy-to-use camcorder . Many features including 25x zoom , automatic focusing , and a `` steadycam '' feature that just about eliminates picture movement when walking . Typical Sony excellence .
 ProsHave used Canon MiniDV and did n't like it.Now this piece is perfect.ConsBattery is suck . Have to buy Sony NPFH 70 . Additional ThoughtsFor 3 '' or 8 cm disk , buy Memorex Mini DVD+RW . Note + RW is perfect . It works perfect with the 308 even camcorder recommends Sony . Who cares ! I have paid for that expensive Sony battery already .
 This seems to be a wonderful camcorder for the money . I have had it about a week and have had no problems , except that my older dvd player does not support the smaller dvds . They work fine in my new model dvd player . Sony seems to have made a good product .
 it was delivered fast and in perfect conditions is like new ... and this dvd camera for its price is way better then i expected !
 Love the camera . Would like to see discs made that taped longer . Discs made great DVDs
 The camera is awesome . It 's exactly what I expected . Very easy to use and great quality picture .
 Tickets to Disneyland are expensive , sufficiently so that when my wife decided that I should record the memories in moving pictures rather than stills , the price of the camcorder was almost certain to be unimportant . If recording the Disney experience would cost me less than the Disney experience itself , then the camera could be relegated to the `` acceptable collateral damage '' column of my planned budget.The price of this camcorder is n't bad , but I 've decided that camcorder pricing in general is a dishonest racket . The battery that comes with this camcorder is good for less than an hour of recording . When you 're going to Disneyland , 45 minutes just is n't enough . You need to buy a bigger battery -LRB- I went with the biggest , 10 hours -RRB- , and for that you 'll pay almost a third of the price of this camcorder -LRB- less on Amazon , but I did n't have the luxury of waiting the several weeks they said it would take to get the battery -RRB- . You need to buy a camera case . You need to buy a battery charger . You need to buy at least six DVDs -LRB- that gives you a bit under three hours of standard recording time -RRB- . By the time I bought the stuff I needed to go with the camcorder , I 'd spent about half the price of the camcorder itself . Plan to spend at least $ 200 more than the price of the camcorder on accessories if you want to take it on vacation with you . The collateral damage to your budget will always be greater than the price of the camera.That said , this camcorder performed very well . It 's very easy to use , and with a little practice I learned to record events one-handed while watching said events unfold in front of my eyes , not just on the screen . That is , once I got the camera going I could occasionally start watching my kids and stop watching the camcorder screen . Score a big one for the stabilization feature . The menus on the screen are easy to navigate , and the screen responds nicely to touch . I did n't have to push too hard , and it did n't respond to the passing of my finger over one button on its way to another.The image quality is very nice . The zoom feature works very smoothly , and 25X optical zoom is more than enough to catch your kids ' expressions of horror and delight when they 're on a ride and your feet are planted on blessedly solid ground . And if you have to ride with them , well , I 've nauseated friends and family with my clip of scenery zooming by while my kids made our tea-cup spin as fast as the mechanism would allow . I filmed at standard quality , and it shows nicely on a 32 '' HD TV . It looks grainy on a 42 '' screen.The autofocus works pretty well when the lens is n't zoomed . I used it at full zoom in a large auditorium when my son 's kindergarten class sang last month . I was seated about 150 feet back and the auditorium was dark . He kept going in and out of focus . I pulled back the zoom and the focus settled down . The sound was good , but I was bothered to hear my own whispers to my wife when I played back the video . I 'd prefer that the microphone give more prominence to sound in front of the camera and less to sound that 's in back.If I had it to do over again , I 'd probably buy a hard-drive camcorder rather than a mini-DVD camcorder . The DVDs are just more stuff you have to carry around in your bag , and the odds are you 'll have to change the DVD at an inopportune time -LRB- e.g. , right when your daugther is discovering just how long and wet a giraffe 's tongue is -RRB- . If , like me , you 're a Mac owner , you 'll find that Sony camcorders work pretty well with iDVD and iMovie . But my four-year old iMac does n't support this camcorder . Newer ones do -LRB- we 're upgrading , so no big deal for us -RRB- . The video software that comes with the camcorder is only for Windows ; it will only support still photos on Mac . -LRB- An update on the above
 And more versatile . I edit my video 90 % -LRB- or more -RRB- of the time , so mini DVD is perfect . I know and therefore shoot only the scenes that I want to see later . So , + / - 15 minutes of recording in one DVD disc is not a problem for me , btw , you can get more recording time if you use SP or even LP settings . For me , I use the highest quality setting , which is HQ -LRB- 6 MB/sec -RRB- . I always use miniDVD-RW or miniDVD + RW , I have 3 discs of each type . The last time we went outing , I ended up only use 2 discs , and I got plenty of shots that I keep , in fact all 25 minutes of everything that I wanted to record and will see it over and over again.I use MAC , and Sony and all other DVD camcorder out there do n't supply you with any MAC compatible software . But my MacBook easily recognize the Sony ! But since I use DVD-RW , I can -LRB- first -RRB- finalize the discs , and use `` Popcorn '' or `` Toast '' to copy the video to my MAC , it 's faster this way.And ... I can Re-Use the disc later by `` Un-Finalizing '' it ! . . Perfect.DVD + RW is even better , you do n't need to finalize the disc , you can just pop in to compatible -LRB- any player that accept 8 '' disc -RRB- player to see your recorded video.Other important spec
 This camera is really slick . The one thing that I do n't like is that it does not accept SD cards -LRB- and no on-board system memory ... you need a duo chip to take still pictures -RRB- . However , the picture is amazing and saving to the DVD is a snap . The camera is comfortable to hold , and has a touch screen which makes viewing the videos easy , too . All in all , 5/5 stars . Excellent.Update
 I bought the Sony DCR-DVD308 camcorder on Dec/07 to film out my holiday season . So far I 've had a great experience with it and here you can find my detailed review of the camcoreder :1 . Audio/Video : Both , the audio and video quality are superb . I was seriously considering buying an HD camera and paying double for it . I can honestly say I 'm glad I did n't , the differences between low-def and High-def camcorder movie are still too minimal to be worth paying for . -LRB- I 've seen friends HD recorded movies -RRB- 2 . ZoomThe zoom is fantastic and it has 3 modes
 There has been much talk about whether you can use this camera with a Mac . I have found that you CAN use it !! Get a - RW disc , record your video , then FINALIZE the disc in the camera , connect the USB cable to the camera and computer , turn it on and import the video into iMovie08 very easily . The key here is finalizing the disc and having iMovie08 . You can later unfinalize the disc after importing the video so that it may be used further.This took a bit of research ... the manual says you ca n't do it . But I did it , and it was easy , so I 'm thinking you CAN !
 Camcorder works fine , but it is not compatible with Vista as mentioned . Contacted Sony support , got the reply that it is not compatible with Vista.Very bad on Sony 's part for false information .
 Excellent video camera , small , handy , reliable . Somewhat slow when reading the disk but otherwise a very good choice . Good pictures
 I bought this because my Hitachi DVD camcorder failed to record my daughter birthday properly . This Sony DVD camcorder is entry level and does what it suppose to do . Do n't expect the world from this unit . All I do is record my daughter and then send the copies to my distant family . They love it . I do n't edit or do any special effects so an entry level unit is all I need . You get what you pay for .
 This is a great Camera !!! We love it and take it with us everywhere . Great quality and the memory slot comes very handy too !!
 Sigma 105 EX macro is considered one of the best primes for its optical quality . MTF tests , which determine how sharp the lens is , place it just below the famous Canon 100mm Macro . The EX sign tells that the build quality of the lens is higher than that of a consumer-grade product . The big plus is a price . It is almost twice cheaper than Canon 100mm . ALso , it comes with the case and a hood and Canon does not . The drawbacks , however , include potential incompatibility with the future Canon camera bodies . I would highly recommend this lens for advanced amatures on a tight budget .
 I bought this lens when they had a sale . It was -LSB- price -RSB- without shipping charge , and I think the price was the lowest anywhere.I love this lens . It is a lot sharper than EF 28-135mm IS , which I use most of the time . Now I can take good pictures of teeth from my patients and also good portraits for my baby.Overall it is very versatile and overall quality is excellent , and I would recommend to anyone interested in macro photography .
 This 105mm Sigma macro lens with a fast f/2 .8 aperture satisfies you in every department . First of all it gives you a 1:1 true life size macro and these macro images comes out truly amazing ... extremely sharp , good color saturation and contrast -LRB- on Pentax ZX-7 -RRB- . The 105mm focal length is also suitable for taking portraits . Portrait results have also come out extremely well . The EX finish is aesthetically pleasing , scratch proof and has a metal alloy body for sturdiness . The hood which is provided along with the lens matches well with it . One can also use a 77mm dia lens cap which fits perfectly on the hood , so that the hood can remain permanently on the lens -LRB- hood is threaded so that it can screw on the lens like filters . -RRB- A bit of a bother is the clutch mechanism which on has to engage/disengage while changing between MF/AF . But on the positive side , the focus ring does n't move -LRB- in AF mode -RRB- and one is more at ease while holding the camera . The other thing is the long rotational travel of the focusing ring while focusing a subject and in AF mode this could sometimes take a while . This could be somewhat solved by using the focusing limiter switch.Definitely , a well made lens optically and structurally and should satisfy one and all .
 This is a wonderful lens with great features for Macro photography . The image quality probably rivals that of any `` brand name '' lens . As with most any lens , the fixed focal length provides greater quality than the multipurpose zoom lenses with macro facility . However , the focal length multiplier factor of 1.6 should be remembered when using this lens on most consumer/prosumer DIGITAL cameras . This makes the lens an effective 168mm focal length . Shorter , fixed focal length lenses are available both for traditional SLR cameras and also for digital SLRs . As stated on the Sigma site
 This is a fun and good quality lens , offering true 1:1 macro at a reasonably price . I will echo the other reviewers comments about the clutch mechanism . Pretty clunky for an EX series lens . Fast auto focusing should you wish to use it for portraiture or the like , I think it better to focus manually for macro work . I also like that this lens has a very small minimum aperature for increasing the al important depth of field in macro work . I recommend a buy here .
 This is the best laptop I have ever had . I use this primarily at home for day-to-day work . Here is a list of salient features :1 . The TruBrite screen is amazing , puts less stress on the eyes .2 . The processor is Celeron M which is enough for home use .3 . I have upgraded the RAM to 512 MB and its DDR2 PC4200 which is very fast .4 . Its amazingly light -LRB- around 5 pounds -RRB- making it highly portable .5 . Speakers have surround sound which is again , a great feature.Hope this review helps you guys to make a better decision.Cheers !
 I love this machine . It works like a charm . The keyboard setup is well thought-out and the screen quality is bright and crisp . Yes , there 's too much fluffy value-added software on it , but you can always scrape it off . -LRB- Its presence helps keep the price low . -RRB- Toshiba 's own laptop utilities are excellent . The oversensitivity of the touchpad can easily be rectified by adjusting the touchpad settings . As for documentation , Toshiba has always had the very best -- a complete manual is in the form of a . pdf file on the hard drive.My only complaint is that Toshiba 's included paper docs and tech support information are misleading . As far as memory upgrades are concerned , for example , the documentation that comes with the unit -LRB- including the latest update -RRB- is wrong . I suspect it 's the nature of the business ; it 's hard to get everyone on the same page at the same time . On this latest model , the installed RAM is DDR2 and you can not replace it with DDR regardless of what is written in the included docs or suggested by Toshiba tech support . I 'll give them this
 The laptop is very light which makes it great for students or others who shlep their laptop a lot . The quality of the screen is good enough for most kinds of work but of course when watching DVD 's or looking at pictures it is not the same as an LCD screenf - but it 's also a lot cheaper . The `` limited '' disk space mentioned is only a problem if you have large music files or stuff like that . If you use your laptop mostly for taking to classes and doing your work on - it 's more than enough .
 Great . . The price , the configuration , i recomended .
 Why settle for less , when you can get a brand new original colorful ultra-cool Sony VAIO FJ series laptop with 1GB RAM , 100GB disk , DVD writer , built-in webcam , etc. and all for Free ! I got mine from this web site
 This is my current favorite lens and the one that resides most often upon my camera . It certainly is the sharpest lens that I own . I use it for ordinary photography as well as for macro photography . As I shoot plant life with the macro capability , I do n't mind the short working distance -LRB- distance from front element of the lens to subject , about 2 inches -RRB- , as the plants do n't run away when you close in on them . If you want to shoot bugs , etc , you probably want a longer focal length macro -LRB- longer focal length = larger working distance -RRB- . The lens is capable of life-size reproductions without accessories , a definite plus over the Canon made 50mm macro lens.This lens makes a great general purpose normal lens , as the very high optical quality for the macro uses leads to excellent sharpness and freedom from abberations at distance . The only drawback to the lens is its rather slow -LRB- for a 50mm prime lens -RRB- maximum aperature of F/2 .8 . As I usually shoot in sunlight or with high-speed films -LRB- or both ! -RRB- , this has never been a problem for me , but others may prefer a faster maximum aperature.I 've shot with this lens with all its aperatures from wide open to F/45 and found , in my subjective eyeball test -LRB- I look at prints and slides -RRB- , that the optical performance varries very little over the aperature range , being uniformly excellent.Overall , a fine lens for an even finer price .
 I shot the illustrations for an antique price guide with this lens and got compliments on the slides from the publisher , so it definitely gives proffesional quality results . These days I prefer working with a longer macro lens , so you can get a little more working distance between you and the subject , but that is a matter of taste , and the longer lenses cost more .
 This is a dandy lens not only for macro photography , but for general purpose shots as well . I use this lens for shooting lightning at night and plan on trying it on fireworks this year . This lens will open up to 2.8 which places it in a relatively fast category . I have taken some very nice lightning images this spring with this lens attached to a Nikon D200 . Although it 's in the 75mm range given the 1.5 magnification factor of the Nikon DX APS sized sensor , it still does great work on lightning if the action is in a small area of coverage . But since I photograph storms that are several miles away , I still can get a large part of the action in view with this lens , and it is fast !! As far as the macro aspect , I 've done various images of flowers and it 's not difficult to fill the frame with a floral subject . Depth of field is quite shallow , but you expect this . Images are super sharp , and for the money , in my opinion , this lens is a steal !!
 Was slightly weary of purchasing after having a logitech wingman force mouse but this is a comfortable mouse and the sensations are decent plus you can do your own ifeel forces
 I initially got this mouse and the Logitech iFeel mouse for FPS games , like UT2003 and MOHAA . But not too many games seemed to support this mouse 's force feedback feature , until Immersion Corp released `` instant '' force feedback software -LRB- TouchWare Gaming software -RRB- that let 's you `` feel '' nearly every game with this mouse . You can feel weapons , explosions and any other sound in any game , including strategy games live CIV3 . If you already have this mouse or any FF device , do yourself a favor and look into the TouchWare Software too . I 've been enjoying the `` feel '' of Max Payne 2 , Call of Duty and XIII recently . It 's way cool .
 My expectations were , handling 250 + computers , good Vlan support , high throughput , advanced CLI and using fiber SFP port.It qualified almost all except FIBER SFP port , I expect it to work mostly know brands but it did not , for best results on SFP fiber port , use Cisco SFP products.Other brand SFPs may not work .
 I have always been a fan of Minolta bodies and Sigma lenses - they work great together -LRB- currently I have a Minolta Maxxum XTsi -RRB- . This lens is certainly no exception . In fact , this one is the best lens I 've had . I was so impressed with this lens , that I have all but stopped using any other lens . The aspherical capabilities allow me to get in real close to my subject and come out with a very clear photo .
 This lens turned out to work far better than I expected . It really is a fine piece of work . I prefer to use it in manual focus mode because all the mechanical parts are smooth and precise , unlike most cheap AF zooms these days . The AF part is noticeably faster than Nikon 's entry-level 50mm lens .
 I 've been taking photos with an SLR for more than 20 years . Unfortunately , I 've always been on a tight budget and could never afford the best lenses.I 've owned this lens for about eight years now . It is THE lens that remains on my Nikon 99 % of the time . I 've used it in some gritty situations - in Iraq , Brazil , the California desert and all across the US as I traveled.I have to disagree with an earlier reviewer who stated you `` need '' another lens . I have a Nikon made zoom that goes past 200mm and I think I 've used it three times at most . This Sigma is my work horse . Its wide angle is perfect for landscapes and close ups . The longer range is just what you need for portraits . I do n't shoot sports or wildlife so anything beyond 105 is overkill for me.One of the great features of this lens is the 2.8 aperature at 28mm . You 're forced to use 4.0 or smaller as you zoom , but this is still fine for portraits and a blurred background.If you 're still using a 35mm and you 're on a budget this is a great lens to have . It has n't failed me yet in eight years .
 A friend of mine asked me to shoot her wedding -LRB- so she could save some money -RRB- . I obliged , but panicked due to my lack of equipment.After much research on Amazon and various other sites , I decided to go with this lens . The first couple of times you work the zoom mechaism , there is some `` stiffness '' but that eventually fades , leaving a silky smooth feel . The zoom ring has a nice , high quality rubber coating for added control.Sizewise , it 's fairly compact and light . I also own a Sigma 28mm F1 .8 aspherical lens -LRB- no zoom -RRB- for the same camera and they are about the same size , length wise , and similar in weight . I found the overal auto-focus time to be a bit slow ... but that 's likely a byproduct of the older camera body rather than the lens.Overall , it was a great buy . The pictures came out beautifully ! And the company that this product ships through turns out to be a fairly reputable company . Highly recommended .
 I did couple of days research before buying this receiver . I read the reviews by others and also the competing products in this price range . This receiver had the best reviews amongs the others so I decided to buy it . I 've been using it for past couple of weeks and what a difference it has made watching movies compared to my old SONY prologic receiver . The sound is amazing specially during an action/thriller movie sequence . My next upgrade is going to be my SONY sattelite speakers . I can imagine with better speakers how much more of an experience it would be !
 I 've been very pleased with this receiver . It had all of the functionality that I needed to connect it in a pretty complex scenario . I 'm having a small problem with the HDMI video in that I seem to have some lines on the top or side , but I 'm not sure if it 's the cable or the receiver .
 The two HDMI in , one out is perfect for HD DirecTV receiver and DVD player . Complements Polk Audio surround speakers perfectly .
 I am completely satisfied with this product . I found the same product for less cost .
 Receiver works great - Movie effects are awesome - Very happy with the product .
 I have absolutely no complaints about this receiver . Works excellent ! Does heat up a bit though . Make sure you have adequate ventilation .
 I 've had this receiver for a few weeks now and I love it . Great sound and auto switching video output to my HDTV . Could not be happier . Plenty of connections and the remote controls everything .
 I went through hell hooking this thing up . It 's not the amp , it 's the nature of home entertainment systems in general . There are many different pathways that the signal can progress through the system , the old screw in video lines , the 3-RCA jack composite , HDMI , etc. . The important thing , and what is not explained in the instructions is that each of these is a separate pathway . If you have a VCR input that 's using composite , you 're going to have to carry that composite signal all the way through to the TV , which can mean that you 're going to have a whole BUNCH of cables running into your TV if you have a lot of different equipment to connect . Sometimes one component or another will upgrade the signal to the next step up . This is called `` uplinking '' . If it works , lucky you , but do n't count on it.If you have a nice new HDTV , like me , you will notice a million types of input connectors on it . You 're going to use most of them . Be prepared to spend many hundreds of extra dollars keeping Radio Shack in business as you run back and forth looking for this cable or that . The wiring diagrams show solid lines running from inputs to outputs of the same sort with occasional dotted lines crossing over . The dotted lines are the probamatic uplinks . You run composite in , expect to run composit out . Count on learning how to pick input sources on your TV . Like the `` universal '' remote control , the single input source to your TV is unlikely unless you 've bought a complete homogeneous system.I put Amazon and Onkyo through hell while learned these things . I suppose the rather sparse instruction booklet could have said something about this too . Onkyo customer support could have helped more early on . I had to sit on them until they connected me with someone who actually knew something , hence the four stars . The amp is nice once you get it hooked up . Unless you 're a wizard though , expect to take several days to accomplish this while you hunt for parts . Again , it 's not the amp , it 's the nature of entertainment systems these days.Have fun.ADDITIONAL INFOThe thing has DRM problems . It will block older tapes and home videos . If I could , I 'd drop my rating to a two . I can see that this thing is going to be one of those big life mistakes for me until I manage to replace it .
 VERY PLEASED WITH RECEIVER , THE SOUND IS VERY GOOD AND THE INSTRUCTIONS FOR SETTING IT UP ARE VERY EASY TO UNDERSTND .
 In general , I am very satisfied with this receiver.My main disapointment
 Reading this may save you some money ... First I have to start off by saying that Im completely disguested with Circuit City . Their sales and commitment to Customer Service are a joke . I live in NJ and was dealing with the local CC in Bricktown and purchased the Sony . They convinced me I needed $ 200 dollars in cables that after hooking up I didnt need , Just for starters ... I had brought in an ad from J+R Music world about 60 miles away from the store I was in and I wanted Circuit City 's Unbeatable Price Guarantee adjustment on the sales price . I was told by CC management that they couldnt accept it as they were in NY and not in their market . I said OK , but I believed at that point IMO it was actually the $ 120.00 difference in price that was the reason they denied my request but I concured and asked who 's prices they would accept . I was told by their -LRB- in store -RRB- Cust.Svc.Director & Director of sales for NJ , that Best Buy ,6 th Ave , Staples , Office Depot , Etc. were all good competitors ... All of this by the way is nowhere said/mentioned in there Price Protection & Unbeatable Price Guarantee Policy ... I found and internet ad for the same reciever in Best Buy - $ 22 and they honored it . Thinking that was the worst of purchasing a new reciever , NOT . . I got it home hooked up all my components and fired it up . Considering my last reciever was a 15yr old Onkyo I was impressed with the features on this specific model , but further research on the Sony and the poor Cust.Svc . from CC pushed me to return it and consider buying something different somewhere else.I was a little unhappy with the fact that the HDMI from my Sony DVP-NC85H to the reciever was unuseable as far as the audio is concerned . After spending 2 days doing research -LRB- my fault for donig it after the fact -RRB- The other reviews are correct as saying another cable is needed to supply audio to receiver . I have not used the HDMI connection for the DVD to Reciever connection on the new Onyko as I already bought a Monster Cable Optical cable.The other problem I was having was when connecting it to my Digital Cable box I found myself having to crank up the receiver to almost Max Volume to have decent sound , If I went to -LRB- or accidently -RRB- turn the receiver to Tuner the Volume would almost destroy the speakers it was so loud.I checked my connections 3 times , It was the receiver . . I found I liked what the Onkyo offered in features and I wanted see if It performed better , the reviews were in its favor over the Sony . I totally against wanting to go back to CC , I found they carry it and so does 6th Ave electronics . I was completely supprised to see that it was $ 135 less at 6th ave. Knowing CC price matches 110 % with them and looking save some money and curious to see what they say , I went there to inquire . . I was told by their sales manager once again with some bull-s ** t song and dance that they only price match weekly flyers . I caused a big stink in the store told them they were full of S ^ % t and they Price Matched an ad for me last week of the same type , and they still refused ... . A store who obviously makes rules up as they go !!!!!! . Now totally pissed and irritated to no end I drove an hour away to another CC store with a plan !!! I got a sales manager at the Cust . Svc . desk . and having the upper hand on the excuses they give when they see the difference in prices and refuse to not stand behind their policy I asked him about his Price Protection & Unbeatable Price Guarantee and what the stipulations were . He told me he would price match ANY ad from the above mentioned stores and I asked him if it could be a price taken from the internet for a local store , He said absolutly !! I told him I was interested in the Onyko TX-SR604B . He looked it up said they had one , I said I would take it and as it was being rung up I pulled out the 6th ave ad out of my pocket and his jaw nearly bounced off the floor ... He stared at the ad -LRB- it had to have been 2 min -RRB- thinking of an excuse.He then tells me he has to check to see if it is in stock there , one of their policys -LRB- I already called , It was -RRB- . MUCH TO HIS DISPLEASURE HE STARTED DEDUCTING $ $ $ $ , and of course and expected he started with some bull-s ** t story that that dont usually pricematch with them because of there Return Policy being different than theirs . . I said Yea OK , Give me my receipt . And for icing on the cake I had him carry it out to my car as I had my 16mo old son and couldnt carry it . . $ 499.99 - 110 % of $ 135.00 I have to say I am VERY happy , Both with the Price and with the Onkyo -LRB- and getting my way -RRB- over the Sony -LRB- IMO -RRB- I feel there are more useble features on the Onkyo along with a more detailed / user friendly Owners Manual . Connections were straightfoward and simple to reassign to other jacks.I had to reassign both a Digital Coax and an Optical and it was done in under 20 seconds . The Audyssey2EQ auto speaker setup was very easy , just make sure your speaker connections are correct ... I had the Surround channel speakers to the 7.1 rear channel connectors . I feel the sound fills my whole room and doesnt have just one sweet sopt . I can be anywhere in the room and it sounds great . I threw in a DTS movie a DTS Concert an put on our Digital Cable Music Channel and all are perfect . Only a few days with it at this point and still havent read the Manual 100 % yet so Im sure I missed something ... I have found that I have no problem with the volume issue I had with the Sony.I can go from DVD to Tuner To TV and there is no major change in Volume . . Plus one of the features on the Onyko is you can set the volume to wherever you want it when you power on . .90 RMS Onyko vs 110RMS Sony not even noticable , and if you ask me IMO I think the Onkyo is more powerful . IMO you wont be dissapointed with either one but if you do some shopping , for the same money you can have a better receiver buying the Onyko . .
 I bought this receiver to control a home theater system that includes a 32 '' Samsung LCD TV , DirecTV , Bose Acoustimass 15 speakers and an XBOX 360 . I wanted a receiver that had HDMI capabilities , but allowed the HDMI video to go to the TV while keeping the audio with the receiver and speakers.With other receivers you have to do some sort of `` work around '' to make this happen . Not with the Onkyo ! The set up was simple and now I have the excellent HDMI audio going through the Bose and the HDMI video going right to the LCD TV . Sound is phenomenal across the board . Zone 2 feature is excellent too ! I highly recommend this receiver .
 I do n't think you can find a better receiver at the low price Amazon is selling this for . I am using this with a Denon 2910 DVD Player and a Toshiba HD-A2 HD DVD player hooked up through the HDMI and it works flawlessly . I also have a Samsung over the air HDTV receiver hooked up to the component and that also works perfectly.The nice thing is you have room to hook up 3 component devices so it is perfect for connecting an Xbox360 or Nintendo Wii . The receiver also supports Dolby Prologic II so you get full surround sound on the Nintendo Wii and Sony Playstation 2 . It also upscales all of your S-video and composite devices over the component so you only need to output component and HDMI to your HDTV.This receiver has no problems passing 1080i over HDMI or component and I have noticed no visual artifacts using the receiver as a switcher . The best feature is this receiver can accept audio over HDMI . The Denon passes Dolby Digtal and DTS without needing an optical cable hooked up . The Toshiba is able to decode the new advanced Dolby TrueHD and DD + codecs and pass them over the HDMI as full PCM streams . This means you get to hear the full sound capability of these advanced codecs without needed a decoder for them in the receiver.The big question for many is whether to get this receiver or the Onkyo 674 . The only advantages to the 674 are slightly more power which could be helpful if you have a large room and HDMI up scaling . With the 674 you only need to hook up an HDMI cable to the TV which will save you one cable . I considered the nearly $ 200 of savings worth losing these two minor advantages.I found setup to be very easy with the included mic and the remote is decent -LRB- actually better than the ones Denon includes with most models -RRB- , but probably something you will want to replace if you want an all in one remote . Assigning the video and audio to each of your Video switches is also easy and very flexible .
 After looking for an HDMI audio capable receiver for a while and finding nothing that costs under $ 1k , I was delighted to come across the TX-SR604 . As far as I know it is the cheapest receiver that can accept multi-channel Linear PCM through HDMI -LRB- the Sony STR-DG800 does NOT accept audio from HDMI , even though it has a few HDMI `` inputs '' -RRB- . It works great with the PS3 , and passing 1080p video through it works with no problem . Some have complained that it does n't take component input and output it through HDMI , but if saving $ 150 means more to you than that , go with the 604 instead of the 674 . I have found the sound quality to be very detailed , and the receiver has a wealth of setup options for you to configure ; although my `` auto-setup '' function did not work . That did n't really matter , as I was able to set it up manually with minimal instruction book reading.The only problems with the receiver that I 've found are
 I got this receiver to replace two items . I needed to replace my Sony surround receiver , and I also wanted to replace my HDMI switch box if possible . I also had a lot of components to hook up
 I purchased this item on March 15 from Amazon . We 've been using it for almost a month now . My wife and I have built our HT system in our Master bedroom -LRB- 16x14x10 -RRB- also have 40 '' Samsung LCD 4095 -LRB- 1080p -RRB- and Polk audio speakers -LRB- in ceiling -RRB- LC60i for front and middle speakers and RC60i for the surround speakers . I 'm awaiting for Toshiba HD-XA2 that was recently ordered to complement our system and would be replacing my current infinity subwoofer with a HSU STF-2 sub.Originally my first choice was a Pioneer VSX-1016 receiver but with lack of zone 2 and HDMI video pass-thru only . I did n't think it fit our needs . However , Onkyo TX-SR604b not only was a true bargain but it also exceeded my expectations , ease of use -LRB- very easy setup -RRB- user friendly powerful enough to drive all my polk speakers clean and crisp sound . I did ` nt have any problem as far as clicking sound related to HDMI issues like few folks have mentioned on their reviews and I did n't mind running extra component cable to my TV knowing it does n't up-convert component to HDMI . The only thing that I have n't tested it yet was the zone 2 feature . I 'm planning to install my extra pair RC60i in wall speakers to our master bathroom hopefully soon so ca n't comment on that part yet.Overall we 're very pleased with our purchased Thanks AMAZON !!
 A very good A/V for your first home entertainment system . Sounds good -LRB- if you buy good speakers , and have a good incoming signal -RRB- , and does contain two HDMI inputs for a DVD/HD Cable/Blue-ray etc . -1 star due not being able to convert analog line to digital , meaning if you want hook up a ipod , or VHS , up to a HDTV , you will need both a HDMI cable and RCA/S-video or some other analog cabling between the A/V and TV . Never the less , if you need that , there is the Onkyo TX-SR674 which will , but is worth the extra $ 150 ? so that 's your choice , but i chose no.So if this is your first system or you 're on a budget , for a ~ 1500 system -LRB- A/V , DVD , TV , Cabling -RRB- , this is a great A/V .
 I decided to go for this receiver instead of the TX-SR674 which is exactly the same as this except for the added benefit of up-conversion to HDMI for $ 200 more.I am not disappointed . This receiver is very user friendly . It supports speakers of 6 Ohm impedance which many receivers do not openly support . If you are buying a new speaker system , it should not matter . Set up is very easy . Plenty of inputs ! The on-screen set up display is very useful . The remote control ca n't operate my Viewsonic TV , though.The sound is sharp and crisp . It has the ProLogicIIx which is a plus .
 I like this receiver I am using it with polk speaker RM6900 . I wanted to have 4 audio/video input , on screen display , auto speaker setup , and HDMI input . I knew that it does n't do upconvert to HDMI , however I do n't care of running one more cable to the TV.I am still in the process of buying HDMI TV . Can any of you conform , if onscreen display will work , if I use HDMI connector + normal S-video to connect to TV . I know this onscreen display works with S-video and composite o/p however when my TV is switched to HDMI input , how the on screen display going to work via S-video ? In the manual and someone in this review list mentioned that , to make display to work in HDMI input of the TV , you need to connect via S-Video too.I did the auto speaker setup , it set the volume level , I wonder , if it sets frequency too i.e. upper and lower 3db stuffs . Can any of you conform this ? I used to have HTS790 , it also has good sound quality , but it does n't have 4 audio/video input and the speakers were ugly . However my 604 sound level is low . On HTS790 I used to watch TV/DVD at 25-42 volume level , however in this I have to set minimum 55 . Is there something wrong in my system or it is general problem with this model . I feel HTS790 has great volume level .
 My receiver was delivered on 3/23/07 and I am thus far very satisfied with it . Setup was fairly easy and the manual was straight forward . I connected my Definitive pro 1000 's to it and have experienced very clean , vibrant sounds . DVD 's look and sound amazing via component hookups . The radio also sounds great . The remote control setup was also easy , and it controls every piece of my home theater . The retail for this is around $ 500 , but Amazon sells it for $ 370 with free shipping and no sales tax , so that is a great bargain . If you are looking for a mid-priced receiver with tons of functionality , go for the Onkyo.Update 4/3/07
 Impress with the unit . It accomplished what I was looking for in a received at a reasonable price . Only set back is only one -LRB- 1 -RRB- power connection for other units attached to the receiver . Instruction manual not to clear on how to use all the features .
 I 'm not an audiophile or videophile , but I 'm quite pleased with this Onkyo receiver . It had enough inputs , power and other features to satisfy me on paper and I have n't been disappointed . Like other reviewers , I 've noticed it runs very hot . I have n't had any problems with overheating , but it 's been in the back of my mind as a concern as it 's much hotter than the old Pioneer it replaced . One of my only irritations -LRB- though it may be possible to do , I could n't get this to work -RRB- , is that the automatic speaker setup does n't work for me since I only have a 5.1 speaker setup and not a 7.1 .
 I have had this unit for about two weeks . It replaced a Sony 5.1 channel unit that did not support HDMI inputs and outputs . I have coupled it with the Toshiba HD-A20 high definition DVD playerToshiba HD-A20 HD DVD Player.Basically , set up was very easy . Using the included microphone , I began the automatic setup utility , and following the instructions I moved to the microphone from a center location to a right , and then to a left location , and in each location the amplifier sent a series of tones to the speakers and measured response . Using this , the receiver then calculates the required speaker levels . I was very satisfied with the automatic setup.In order to view the on-screen menu I did need to attach component video cables from the receiver to my television , since the on-screen menu is not visible if you are using the HDMI cable from the receiver to the television . Once the setup was complete , the South has been excellent , and I have no problems.I am just using this receiver for multichannel home theater , I have not tried out any of the radio features , and my DVD player plugs in through the HDMI ports . At the moment I have a digital optical cable connecting the DVD player to the receiver and that seems to be working fine . Once I get a new HDMI cable from a popular online auction site -LRB- which is a great place to get cables because you pay so much less for cables from the eb % $ online auction site - much , much less than you would pay in the store -RRB- , I will hook up the receiver and a DVD player directly via HDMI cable.So far I 'm very happy with the unit . This is my first Onkyo made piece of home electronic equipment , and it seems to be doing a great job .
 Love this product , but it has taken me weeks to get to where Im comfortable with the set-up . I believe I have finally gotten it right , but still wonder if it is optimized best for my system . This system provides a lot of options , flexibility , and performance . Sound is awesome through my Infinity TSS450 speaker set . Price was very reasonable for the quality , features , and ultimate capability of this system . Pair it with better documentation for those of us who are not audiophiles and it would be perfect for the price .
 This gizmo does just about everything that a sub-phile user could want for very few $ $ . I like it a lot , especially the `` Late Night '' feature that offers two levels of bass attenuation to allow others in the house to sleep while a movie is being enjoyed .
 I was looking for a receiver to replace my Sony Home Theatre receiver and decided on the SR604S after carefully reviewing Onkyo , Denon , Sony and Yamaha receivers . Powering speakers in other rooms of my house was a must have . The SR604S has turned out to be everything I need and more . The set-up was easy and I now have my Sony DVD , Samsung 50 '' DLP HD TV , Sony CD changer , JVC VCR and Scientific Atlanta cable box all connected through the receiver . Although the remote is not the best , I have programmed the remote to control all my equipment . This is an excellent receiver for the price .
 This receiver is excellent . I just received it and it was a breeze to setup . Sounds amazing with my in wall speakers . The codes for Directv do n't work at all . No problem , I will purchase a Logitech Harmony remote . I researched this product for months before deciding to go with this one . The HDMI feature is pretty useless . I plan on using the component connections anyway . I will definitely stay with Onkyo .
 The product was delivered on time expected , I tested and works good , but I did n't have the chance to learn how to operate all its functions -LRB- it 's a complete product -RRB- because has all the functions that the USD 1,000.00 receiver has , but for a better price -LRB- USD 360.00 -RRB- and I bought it for my new apartment that I will move only next year ! The only problem is that I thought I had bought the receiver with the black color instead the silver one , and since I do n't not live in the USA it 's very difficult to me to change it , but if I could I would .
 if you are thinking about getting an intro surround system , this is a great beginner-intermediate component to start with . do n't waste your money on inferior turn-key systems for $ 300 to $ 500 , but rather spend a little more -- $ 700 to $ 1k , and build a GREAT system wich you will enjoy for years . i never knew my speakers were so capable of producing such quality sound . The onkyo is worth the price and is user friendly , only the instructions do n't exactly match the actual set up steps . this , however , is not a problem since setup and operation is intuative and easy via the display on the receiver .
 This is an outstanding HD receiver - I read several reviews on various receivers and the Onkyo TX-SR604S came out on top . The price was GREAT ! The quality is the BEST !
 Works great ! Good price . Current speaker -LRB- non powered subwoofer -RRB- would not work so I bought the onyko speakers system . 98 connections on the back panel ! Hook up anything . The manual had me confused at times , but nothing that could not be worked thru . I like it a lot and would purchase it again .
 The good :1 -RRB- Superb build & finish for a budget A/V receiver . The newer Onkyo 6 series does not feel so heavy / solid .2 -RRB- Plenty of inputs including - optical , digital coaxial , analogue & HDMI -LRB- 1.1 -RRB- , truly impressive for a 2007 budget model . I 'm still able to use it . Lol .3 -RRB- Binding posts for Zone 2 speakers . The newer Onkyo 6 series have spring loaded clips for Zone 2.4 -RRB- Audyssey speaker calibration with microphone . One of the first budget AVRs to offer this automatic speaker calibration system .5 -RRB- 12V external trigger for automatic on/off with other devices having 12V external trigger . A really impressive feature no longer offered in the newer Onkyo 6 series .6 -RRB- A simple & very user friendly remote control . The new Onkyo remote controls are all very glossy & easily prone to scratches .7 -RRB- The most user friendly menu system I 've ever seen . This is also the reason I chose Onkyo above Denon , Marantz etc to name a few brands that I had considered .8 -RRB- Brushed aluminium finish . I just luv this color . It looks expensive , classy & original . This color is currently endangered & is offered only in the European market .9 -RRB- Rated @ only 90 watts/ch , but offers more juice than similarly rated newer AVRs . I have never felt the need to use above 65 % of volume , most of the time . There 's still 35 % juice left , just incase I want to wake up the neighbors . Lol .10 -RRB- Top end sounds a lil ' lively & bright but I 'm able to manipulate the sound using external DACs .11 -RRB- HDMI pass through is great . I do n't miss an external scaler when I use a good source .12 -RRB- Superb value for money like no other brand of AVR out there.The bad :1 -RRB- Lacks the ability to upgrade to current technology in both software & hardware . I especially miss not having the latest hi-def formats such as Dolby TrueHD , DTS-HD Master Audio etc. 2 -RRB- W 'd have luv 'd to have better DACs such as Burr-Brown & better video scalers such as Anchor Bay . Lol . The latest Onkyo TX-SR608 has Burr-Brown DACs . How much does a video scaler cost in bulk order anyway ? 3 -RRB- Does not upscale through HDMI & does not upscale to 1080P .4 -RRB- Gets hot like a toaster . U can actually toast bread . I 'm not kidding . Lol . The new Onkyo TX-SR608 is really cool in comparison to the older model .5 -RRB- Non detachable power cord.Conclusion : I bought the Onkyo TX-SR604 in Jul 2007 from KWI for USD500 . After using it for 3 yrs & burning it for 1000s of hours , I can confidently say that the Onkyo TX-SR604 is a true workhorse . It has the most user friendly menu I have ever used . I have never had any issues what so ever , not even with HDMI handshake . I 'm yet to adopt Bluray , so I 've never felt the short comings nor the urge to upgrade this AVR . I hope to use it much longer by probably adding a budget pre/pro or A/V processor such as the Emotiva UMC-1 . The new Onkyo TX-SR608 is a much lighter & refined version of the TX-SR604 . It handles all the latest audio formats , 3D etc to name a few features . It even has Burr-Brown DACs & HDMI -LRB- 1.4 -RRB- . Unheard of at this price point . On the downside , in order to keep costs low , they have removed 12V external trigger & have spring loaded clips instead of binding posts for Zone 2 speakers . These are small things that matter to me & were once offered by Onkyo in their 6 series but unfortunately they are no longer offered by anybody in the competition at this price point.I recently had a chance to try my friend 's Denon AVR-1910 . It 's also rated @ 90 watts / ch just like my 3 yrs old Onkyo TX-SR604 . To test both AVRs , I used my trusty & almost 2 yrs old Mordaunt Short 902i bookshelf speakers . For source I had the Pioneer DV-610AV connected to Musical Fidelity V-DAC . I was surprised to find that the Onkyo TX-SR604 had way more juice than the Denon AVR-1910 . The sound output achieved on the Onkyo at 60 % volume equaled Denon at 90 % volume . The output rating on the Denon AVR-1910 does not look right . The Denon AVR 's remote control is a disaster . It 's over crowded with tiny buttons on both sides . The Denon AVRs have the most unfriendly menu & user manual I have ever seen to date . Yawn ! The Denon AVR-1910 's top end sounds dull , midrange is a lil ' lethargic & the low end is loose / boomy in comparison to Onkyo TX-SR604 . An AVR will always be less musical than a 2 ch Amp , even then , Onkyo TX-SR604 has a much more fuller & involving sound than the Denon AVR-1910 . Changing inputs on the newer Denon AVR-1910 -LRB- 2009 -RRB- takes longer time than the older Onkyo Tx-SR604 -LRB- 2007 -RRB- . I 'm shocked at all the positive reviews here on Amazon . Really shocked.Onkyo , a 50 yrs old Japanese company , is a pioneer especially in the field of AVRs . Onkyo sets the standards & benchmarks in AVRs , others merely follow . It offers value for money & performance like no other brand out there . If cost is no object , then Onkyo 's sister concern Integra w 'd still be a better choice than most mass market wannabe brands out there.If I 'm to buy an AVR today , I 'd consider the Onkyo TX-SR708 . It has the robustness of the TX-SR604 & the bells / whistles of the TX-SR608 . Just my $ 0.02 . Brgds .
 Awesome . Worth much more than I paid . Delivers great 5.1 sound -LRB- next step is to get two more speakers so I can go 7.1 -RRB- . I 'm hearing lots of new things in old DVDs and CDs . Love the special effects .
 I purchased this receiver to pair with Polk 6750 5.1 Surround Speakers . I passed by the Harmon Kardon CP-45 at Fry 's for $ 410 -LRB- an absolutely amazing price for everything you get in the deal-AVR245 , HDMI DVD player , 5.1 speakers , but it was a display item ... -RRB- . The main reason I opted for the Onkyo is the higher power -LRB- 90 watts/channel -RRB- and because it will process sound and video through the HDMI inputs -LRB- not just serving as a video pass-through -RRB- . Also , switching between input sources is as easy as pressing a single button on the front ** important for those whose wives -LRB- or husbands -RRB- like to use the system but may be discouraged by pressing a sequence of buttons ** . The sound is clear , powerful , and the receiver is very easy to set up . I am sure this will last me for years.One of the receiver 's strengths is the dual-zone feature , which allows a source other than what is being played in the main room to be played in a second room . The one drawback here is that , while the receiver is 7.1 , it will only play 5.1 in the main zone while using the second zone . This should n't be a big problem for most installations -LRB- if you 're using 7.1 , it is likely that everyone in the house in the main room -RRB- , but I know some people would like to have the option to play 7.1 and listen to a second source.The inputs are generous as expected for an Onkyo receiver ... nothing is missing there . Overall I am very satisfied with my purchase . Amazon has a great price on a non-refurbished model . Get it while you can .
 Bottom line
 I love my Onkyo 604 . Once you learn how to use it , you will realize the capabilities this unit can unleash . Very satisfied with receiver and Amazon . Each purchase increases my confidence in Amazon , and right now it is very high
 This is a good receiver for the money and I purchased it after doing a fair amount of research . However , if you are going to use this with HDMI be warned that the unit ` clicks ' quite a few times as it negotiates the proper HDMI signal from the component to the TV . For example , when playing a Blu-Ray movie using a PS3 the unit will typically ` click ' about 8 times before the movie kicks in ... this is NOT the fault of the PS3 . The click is the sound of the internal hardware relay ... pretty bad design in my opinion but everything else works as advertised ... not sure if I 'm going to keep the unit , but I will give it 4 stars as it does what it advertises to do .
 Has two HDMI inputs one out to monitor just what the doctor ordered!However you have to use an s-video cable to monitor for the on screen setup display . Why ? that is the biggest problem with this receiver . Sounds great easy to set up with auto configure .
 Everything works great . I do n't have any weird noises and think that it is nearly silent when just in the `` on '' position.I have only a couple of complaints from my research and using it . Onkyo does not in general have support for HDMI on Zone 2 . Not a big deal , but you have to hookup some analog cables to use a device on Zone 2 . It 's on the last page of the manual , and not in the Zone 2 section of the manual.As others have said , use an analog cable to setup the unit too and the receiver basically sets itself up . Very good overall and all the other features work great .
 I bought this receiver because it was cheap . I 've had an Onkyo TXSV 919THX for many years and loved it , but the Wii finally pushed my component input count over the limit of my TV . I looked around for a component input switcher and realized the price difference between the switchers and this receiver was small enough to justify all of the other features it adds over my old , top of the line Onkyo.Pros
 If you purchase Memphis Car Audio products on the Internet , be advised : WE WILL NOT HONOR ANY WARRANTY CLAIMS ON PRODUCTS PURCHASED FROM INTERNET SELLERS.WE WILL NOT ISSUE RETURN AUTHORIZATION FOR PRODUCTS PURCHASED ONLINE.We do this to protect our customers and our retailers . We want you to enjoy the best performance possible from Memphis Car Audio products . Purchasing Memphis Car Audio products from an authorized retailer means you are guaranteed ... * Genuine Memphis Car Audio products , not a `` knock-off '' imitation * The support of trained , professional installers * Superb warranty service should you ever need it * Reliable technical information and support from Memphis Car Audio & your retailer * Smart product innovation and leading edge technology * Excellent value for your money
 First , let me say this lens is one of my favorites . I own this lens for my Pentax PZ-1 and have read MANY reviews about it . The price is cheap . In fact , it 's arguably the cheapest lenses in it 's class . But do n't mistake a cheap price as the sign of a bad lens . I use this lens for many occassions and at it almost always delivers GREAT pictures . Yes , it 's not the single best lens in the world , but it is as good as many of the lenses I 've used that are two or three times the price . Plus , if you break this one you can buy another without breaking your piggy bank ... or your credit card limit.The two complaints most people make about this lens are , `` It 's a slow lens '' and `` It 's almost impossible to focus manually . '' Let me put both those complaints to rest right now . First , when photographers refer to how `` slow '' a lens is , they do n't mean how fast it can focus , they mean the F-stop setting . This lens is a F3.5-5 .6 . Granted , some expensive lenses at this focal length can go as low as F1.x , but most ca n't . And most experienced -LRB- and novice -RRB- photographers can use any lens that can go below F8 . So , when people call this lens `` slow , '' they should be talking about F-stops , not autofocus . I for one have found this lens to be more than fast enough for hand-held use . It 's only been too slow once in about 1,000 shots.Second , the focusing ring on this puppy is short . That means it 's hard to focus manually . Still , that 's to be expected on a smaller , cheaper lens such as this . Although it 's tough to focus manually , it 's not impossible . I 've used manual focus on this lens several times and got great results ... just move the ring SLOWLY and you will get great manual focus . Nevertheless , keep in mind this IS an autofocus lens ... most people wo n't focus the lens manually . And on that note , the autofocus is spectacular.Add in the macro ability of this lens and you 've got one heck of a package ! Oh , and do n't forget ... It 's CHEAP ! If you can only afford one lens for your next vacation , make it this lens ... and use the $ 100 + you saved to buy more goodies .
 If you are the SLR photographer who enjoys taking quality shots , this lens is for you ! What 's more , the zoom ring is well-positioned , and as far as i can tell , this is a very reliable lens . I have only had mine for a couple of months , but have already taken some brilliant shots with it ! I would recommend it to anyone .
 I got my first DVD player , a Sony DVP-NS50P , a couple of years ago and like most things about it - except that it can not play PAL DVD 's and can not be `` hacked '' to do so . I wanted to get several PAL only titles and from reading here and elsewhere the Philips 5140 seemed like the way to go -LRB- I do n't have DVD capability on my old computer -RRB- . I paid about $ 50 for the thing here at Amazon , set up was n't too bad -LRB- you really ought to read the manual -RRB- , and I left most settings just as they were right out of the box - it looks just fine to me . Just to be sure I 've run a CD -LRB- I like Sony better for CD playback -RRB- and a Hogan 's Heroes DVD -LRB- region 1 , NTSC format -RRB- through it in addition to my PAL discs , all look good . The region hack , described in other reviews , is very simple - just set for region 0 and you can play anything on this machine . By the way , you wo n't see a box for hacking the code , just follow directions and the list of regions will come on screen . The player was default set for NTSC , region 1 - I changed only the region code and it plays all of my discs just the same . I do n't even have any of the other discs this thing can handle so I do n't know what they 'd be like.I do have some complaints about the player however : # 1 No fast forward or reverse -LRB- APRIL 22 EDIT -RRB- - THEY ARE THERE if you read the manual closely enough . During playback < on the remote is reverse and > is fast forward , the up and down arrows do them in slow motion . My Sony is much clearer on this with labeled buttons for functions . # 2 The zoom function is strange to me - you go 2X , 3X , 4X -LRB- with a little diagram showing screen position , you can shift your location -RRB- and then to 3 reduced size screens -LRB- why them , at all ? -RRB- and you have to go through the whole list -LRB- my Sony has 2X and 4X only -RRB- to get back to the regular view . # 3 To turn the thing totally off you apparently have to unplug it , otherwise you 're on `` standby '' , pressing the power button gets you fully `` on '' . # 4 This one is minor but to open from across the room point the remote at the player and press `` stop '' for two seconds - that 's kind of like clicking on `` start '' to turn off a Windows PC . # 5 If it 's loading -LRB- starting up -RRB- it wo n't respond well to your remote , let the little icon on screen finish first . I had trouble getting the region hack to work - this may be why . I think you 'll also want to be very careful to point exactly at the machine too , the more level the better.In general I 'd pick my Sony over my Philips but for PAL playback I 'm satisfied .
 Enough was said about the quality so I will contribute on where to get the best price . Do an online search for price comparison , once you located the lowest price , go through the order process without actually placing the order , then print out the page and take it to a Sears store . They will match the price plus give you 10 % of the difference between your price and theirs . I got the player for just under $ 47 tax included . Sears has the DVD player in stock but it 's always a good idea to check online before you go . Another option is to order from Buy dot com and use Google check out , which takes $ 20 off .
 When I first opened the box I was pissed as I once again had purchased a dvd player from Amazon that was advertised as multi region yet only played Region 1 -LRB- US -RRB- dvds as the box clearly states that ` this DVD player only plays US DVDs ' . But after reading the review from Emet and spending no more than 2 minutes to complete the setup and enter the code to make it region free it now plays all DVDs without a hitch.So if you want to buy an official multi-region DVD player that comes ready to play any region DVD then do n't buy this , but if you do n't mind spending 2 minutes to configure the player then this product is a great buy .
 For the past few years , I have been collecting region 2 DVDs and playing them on a CyberHome CH-DVD300 player . That player came at a very good price , about $ 30 , but every so often I would buy a DVD that would have a jumpy video playback or , even worse , would skip in the audio playback . Obviously , trying to follow a film in a foreign language is hard enough without the audio dropping out syllables.This Philips DVP5140 player solves that problem . After enabling the multiregion support I was able to playback and understand DVDs that I had to just set aside before . It 's great ; I suspect the improved PAL to NTSC conversion comes from the higher sampling rate in this player.Do be aware that some of the features you expect to find are not obvious on the remote . For example , the fast forward or backward buttons . For these , you will need to scan the manual or refer to the FAQs on the Philips website . The only missing feature seems to be the frame-by-frame advance.It is true that this player does not have an S-video output ; rather it provides a composite video signal for older TVs . For me , this was not very important , as this player provides component video output for progressive scan widescreen TVs , certainly the preferred cabling .
 I purchased this multi-region DVD player because I wanted to watch some British programming not available in the States . It was simple to install , even for a Luddite like myself . It was up and running in 10 minutes . The menus are intuitive and the picture is crystal . Well worth the very reasonable money .
 I 've had this player for about 4 months and it 's great ! I 've played CDs , DVDs , DVD-Rs , DVD-RWs , etc. . Everything plays great with no problems . The discs load fast and the picture quality is great . I also like the fact that the remote control is easy to use . I 've had a few that I had to get the manual out every time just to see how to use them . Having said that , I do have a few complaints which is why I gave it 4 stars and not 5.1 . When you turn it on and hit the open/close button , it does n't open right away . It takes about 10-15 seconds to open . Not too bad ; just a bit annoying .2 . When you hit stop or pause , you have 5 minutes until it goes into standby mode and 15 minutes until it turns off . I 'm one of these people that just ca n't sit through an entire DVD , no matter how good it is . So , when I pause it , sometimes I may not come back until an hour or so later to finish it . But , I ca n't with this player . I contacted the manufacturer and was told this was the way it was designed and there was no way around it . It 's apparently designed that way to prolong the life of the player .3 . As an extension of 2 , I read in the manual that this player keeps the memory of the last 5 DVDs played in it and you can come back and finish any of them later . I have yet to see this player do this . Anybody else with this problem ? 4 . My biggest complaint -LRB- and one of the biggest for the other reviewers -RRB- is the poor reception of the remote control . About every other time I use it , I have to hit the button twice to get the player to recognize what I want it to do . And I 'm pointing the remote directly at the player each time . This is very annoying.But for the price , you really ca n't do much better than this player . It does just about everything you want it to do . If you 're looking for an inexpensive , simple to use DVD player , this is the one to get .
 I 've only had the player a couple of days , but I really like it so far . I 'm not a Audio/Video-phile , but the picture and sound quality is good on my 32 '' LCD HDTV once I turned on the Progressive Scan feature and hooked it up with a component cable . I also found start-up times and loading times to be good.Of course I would n't buy this player if that 's all I cared about , I also was interested in the DivX features and so far it 's handled several files just perfectly . It has played a couple of different videos from different sources once I burned them to CD-RW . The menus left a little bit to be desired and can be difficult to navigate at times , that 's my only complaint .
 This product from Philips is leagues above the Samsung DVD player it is replacing because the quality is so much better , though price is n't much more . I bought this Philips DVD player in order to play PAL discs , which is does rather well . It plays everything , as advertised and it seems to be constructed very well . Normally I am a Sony customer and this is the first Philips product I have bought . Based on its performance , I would not hesitate to purchase additional Philips products . The only complaints I have about the DVP5140 are its absence of a fast forward , or scan , feature and a frame-by-frame play . It will skip to the next chapter or track , but will not scan the current chapter . This is highly annoying and , at least I thought , a standard feature for DVD players . The lack of frame-by-frame is perturbing , but I can live without it . Other than that , this is a terrific value . * UPDATE - I tried pausing the picture and then pressing the FF button , but this only skips to the next chapter . This does not advance the picture frame-by-frame .
 I was looking for a dvd player that would play regions other than Region 1 , because I had accidentally purchased some Region 2 DVDs and they would n't play on my current DVD player . I checked with a couple of local electronics dealers and they told me I could n't buy a region free dvd player in the U.S. Wrong !! I looked up DVD players on Amazon and found this great inexpensive Phillips region free DVD player ! It may say on the box or in the booklet that it wo n't play all regions , but , believe me , it does . The trick , if there is one , is going through the dvd set-up menu and selecting what you want it to do . It took me about 20 minutes to hook it up to my tv and then go through the menu and set it up . I am not an electronics wizard , so I really believe anyone can do this . All the connection cords -LRB- whatever they 're called -RRB- are included , so you do n't have to run out and buy anything . The picture is really crisp -- much better than my old one . The remote control 's buttons are in convenient and logical places -LRB- which is n't always true with other dvd players or even tvs -RRB- . It is easy to use and very affordable . I am totally happy with my purchase and think it is a great bargain for what you get ! Also the design is very slim , stylish and light-weight . I love it !
 Bought one . Could n't stop . Once the price dropped I got one for my brother and one for my girlfriend.Not a single issue with any of them .
 I would purchase this unit with confidence because it is a great value for the price . I will agree with some of the other reviews and state that the remote control does need to be pointing directly at the player to work properly and it does take a few seconds longer than most other players to load and get to the menu screen .
 I will echo the other positive reviews . I have over 200 movies in data format on about 35 discs , and this was able to play all of them . However , and this may have been a problem on my part in the encoding process , with some of the movies -LRB- about 10 -RRB- , the audio would be smooth but the visuals would be jumpy -LRB- play for a few seconds , the pause , then skip ahead to catch up with the audio , repeat -RRB- . Other than that small complication , this DVD player has been everything I had hoped it could be .
 This is a great little machine . More options on the dvds you can play if , like me , you buy , or are interested in buying dvds from `` other regions '' . Good quality , not a bad price , and a sleek looking little machine . easy to use .
 I reviewed all of the comments before buying and found them very helpful . The multi-region decoding works perfectly and I have tested it with Region 1 & 2 DVD 's . I agree with the remote problems , its a little flakey , but it does fast forward , you need to use the arrows at the top of the remote and double press them to fast forward -LRB- and reverse -RRB- . Picture quality is pretty good.Please note , this is a $ 60 region free DVD player that plays also DVD-R etc and for such a small price , is an excellent product . If you are looking for a higher class product with better remotes etc , look at something around the $ 100 mark + with HD Upscaling & HDMI connectivity , but if you are after an inexpensive multiformat DVD player , this is the one for you .
 Thanks to H. A. Emet -LRB- his review is from July 2006 -RRB- I was able to buy a great DVD player `` code-free '' thanks to his instructions -LRB- it is very very easy , just follow his steps ! -RRB- and can finally watch all my DVD 's from Europe.Definitely a must if you are looking for a great , cheap , `` code-free '' DVD player !
 A previous review indicated that you could not fast forward or eject the DVD with the remote . While it 's not mentioned in the instruction book , the remote CAN perform these functions.To eject , hold the stop button down for a couple of secords . The DVD will eject.To fast foward , press the > `` right arrow '' button -LRB- next to the OK button -RRB- and you can scroll forward without going all the way to the next sceen.Same works with the < left arrow button.I 'm currently running the player through my DVD Recorder and it 's working perfectly . I did n't need to connect directly to my TV . Note
 The Philips DVP5140 , is an excellent device . I purchased it to play DVD 's from the UK and they show wonderfully . I am also excited about the picture quality and sound .
 I have had this product for well over a year and half and it has worked wonderfully for me . All I ever did was open the package , hook it up to my tv and insert one of my region 2 discs . I have never had a problem with reading either region 1 or 2 discs , they always come in clear and beautiful . Would recommend this product , as I definitely plan on getting another for my other TV .
 This is a great DVD player . We recently moved to the US from Australia and had a lot of DVDs -LSB- that were our childrens favourites -RSB- after purchasing and returning another player that someone had reviewed and said it played all DVDs - let me tell you it doesnt . BUT this does and its great !! Highly recommend .
 This DVD player met everything it promised plus more . The all region code is so easy to be modified as stated in the eariler reviewer . It delivers very good picture that make me realize the other DVD players that I used before was not up to the standard . It can play any DVD or VCD that I thought is no more playable . I can even put in any CD with JPG files to see the pictures . I do n't know what I can ask for more for a DVD player under $ 60 .
 Good DVD Player . Plays divx files without any problem but not able to proceed to next track when playing divx files . Otherwise the player is good without any problems .
 I tested this thing out with a dvd full of AVI 's and it played them back with great quality and was very easy and straight forward to use menu system . Plays about 7 700 meg avi , mpg , mp4 movies to a dvd .
 this is a great product for someone who is not looking to playa zone free foreign dvd
 HAVE N'T ACTUALLY HAD A CHANCE TO PLAY REGION 2 DVD ON IT YET , BUT FROM WHAT I HAVE PLAYED , IT IS A GREAT DVD PLAYER .
 So far , this has played everything I 've thrown at it . Nice picture , does n't take up much space . Converting to non-region was easy with instructions given by reviewer . Only bad thing , is the remote is not very sensitive and sometimes you have to jam on the buttons to get it to work . I had to retry the code a few times -LRB- when you 're entering it , there 's no display of the numbers you 've entered , so if it does n't work , try a few more times , it will . -RRB- Very happy with it .
 Thanks to H A Emet 's review , I immediately converted the region code to `` 0 '' and it played American and British DVD 'S beautifully , with excellent sound , right out of the box!Cables included are , fortunately of long length , to connect to our all purpose kid 's tv , a haier which is perfectly compatible with this unit . Overall , a great buy from Amazon for $ 46.95 with no tax and free super saver shipping which arrived in 5 days .
 I am so pleased with this purchase . It was a very inexpensive DVD player for a game room but works perfectly .
 So far it seems like a great upgrade from the dvp3140 which limited fast forwarding and rewinding to 8x . With this one you can fast forward or rewind up to 32x and also there are more zoom options.If you 're looking to upgrade from the philips dvp3140 this is a great choice .
 The Philips DVP5140 Multiformat DVD Player does indeed play any region DVD on PAL and NTSC televisions . In order to do that , you must follow the directions prescribed by former reviewer H.A. Emet on his July 27 , 2006 review entitled Play NTSC and PAL DVD 's . If you are going to use this DVD player overseas , keep in mind that you will need to use a voltage and amp adaptor or transformer . I personally am using the small and convenient Philips Magnavox foreign voltage adaptor model PM62068 I bought at a local hardware store . It is working like a charm and it does not take up the space nor does it weigh as much as your grandmother 's stove.I bought this player through Amazon and I am very pleased with the promptness in the shipping and the price was fair . It arrived in good condition . The picture quality is excellent compared to other DVD players I have had . Because of the slim design , make sure the DVD is securely placed in the tray before pushing the tray back in.I give this 5 stars .
 what an amazing item I got this for us as a cheap DVD player and it is now our main DVD player in our house it is multi region after entering the code that is great as I have loads of UK movies from home when I moved to the US I thought I might have to lose them but now I can watch all my movies again . easy to use and set up and you dont get the jumping you can get with some DVD players A + + + item
 I bought this for my son . He loves it . He had problems with his old DVD player playing all of his DVD . He stated that he has no problems with this one . I really like it for the money . Thanks
 I just received the player today . The remote is crappy , as so many others have indicated , so it took me about 3 tries to get it coded region free as one of the reviewers has previously set forth . I put in my Region 3 dvd of L'Arc ~ en ~ Ciel Chronicles from Japan , and I 'm now jumping for absolute joy ! The picture is clear and looks like HD on my non-HDtv . It 's a great buy . I just wish that I had waited to purchase . It has gone down a few bucks since my purchase on Friday .
 For the price , this DVD player is compact and produces a good quality picture and sound .
 This is an amazingly good dvd multiformat player . I bought it to play several PAL format dvds from England as well as a Region 0 music dvd which would not play in my Region 1 dvd player , and it played all of them immediately and flawlessly . I did n't even have to enter any codes to get them to play , so perhaps this multiformat dvd player was already preset on Region 0 . In any case , I am delighted with this dvd player and would highly recommend it .
 Great if you want to be able to play PAL DVD format as well as those that work on most US machines . Very easy to set up and run . I love it !
 This DVD player is simple to use and has caused no problrms . A true quality product for a good price .
 I 've had this player for about a week now and so far , so good . After putting in the code to make it region free , it has been able to play all my PAL DVDs with no problem -LRB- as well as NTSC . -RRB- The quality of this device is really good so far . My only complaint is with the remote ; there is no open/close button on the remote . Oh , and there seems to be some kind of energy saving thing going on because it powers off after about 1/2 hour of not using it . I guess I 'll have to look through the settings to see if I can change that ... But otherwise , I 've been happy . Definitely worth the price !
 Just thought I 'd add something as an `` old guy '' who finds a lot of tech stuff pretty scary . I was really hesitant to buy this because I needed something that would play my Region 2 DVDs . but this was n't ready to play them out of the box . I 've always had bad luck when I had to do anything to make something `` work '' , but in this case I just followed the instructions that some kind soul laid out in the first review of this product , and I had no problems whatsoever turning this into a mutiformat player , that plays everything I 've tried to play from Region 2 . The only reason I took one star away is because it really does have a terrible remote . Other than that I 'm very happy with this -LRB- especially for the price -RRB- .
 The player works great and is VERY easy to make multi-region , but I find the remote has a sweet spot that it will function in , otherwise you might as well be pointing and clicking at a blank wall .
 This is the perfect mult region player at a great price , but be sure to follow the directions listed by one of the reviewers here . It did take me a minute or two to figure out , but once I did I was so thrilled to finally be able to watch my region 2 DVD 's : -RRB- The price is definitely right on this and I got it when Amazon had it on sale so I bought 2 .
 My girlfriend is from Australia and brought over all of her DVDs so a multi-region or region free DVD player was a must . This is our second player purchased in march -LRB- after the last one - a different brand - pooped out on us after a year -RRB- and I 'm in love with it -LRB- * knock on wood * -RRB- . It will literally play just about anything . It will most certainly play any region DVD you want , but the big bonus is that it plays data discs burned from your computer . It makes playing almost any video file on your computer as easy to burn and play as it is to burn a music disc for your cd player . We watch AVI files captured from the TV weekly using this player . I plan to buy another this Christmas for our living room .
 Here is a great DVD player if you are looking for one that allows you watch DVD 's from ALL regions -LRB- just follow the hack codes listed in the first review which takes less than five minutes -RRB- ! It also converts PAL to NTSC or NTSC to PAL via an internal converter -LRB- something many other players do not have -RRB- so you do not need a PAL TV -LRB- in the USA -RRB- or NTSC -LRB- Europe -RRB- . The picture quality is good . It 's NOT a high end DVD player with outstanding sound and crisp pictures.I 'm now playing Region 2 DVD that I purchased by accident a while back!The remote control is not the best , but gets the job done . However you can get one of those multi-remotes . And do n't put other boxes -LRB- cable , VCR , etc. -RRB- on top as it will overheat and this can cause problems as there are no ventilation holes.If you can not find one , I 'd advise looking online at auction sites for new players .
 This product is one of the best DVD players I 've ever had.Contrary to what people reviewed , it 's easy to use , played EVERYTHING I popped in so far , and thanks to the little trick explained earlier , I was able to watch foreign movies which are from different regions and different systems.This is the best bang for your buck . Look no further for a decent DVD layer that can play multiple formats , and do n't even be bothered with those who cant wait about 5 seconds for the player to boot up to watch a movie that lasts an hour and a half . I wonder how they waited in their mothers ' wombs for 9 + months . Anybody with half a brain could figure EVERYTHING out even without reading the manual.For about $ 50 , you ; re getting the best player available .
 I 'm not an expert on DVD players but I watch lots of movies . I have some movies that are from another region and I could n't watch them on my previous DVD player.I received my Philips DVP5140 today and I was so excited about it . I checked most of my CDs , VCDs , DVDs in this one and the result was amazing . Like other people have said , this DVD player shows almost everything . Well , it showed all of my CDs , DVDs , VCDs and I am so happy about it.About `` how many months , years will this dvd player work ? '' , that I do n't know but I hope it will work long enough . . This will be a good player for those who do n't like to sit behind the computer and watch movies that are in different CD formats . Also it will be a good DVD player for those who want a clear picture while watching a movie . ; -RRB-
 We bought this to replace the dreadful Toshiba model we had which failed after about 30 DVDs and which Toshiba would n't replace , because it was multiregion - even though it was sold to us as that ! As ex-pats living abroad we have a significant legitimate DVD collection from another region and wanted a multi-region player so that we could play the kids ' DVDs , many of which are not available in this region.Following the simple instructions given earlier in this discussion thread it took less than 2 minutes to set this machine into a useful piece of kit for us and the kids . At under $ 50 including free shipping this is an unbelievable bargain . Recommended .
 I am so happy with this DVD player that I have recently purchased a second one ! Great find for a great price .
 I bought this device because it could play DivX files mostly because I wanted to fit multiple movies onto DVDs . It was easy to setup , the menus are very easy to navigate , and all of the files that I had burned played beautifully . I was also able to play other home-made DVDs that had not been able to play on my older DVD player . The picture quality on the AVI files was perfect -LRB- although I just have a standard def TV -RRB- , and the sound was great as well . My only complaints about the device would be that there is no eject button on the remote , and that if you have multiple video files they will play in order without allowing you to go back and choose another -LRB- at least that I have found -RRB- . I was able to burn video files to CD-Rs as well with this and they played beautifully also.I highly recommend this product , and I had my parents get one for themselves as well .
 I bought 2 of them . The picture is great . The features are awesome . Ive had it for a few months now . Watch it every day . Longevity not tested yet . But for the money and convenience of watching Divx and any other formats it is unbeatable . It plays everything I put in it . The best picture out of all my other DVD players I ever had . Buy it now !!!!!!!!!!!!!
 For the price , it 's full of features and is able to play worn DVD 's that higher priced players skipped on .
 I bought this as a christmas present for a family member and so far they say they love it and it 's great !! Although the reivews tend to say it stops working after a year , so i 'll let you know if things change . So far they are happy with it .
 I 've been through a few cheap DVD players , so I wanted something a little better that would last longer . I went through the reviews and thought this had the best quality for the cost . I usually watch rented DVDs and this DVD player plays them without the skipping I got from the cheaper players . The only problem I 'm having is that it plays DVDs a little too dark . I have had to play around with the video adjustments to get a decent picture especially when watching dark movies . As for the life of the player , I guess I 'll have to wait and see .
 I got information about DVP5140 Philips from my cousin . I like this stuff
 This DVD player is a gem . It plays almost all DVDs including DVD+RW s , DVD-RWs , and DVD-Rs and the price is cheap.I assume it will play DVD+R s as wellI prefer using DVD-Rs so I have not tried any DVD+R s.The only hangup is sometimes it takes a while to get the dvd to play after you press the play buttonMaybe I am aiming the remote control wrong or the doors on the cabinet are interferingOther than that minor problem there have been no major problems so far.I would recommend buying this player if you are looking for a low price DVD player to watch DVDs or movies .
 So far , so good . Seems to play and read all of the DVDs ; fits into a tight space and weighs practically nothing . And you sure ca n't beat the price !
 This player works , especially the instructions for turning it into a region 0 player given by another reviewer . It 's actually pretty easy . My order of this DVD player and my UK version of Ghost in the Shell 2
 As with the Toshiba Portable SD P2900SN , the claim that it plays MP4 isonly true for Divx flavor . Your other MP4 tracks from internet TV will not play-Otherwise looks to be the usual fine Philips product . Started not playing DVD-R -LRB- which other players easily played -RRB- after about a month
 I 've had this DVD player for over a year now , and thanks to the reviewer who posted how to get to the regions menu , I 've been happily ordering region 2 DVDs from amazon.co.uk that are n't available in the US or are only available at a much higher cost in region 1 format . I highly recommend this DVD player to anyone who is a fan of British TV programming .
 Just got this dvd player and am very satisfied . I wanted a player for my British dvds -LRB- region 2 -RRB- . I followed H. A. Emet 's instructions for making it region free . So easy and it works great ! Just one thing I would add ... when following the instructions , just enter the code like it says . Do n't look for a box or anyplace on the screen for the code to fill -- just push the buttons -LRB- 138931 -RRB- and the region code will appear . Like magic ! I think this is a great little player for a great price . Buy it !
 I bought this as a replacement for my Philips DVP-642 , which I had for three years.My experience seems to mirror others.PROS : * Plays DivX/Xvid files well * NTSC/PAL Conversion - I can play my Region 2 discs on it -LRB- I live in USA but have many DVD 's from the UK -RRB- . * Quiet operationCONS : * The tray is flimsy -- think twice about allowing your kids to use it -- and I have more trouble actually getting discs on and off of it . * Not very responsive to remote control - or reception is poor . * Displays only first 14 or so characters of file names on data discss
 We had an older Sony DVD player and it was n't playing movies right . They kept freezing or not playing at all . We did a little research and found this wonderful player . It plays virtually all formats , and we have n't experienced any issues with playback . We would definitely recommend this DVD player .
 I ORDERED TWO OF THESE DVD PLAYERS AS WE BRING DVD 'S OVER FROM THE UK FOR OUR OWN USE AND FOR THE CRANDCHILDREN . THE PLAYERS WERE SO EASY TO INSTALL IT WAS WONDERFUL , NO HASSLE AT ALL !! WE CAN NOW PLAY DVD 'S FROM ANY COUNTRY .
 Got it super fast . Was easy to set up . Plays well . Got an excellent deal and its nice and slim .
 After a few weeks this player seems to play whatever i put in it . xvid/avi , mpeg3 , mpeg4 , mov , wmv . My only complaint is that it can be a bit slow to respond when trying to open the tray . When first powered up , the unit attempts to load whatever is in the tray -LRB- even if the tray is empty -RRB- before it will respond to the ` open ' command via the front panel or remote . so , you have to wait a few seconds .
 I have used it for months , not a problem at all ! Love it , well worth the money . Plays all formats I have used .
 Excellent service ! Upconverts all videos to fit my 40 ' HDTV screen . Recognizes almost all cds and dvds , at least everything that I 've tried . Its been a month and have n't had any problems so far . However , I noticed that there is no eject button on the remote control , which is not important anywayz .
 I have a ton a DivX movies . This DVD player plays them all . I have yet to find a problem with it . I us it daily several hours a day . I just make a habit of cleaning it regularly to maintain the machine .
 This was a great purchase , both for the price and the functionality of playing region free discs . My only complaint is a design issue with the disc tray and how it can be hard to get the discs out sometimes . The tray opens fine but you sometimes have to reach under the tray and push the disc up to get hold of the disc sides to remove it from the tray .
 Purchased this solely to be able to play DVDs of all regions . Adjusted my setup accordingly -LRB- search other comments or other websites for details -RRB- and has worked flawlessly . Only had to run the setup once so far -LRB- have ha d the unit a month -RRB- . Everything else this box offers is just `` gravy '' . There probably could be more buttons on the front panel but certainly not a showstopper . For the price , you ca n't go wrong unless you want to go super-cheap like Coby ... but I expect a longer life from my Philips . Good luck !
 I was easily able to change this DVD player over to Region-Free . It works great , especially for the price ! Highly recommended !
 great region free dvd player , easy to use , better than the my sony dvd player , i can play all my region 2,4 movies with no problem .
 I used this item like a present for my father -LRB- he does not like complicate and advanced equipment -RRB- . It 's perfect just to watch movies at the weekend . Do n't expect any kind of advanced audio decodification-video features . In the other hand if you want a player just to watch home videos and last releases , you do n't have a plasma 50 ' tv then this one will satisfy you . general features like angles , zoom , widescreen letterbox options are available . Sometimes we look for advanced features that we will never use . My recommendation
 I think the DVD player is great . I bought it several months ago because the one in our family room kept skipping . When I got it , I was impressed by how light it is and it does everything that I need it to . You ca n't beat the price . I got it on Amazon for $ 50 . So when my DVD player in my media room quit working I bought another Philips DVP5140 Multiformat DVD Player . I ca n't believe you can buy such a good quality dvd player for only $ 50 . I would highly recommend it .
 As esay to set up as the the one writer states . Follow his directions to a tee and you will be watching all your PAL and non - USA DVDs you want . We hooked up the audio wrong and paniced for a short time but got it switched around in no time and are enjoying our Speedway Grand Prix races as I type this review .
 The documentation is a bit less than optimal , but if you read these reviews and follow the suggestions therein , you 'll do just fine.We have an ancient TV -- bought in 1984 -- and this machine works just fine with it . We 're watching PAL/Region 2 DVDs as I write this . The picture and sound are great . If your old TV only has one audio input , you 'll have to get a new cable . We borrowed the one that worked with our current region 1 DVD and it worked just fine.Using the Preferred Shipping service , we had this player in hand the next day and in time for a long vacation weekend .
 Plays anything - i like except for the remote which works only up really close.Maybe new batteries - the ones that came with are exceptionally cheap .
 Two minutes after plugging it in I was watching my region 2 DVDs . The price is great , but I have n't explored any other features yet . I bought it ONLY because I have region 2 DVDs and ca n't play them anywhere . If this only gives me this functionality , I 'll be thrilled . If I get more out of this machine , I 'll be THRILLED !
 Awesome ! I love having this DIVX player , and its sleek look is great ! I do n't know much about the technical things on this player like some of the other reviews , but the only bad thing I can say about this player is that from hitting the ` power ' button and then being able to load a disc takes a moment longer than my old dvd player , where I could just hit ` open ' and the whole system would turn on . But since this plays the DIVX movies I really do n't care .
 You could buy a hacked unit or do it yourself by entering the code listed in other reviews . I 've owned two of these for the past three to four years and they 're still going strong ; they were 50 bucks a pop ! So that was cheap then when you consider a hacked unit will cost twice that . I 'm a video collector , so having access to all regions is de rigueur for me . This one will play NTSC , PAL , and all regions once you enter the code . The cool part is that if you unplug the unit , it 'll still recall the code , so you wo n't have to enter it again . One major downside to this unit - well , two - is that it 's a bare-bones unit with little functions outside of playing , fast forwarding , rewinding , and freezing , and the other is its crappy remote . Once you get used to the crappy remote , it 'll be fine . It 's way more important to have access to every DVD you want .
 This is a wonderful DVD player so far I 've used . It plays almost all DVD 's and using this for about 4 years and not a single problem so far . Do n't know why few people rating this low .
 This player is the best seems to play everything , and last long i got another for my mother in law who seemed to be buying DVD players every 2 months , she had this one for a year now and still playing great .
 I 've had mine for over a year now . While I do n't watch a lot of DVD 's or DIVX I have had no problems so far . The DIVX player works very well , but the search/fast forward feature while doing so is not the greatest.For the money I am very pleased with both it 's performance , features and video/sound quality .
 I have seen this slim player in several homes , and I am glad we bought one for our own house.It functions well , the DVDs slip in perfectly , and there is no skipping , jarring unless it 's the DVD itself.We watch a lot of movies so this gets used a lot . We 've had this for a year , and have seen no problems . We have n't really used all its functions but we 're happy with what it does for us .
 This machine almost lives up to its name . Most of the discs that I 've inserted played . Unfortunately , WMV files will not play . I assumed that since the title says `` Windows Media Support '' , these would play , but I called Philips and they told me that only WMA files are supported.I did n't try the Region hack , but is anyone aware of a hack that would allow WMV files to play?I agree with most of the other comments I read . - It does take a long time to load -LRB- but it takes longer to get in my car and drive to a movie plus that costs more money -RRB- . - The remote is confusing . - To FF prest the - > key . It goes 2X , 4X , 8X , 16X and 32X - Rewind is the < - key . - Eject is the stop button twice . - The display panel is hard to read.Overall , I would have given this machine 5 of 5 if it would read the WMV files .
 Had my eye on this for a while as I 'd just moved to the US with alot of Region 2 DVDs.It has alot of good and bad things about it . On the negative side , I 'll accept every bad thing said about the remote , it leaves no room for error when you 're pointing it and that does n't seem to be the case with any of my other remote controls . Can be a bit frustrating at times . I 'm not a huge fan of the menu system either , especially for mp3s and CDs - just seems ugly and I ca n't imagine it would have taken much to code in better aesthetic software.On the plus side , the playback quality is good for composite and it is multi-region . The playback of video files is quite nice , despite the misgivings of reviewer who -LRB- rather smarmily -RRB- felt his computer was for such things , it 's nice for showing homemade videos - when you have friends and family over , for instance.I 'd also be dubious about the negative marks for not being able to figure out how to fast forward or resume play . It has a nice little booklet with it for those who are unable or afraid to experiment with a few buttons to get things working . The book is printed on that old school paper stuff too , so there should be no problem figuring out how to work that!You can get nice fancy players for 100 dollars up that do all of the things this does and more , so if you 're expecting something high end , look elsewhere . What you do get here is a nice solid multi-region DVD player for under 60 dollars , that also plays PC-format disks .
 Plays all of our Italian and US dvds -- have n't had any problems.Great image quality !
 This is a great player . I bought it to unlock and play DVDs from all regions and it was so simple even I could do it . Plays divx and photo CDs great too . I also like the slim profile that makes it easy to fiit into a stuffed entertainment center or looks good when it 's the only thing attached .
 With some of the reviews I saw recently I was a little hesitant to buy this but a multiregion dvd player for under $ 50 was worth a try so I purchased and immediatly sent in my warrenty but so far have had no problems.Pros : Very easy to make Region freeSmart picture button on unit to easily change picture from Standard to Cool , Vivid , or StandardHas played every disk I put in it flawlessly including DVD-R 's that would not play in other dvd playersI love the Display menu , its a lot easier to read and user friendly than my magnavoxCons : Super con , the remote , it does have everything on it , after some time I figured out how to ff and rew without steping forward but its the weirdest setup I 've ever seen and I 'm constantly picking it up upside down and its very cheaply made so I think I 'm going to shell out the money and replace it soonLoading time ... while every movie has loaded , some take forever but these are the ones that other players would not play at all so I ca n't complain to muchThe standby light , it bothers me that while the player is on the light that would normally be the power light is off but then when I do turn the unit off the light comes on.And finally the display window , there is no real space between the chapter and the running time , for instance if I see this 040:35:59 it means chapter 4 and 35:59 into the movie and the colons are really small so unless I 'm right up on the system it looks like 0403559Even though this system has issues that I would definately change before I give it 5 stars it still did exactly what I wanted it to and so far its played all of my Region 2 disks , video-cd 's , and DVD-R 's flawlessly so Im still happy with the purchase I made and give it a 4
 I bought this dvd player mainly to be able to play PAL and other region dvd 's , which this player does perfectly after entering a quick region code that you can find on-line . You do n't need a special ` PAL-format ' tv , either , the player outputs PAL as NTSC with no noticable loss in video quality . When purchasing it , I realized that it had DivX support for a variety of video formats , but did n't know exactly what that meant until I actually started playing around with it . I need to view several different video formats -LRB- lots of archival footage from on-line sources -RRB- and have previously either viewed avi and mpeg files and the such on my computer , or occasionally converted them to dvd format to view on my tv , which is complicated and very time-consuming . I was surprised to discover that with this player I was able to play a DVD-R crammed with many hours of video in multiple formats . It even has full support for subtitles and multiple language tracks in most video formats with the DivX player . I have run into very few video formats which are not supported , and the quality often looks better than it did viewing the same media files on my mac . This player has actually saved me an enormous amount of time and lots of dvd-r 's since I no longer need to convert different formats to full dvd 's anymore in order to view them on a dvd player.I have found this to be one of the most versatile dvd and media players I 've come across . If you need to play PAL and NTSC dvd 's , or dvd-r 's in mutliple media formats via the DivX support , I highly recommend this player for the price . I also would note that the player is very quiet when playing all formats
 If you 're looking for a DVD player that will play just about anything you can throw at it , there is no better value than Philips right now . If the DVP642 is the perfect player for everyone , than the DVP5140 is the professional 's choice . Yeah , the picture and audio quality are greatly improved . So is DivX playback . The OSD is also very slick and informative . If you are running your video to an HDTV and your audio into a HT system , you might want to look into this player over the DVP642 if only because of the higher quality output.However , there are a few drawbacks to this player . One is that if the DVD player is stopped or paused and the auto shut-off is engaged , the player will not remember your place on the disc . That can be frustrating when you eventually have to resume playback . Also , the player is slower and less responsive than the DVP642 . Longer boot and load times are not a huge deal , but since everything else is so positive , I just thought I 'd mention it.DivX playback on this machine is wonderful . The only hitch is that you have to make sure the discs you burn are data discs . PC or Mac formatted discs cause the player to choke up . If its a CD-R , burn an ISO disc . If its a DVD , burn a DVD-ROM . That will increase the chance for smoother playback .
 MANY TIMES THIS PLAYER ALLOWS ME TO BUY CHEAPER DVDS OFFERED IN OTHER REGION FORMATS ON AMAZON UK WEB SITE . IT HAS PAYED FOR ITSELF MANY TIMES OVER !!! I bought this player in October 2007 . I use it constantly and it is still going strong almost two years later ! REGION FREE RULES ! I love British comedies , series , and movies , some of which are not easily available in U.S. Region 1 format . I love to buy from the AMAZON UK web site . It is so nice not having to worry about PAL , region , etc. with this player . For example , I can get Waiting for God - Season 5 - on Amazon UK but not Amazon USA . Another example is that the complete Dinnerladies Boxed set is available in Region 2 but I ca n't find it in Region 1 . Also , sometimes British DVDs are much cheaper on Amazon UK even with conversion rate and no free shipping to US . As of this writing , `` The Complete Yes Minister & Yes Prime Minister - Collector 's Boxset '' -LRB- REGION 2 - 7 disc set -RRB- is available NEW on AMAZON UK site for $ 33.15 U.S.Dollars INCLUDING AIRMAIL . Now if you compare this price to Region 1 DVDs available , you have great savings . This dual set in Region 1 under the name , `` Yes , Minister/Yes , Prime Minister 2-Pak , '' - also 7 discs total - and is offered NEW for $ 110.99 with free shipping on Amazon USA . -LRB- SAVINGS OF OVER $ 75 ON ONE DVD SET - BOTH NEW FROM AMAZON -RRB- !!! NOTE
 The dvd player works great unless I want to watch something from Netflix . For some reason it wo n't play any Netflix DVDs . Anyone know why ?
 Very simple to operate , the particular one I received played DVDs from other regions with no need to `` recode '' , as many other posts suggested , not sure if it is a newer firmware or it 's that this is a recycled machine.I did n't use it to play divx movies yet , but other reviewers seemed to have no issues there.My main issue with it so far has been that the remote control range is pathetic , you have to be within a very few feet , and directing the remote heads-on for it to work . Also , in order to resume play from a previous point you will have to press play during the few seconds when the DVD is being read otherwise you 'll loose that chance.Recommended for the price and ability to play practically region-free .
 This machine does what I want which is simply to play dvds . Once I figured out how to resume playing from where the dvd had left off , I ran out of complaints . -LRB- Simply press play while the dvd is loading . -RRB- Now all that 's left is the test of time , as I 've only owned it for about two months . I 've owned too many that 've completely quit after less than a year 's moderate use , so we 'll see .
 I 've had this DVD player for about 3 weeks now and it 's played everything I put in it . The picture is high quality and the features provide everything I would use . The one downside is the manual . The instructions and layout are kind of skimpy . But the player is well worth the money .
 When I considered ordering this player , I noticed a lot of comments about the remote . I do want to confirm that the remote buttons ARE hard to use . You have to line the remote just right and press the buttons hard . However , I need to dispel the rumor that there is no way to open the DVD player drawer from the remote to insert a disc . You press `` Stop '' , hold it for a few seconds , and the drawer opens . It closes the same way . The region free intructions provided by another Amazon customer DO work well , and I am gratfeul to him for posting those . The picture is really good ; I have not experinced any skips or problems . So far , this is one of the best players I have owned yet . I highly recommend it .
 I have gone through 3 DVD players - Pioneer , Toshiba , and JVC -LRB- and all of them were more expensive -RRB- - all of them would quit in middle of DVD 's . it did n't matter if the DVD was new or old , no rhyme or reason . So far , -LRB- I have had this for 3 weeks and played about a dozen new and old dvd 's -RRB- it has n't quit one time !!! It is very small in height , disappears on the shelf . No problems , no surprises -LRB- except that it works -RRB- . The remote is small so keep it in an assigned place !!!
 I could n't be more happy with this DVD player . It plays all my . AVI files as well as MPG and pretty much any thing I 've downloaded and burned onto a DVD-R . It has an excellent picture . Progessive scan , interactive menu . The only thing I do n't like is the menu wo n't show the entire name of the file . It plays all of my DVDs . Even the ones that would n't play in a normal DVD player . I 've not had it skip or freeze frame , or act wierd while playing back , when other DVD players would n't read or play the disk at all . For the price , I 'd never imagine finding a better product .
 I bought the Philips DVP5140 DVD player mainly for viewing PAL format mini DVDs on NTSC TV and it works great .
 I love this thing , cant beat the value for the price . Only negatives I have is that the remote is pretty small and I have fat sausage like fingers so its not always a lovely ballet of perfect harmony with my fingers and the buttons . Other thing I do not like is the way the disk sits in the tray , hard to explain but when it comes time to take out a disk , well the size of the tray is large enough where there is no edge of the disk to grab on to to pull it out . This leaves me either trying to slide the disk out of the tray and possibly scratching it or moving my fat sausage fingers under the tray to try and pop the disk up so I can get something to grab onto . The second option is n't pretty due to this things lovely small profile , its very slim which I love but when it comes to me getting my fingers under the tray , well there just is n't a whole lot of room to do so . Over all its an awesome play though .
 This DVD Player is for my wife who is a Senior Citizen . I looked for one that had all the modern features but still easy to operate . I chose this recorder after an extensive search on the WEB . You can controll everything with the remote except opening the DVD tray . That 's not a problem because you have to put the DVD in manually so opening and closing the tray is accomplished with a push button on front of recorder . The quality of the output is excellent . The sound is great too with a good set of speakers . I highly recommend this DVD player , especially for anyone that has problems operating electronic equipment .
 I ordered this DVD player for the PAL + NTSC playing ability . Truly , all of my PAL DVDs play on it as well as my NTSC . It is very thin and light and when seeking or changing chapters etc. . , the DVD player is LOUD . While actually playing DVD 's it 's as quiet as can be . And as a side note , when the DVD is playing the `` ROOT '' menu , from across the room , without glasses , it looks like the display says `` POOT '' . Small minds are easily amused I guess . Buy this DVD player and you can see what I mean .
 This is an AWESOME DVD player until it broke one month after buying it . I sware it plays anything !!! It plays avi , mpg , mpeg , literally everything - its AWESOME . Now , it did break after 1 month , but I called Phillips and they sent me a brand new one in 2 weeks . So if you buy this machine - which I highly suggest , just save the box and the phone number to phillips and they will give you a new one when and if it breaks . Did I say this DVD player is awesome
 I just ordered this item from Amazon to play NTSC+PAL and Region 1-3 disks automatically -LRB- Thanks to H. A. Emet -RRB- ... However , I have been searching for internal pictures ofthe Philips DVP5140 , without any success ... Anyone knows where I can get some pictures of the internalelectronic parts of the Philips DVP5140?Where can I get the Philips DVP5140 Service Manual?Thanks in advance !
 When I first put in a region 2 and then a 4 and got a `` wrong region '' message I was pissed !! I was all set to sell this player and use the money to buy a multi-region player , but then I read emet 's review and lo and behold IT WORKED !!! Emet YOU ROCK !! YOU DA MAN !!!
 The player is what you would expect from a Samsung . It works well and the upscaling is good.Only down side is the time it takes to eject the DVD -LRB- they have the same problem on their blu-ray players -RRB- . Note , this is multiFORMAT not multiZONE .
 Once I received the DVD player it was very easy to attached to my TV . Being a person not exactly technically gifted it was easy to install and use . Works as stated and have no complaints .
 It was very easy to switch the region on the DVD player once I 'd installed it . I 've used this player to listen to MP3 CDs , CDs and watch DVDs from Europe and America and have never had any serious problems.However , occasionally -LRB- and this has only happened while watching European region DVDs -RRB- the image on the screen seems slightly jumpy - as if the frames per minute are all out of goose -LRB- I 'm sorry , I have no technical language expertise -RRB- . However , perhaps this is standard for the conversion from PAL to NTSC . I dunno.Other minor annoyances : - There is no option to turn the player completely off - it remains on standby unless you pull the plug . - The sensor for the remote control seems rather weak . Is is just my model ? I often have to either hold down buttons to get them to work , or press them multiple times . There is also a problem with the reaction speed of the player to commands on occasions . - There is no eject button on the remote . That truly is a minor annoyance.Nevertheless , I am very happy with the price I paid for what I got . It looks good too ; very slim . I am glad that DVD and Blu-Ray players are slowly breaking down that stupid division between regions . I think you 'd be doing very well if you found a more reasonable multi-region player than this one .
 I have yet to put a CD or DVD into this machine that does n't play . You can play NTSC or PAL -LRB- with password - search the reviews here -RRB- DVDs with no bother . Also plays AVI , MPEG , MOV files as well as regular CDs and MP3s.Definately recommend this to anyone
 The Philips DVP5140 is a vary good multiformat macine and will play a wide verity of formats . I have found it to be dependable . Also i have found that it can be controled by the Universal remote that i us for the T.V and the Stero systems ... which to me is a big plus ...
 I have two other DVD players , both of which either refuse to play , or break up badly with some home-recorded DVDs . So far , this Philips player has played them all flawlessly .
 Philips DVP5140 Multiformat DVD Player with DivX , MP3 , Windows Media SupportI was looking for a replacement DVD/CD player for my 5 year old sony when I came across this item . I thought ` what the heck ' it 's worth trying for $ 50 . Well , I can only say I do n't know how Philips does it for the money . The machine plays any disc I can throw at it , CDs . DVDs . MP3s DivX -LRB- I have n't tried Blue Ray -RRB- . It was a snip to set up . Actually it did n't need to be set up , it did it all itself . It copes well with damaged discs -LRB- my old sony would n't look at any disc with a blemish in it -RRB- . It is only about an inch thick so it slots in with all my other electronic gear easily.I 've had it for almost three months now and would recommend it to anyone who wants a good basic disc player .
 I watch lots of movies and have owned quite a few DVD players . I 've come to like Philips players ... the main reason being their ability to play a wide range of formats ... . a feature not found on many more expensive players from other makers . I usually do n't find it necessary to reprogram my DVD player or TV in order to watch a new disc , and when I do , I do n't mind using on-screen menus , since I appreciate the simplicity of the small Philips remotes which do n't have a hundred tiny , hard-to find buttons . This is the third Philips DVD player I 've owned , and the cheapest in cost , with the handiest remote , and the clearest picture.I just got it , so of course I am hoping for long , trouble-free service ... however , there are few guarantees of that no matter what you spend . Fortunately , it was so cheap -LRB- the price of two DVDs ! -RRB- that I 'm not worried much . Not worrying is the most security you 're going to find.Everyone 's setup is going to be unique , and I am not striving for ultimate high-end performance . But , on my progressive scan -LRB- 720p -RRB- rear-projection LCD HDTV , this unit delivers the best picture I 've seen yet ... the difference was instantly noticeable . I am very pleased.Pros
 this model and the one listed for multi region are the same you just have to change the region .
 It 's just a good , straightforward DVD player . I ca n't attest to longevity since I just got it , but I 've had other Phillips products that have lasted long and well .
 IT WORKS GREAT.I HAD SOME DVDS THAT WOULD N`T PLAY ON MY OTHER DVD PLAYER , BUT THEY ALL WORK ON THIS PLAYER ...
 This player has a lot of well-implemented features for a low price . Will 's review covers the feature setwell , so I 'll just add two points :1 -RRB- This player CAN play DTS discs via a DTS-capable receiver on the COAX digital output .2 -RRB- With a little research online , you can find out how to region-unlock the player which might be useful to you !
 I 'm writing this after owning one for years . It has never failed . I am trying to find another one for friends . We got it because we have some PAL videos from overseas . No problem . I play slides , MP3 CDs , . AVI 's with XVID or DivX video codecs and AC3 or MP3 audio codecs , MPGa audio/MPG video.All I can say is wow . This is a workhorse of a DVD player and i feel sorry for friends who do n't have one . it 's a shame it is n't more widely available . To think I initially got it for $ 40 years ago ...
 This was an early purchase when relocating from the UK to the US 14 months ago and has been a lifesaver . I needed a small , cheap , multi-region DVD player for ther 100 + Region 2 PAL DVDs I brought over . This fit the bill.A year later and it 's still going strong . It plays all my DVDs plus numerous formats of downloaded content , without problem . I expected to have some issue , be it frame rate or aspect ratio . Nope , this just ran smoothly using basic component cables . The picture quality is excellent and the sound is fine for my HD TV . I have yet to hook up a home cinema but it does have the applicable outputs should I want to.The only negative aspect is the speed to load a disc . From opening the draw -LRB- which is very slow to react -RRB- to the machine recognizing the disc , everything is frustrating slow . As Guiness like to say - Good things come to those who wait . Expect to wait.I recommend this to anyone wanting to play region 2 discs without much cost . For anyone looking to purchase this just for region 1 purposes , I 'd look elsewhere .
 This product supports many protocals -LRB- e.g. Xvid -RRB- and works well . But when the first video I tried did n't start with the `` play '' command , I called for tech support . First I was told that the player did n't support the - RW disk I was using -LRB- which I later found to be incorrect -RRB- . So I went out and bought + RW disks as the tech recommended , and this did n't work either . So I called tech support again , and this time they told me that the avi file I was trying to pay needed to be converted to a file that ended in xvid -LRB- also incorrect -RRB- . I finally figured out that I needed to open a folder on the disk and navigate to highlight the file before hitting the Play button . This should have been mentioned in the user 's manual . But worst of all , the degree of basic understanding of the product by both of the tech support people I spoke to was pathetic .
 I was looking for a DVD player for my sister who was tired of not being able to play whatever she wanted . I had purchased a $ 40 Yamakawa dvd player on eBay several years ago that I hacked and made multi-regional . This thing plays any disc you throw at it . Unfortunately Yamakawa appears to have gone out of business . So I had to go on a bit of a hunt for an affordable player ... but I needed to make sure it could be made region-free . Thank you Emet for posting clear , easy instructions and the hack . This is a FANTASTIC dvd player . If my Yamakawa goes out I will definitely be purchasing another one of these for myself . Its stylish , slim , operates smoothly , and most importantly its super easy to make multi-regional . I 've always had great success with Philips products . I recommend this DVD player to anyone , without reservation ! 08/18/09 As of this writing my Yamakawa has bit the dust . After daily use for almost 4 or 5 years the player just would n't read discs anymore . I purchased one of these Philips dvd players and once again am so glad I did .
 I purchased this DVD player online after all of my searches of the stores in my community turned up nothing . My favorite features on this player are the DivX compatability -LRB- plays all of my ISO and AVI files without issues ! -RRB- , has a `` smart '' picture to fix the colors and it 's thin enough to not take up too much space . I love this machine and it 's usually on from 10am til 8pm at night . Works beautifully and when I wear it out , I 'll buy the same exact one again .
 Bought for multi-region facility , set only for USA use but easy to download instructions off web , useful I 'm a brit with USA partner & have a number of mixed dvd 's , looks good and plays well .
 This DVD player I bought from AMAZON is very good . It can play any types of DVD . Even some compressed discs and discs that normal DVD player is not able to play . With this DVD player , I do n't need to watch any movie from computer anymore.Also shipping package was good . It was arrived at our door during rain . The outside box was all wet . The inside product was wrapped by plastic films tighterly . No any damp or damage.I like this DVD player .
 I bought this player because it plays DVDs sent by family and friends in Europe and Asia . In particular one previous reviewer , H.A. Emet , posted easy instructions to make it play DVDs from all regions . All credit goes to Emet and below are his instructions . They work!To make it region code free follow these instruction :1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key6 . Press the down arrow once to enter the Preference page5 . Enter 138931 on the remote6 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remote
 First of all , thanks to H. A. Emet for his five-star review giving the steps to follow to make this player region free . Such a treat to be able to watch my UK DVD 's now.The IR window on the front of the player is very sensitive . The remote must be pointed directly at it , not just the general direction . That may be one reason some people have had a hard time programming the player . It took me two tries to get the region code screen to display . Connecting and setting up the player was a breeze . Video is crisp and bright and audio is clear.Some features from the User 's Manual : Page 22 - If you hold down the stop button on the remote , the disc tray will open . If you hold down the stop button again , the tray will close.Page 24 - If you press the Play/Pause while a disc is loading , the disc will resume from the last stopped point . This does work for up to the last 5 discs played.Page 24 - Press the righ/left arrows during playback for FF/REV speeds from 2x to 32x . Press the Up/Down arrows for speeds from 1/2x to 1/16x . Sound is muted during this function.Nicely designed player with many features . Take some time to go through the User Manual before passing judgment and writing a review .
 After reading other reveiws , I purchased this unit early last year . The multi region function works flawlessly , the picture is very good for those of us who have n't upgraded to HDTV/Blu-Ray , etc.I 'm back to order 2 more today to replace the other models -LRB- stay away from Toshiba -RRB- im my home that have recently started giving me lots of problems with reading discs .
 I 'm happy with this player . It does what it 's suppose to do , but not all features are described in the manual that comes with it . Additions to the manual can be found online at -LSB- ... -RSB- This decribes how you can resume playback from where you left off if you turn off the unit , how to open the tray , and other things.One thing that I really like about this player is that the remote is well laid out and not cramped . You cna change the chapters , fast forward or fast reverse , open the tray , or get back to the DVD 's main menu.The unit supports Windows Media but only WMA files on audio disks . It will not play WMV videos.In two weeks time the unit has worked without fail . It does not skip . It plays music CDs . The picture is sharp and the audio is great . The unit is somewhat slow to respond to commands , but I think this is inherent in all DVD players.I bought this unit for $ -LSB- ... -RSB- plus shipping from a vendor who lists here at Amazon . This is a good price for this unit .
 I 'd like to buy reviewer H.A.Emet a drink !! The box on the DVP5140 says very clearly that IT ONLY PLAYS REGION 1 DISCS . So does the manual . But reviewer H.A.Emet somehow found the proper commands to reset the unit to all region -LRB- region 0 -RRB- . So , anyone who 's interested in this player for playing international discs should jump at the chance . JUST BE SURE YOU WRITE DOWN THE INSTRUCTIONS within the above mentioned review . Incredibly . . it does not appear in the manual anywhere -LRB- at least I could not find it -RRB- . CHEERS TO REVIEWER Emet !!!!!!!!!
 I bought this DVD player in order to watch DiVx material I downloaded from the internet , as well as to see some Italian movies that a friend of mine in Rome had burned for me . What an awesome player ! I followed the instructions posted by another Amazon.com reviewer and was able to make the player code-free in a matter of minutes . That 's a big plus , as my wife and I travel overseas quite frequently and will enjoy having a DVD player that plays all regions . But what really astounded me about this very low-cost player is its non-low-cost video resolution . It 's as good as any stand-alone DVD player I 've ever used . The sound quality is also exceptional , and I have n't even hooked up the coaxial cable yet . Lastly , I have n't had any of the issues with the remote that some others have . I simply point it at the player and it works , period . Ditto with using the STOP button to open/close the tray . Amazing what happens when you read the instructions . I love this player !
 This DVD player is a great option for those with DVDs from multiple regions . It was very easy to change the region to 0 -LRB- I followed instructions that someone listed in the reviews -RRB- . The only problem I have is that it does n't flag your DVD when you stop the player so you have to fast forward or start all over when you turn it back on . Other than that , it has great picture and sound quality .
 I just received my DVP5140 and could n't be happier . The code and instructions given here worked like a charm . At first the remote was somewhat unresponsive but changing the angle of the player just slightly resolved the problem . The remote has fewer buttons than the norm and for me that is great . Easier to feel your way to the right button in the dark.What I have n't seen mentioned is that the manual does include instructions on how to set up your system to play both NTSC and PAL . The instructions refer to the NTSC/PAL settings found on the set up menu . So , though the multi-region feature is not advertised , it is documented .
 I purchase the regular Philips DVP5140 DVD player from Amazon and successfuly configured it to a region-free DVD player . It played all my DVD from USA , UK , New Zealand , and Asia without any problem . I think it is an excellent choice.However , I am a bit surprised to find that the remote is very primitive , e.g. , it does not have an Open/Close button , the standard Fast Forward , Fast reverse buttons are missing too -LRB- right and left arrow buttons does the job -RRB- . I am unable to assign five stars to this product because of the deficiencies in the remote design . Otherwise it is an excellent value for your money . Otherwise it 's an excellent product for the price .
 I bought this to be able to play foreign dvds and it works great . I was able to enter a code and can play dvds from England etc. . Great product
 I was looking for an affordable DVD player that would play DVDs from all regions . The VCRs that would play all formats were incredibly expensive.But I found this one and with a review listed that told me EXACTLY how to set it up to play any region 's DVD . Now , I 'm finally getting to see a British series that was not made in US/Canada format .
 I bought this DVD player mainly to play other region DVDs but to my surprise , the digital quality of this DVD is about the same as my other DVD player , which costs a lot more than this one . The only turn-off about this DVD player is that it does n't have a scan-rewind and scan-fast-forward option in the remote . When you press fast-forward or rewind , the chapter just jumps ahead or behind.Overall , a great DVD player for a small standard entertainment center.EDIT !!! After a year of using this DVD player -LRB- I do n't use it that often -RRB- , I finally found out that you can actually rewind and fast-forward ! Just press the right arrow key for fast-forward and the left arrow key for rewind.I also thought this DVD player can not go back to where I stopped on the disc once I turned off the player , but I found out that it can actually hold up to 5 DVD 's memory . Here 's what you do :1 . Turn on the DVD player2 . While `` loading '' is shown on the screen , immediately press `` Play '' on your remote3 . The DVD will go back to where you left off * Note that you must have played the same DVD beforehand and stopped it by just pressing the `` Stop '' button once , and then turned off the player . If you press `` Stop '' twice , it 's going to cancel the memory.So this is a normal DVD player after all . I thought it lacked a lot of basic functions at first but since I just needed the multi-region function from this DVD player , I thought I just take everything for granted . Luckily this little thing surprised me a the end .
 Works very well and looks great . I can find no fault with this player . Also , very easy to use .
 I just broke my 4-year-old DAEWOO MR DVD player so replaced it with this for about the same price . Once I followed the first reviewer 's helpful advice , and then discovered at the Phillips site -LRB- http://www.usa.philips.com/ -RRB- how to open & close the disc tray -LRB- hold the stop button for at least a few seconds -RRB- , I decided this player was n't too bad . I just wish it had a better , sturdier remote control . -LRB- Have n't played with the progressive scan , DivX , MP3s or WAVs yet . -RRB-
 Got my dvd player today . I was all prepare to work the magic of the code , following the instruction till step 5 , but only to realize there was no place to enter the code in `` Preference '' at all !! I pressed the code on the remote anyways , nothing happens ... Redo the steps , same results !! after about 5 mins of frastration , it suddently hit me , just try the dvds , I popped foreign dvd in there , and it worked !! did my dvd player come multi-region ready ? or was it my `` blind '' decoding ? who knows ...
 By following easy instructions , was able to play discs from all regions and play PAL format DVDs . Without this player , I was not able to do either.Was told that DVP5140 is the only model that can do this , so just make sure you get the right model .
 We liked the DVD player so much that we are ordering several more for our art gallery .
 I am using this machine solely for MP3 support . It is a little slow to load , but maybe that is because a 700Mb CD contains around 125 tunes . Anyway , it is easy to use and seems dependable .
 I heard about some DVD players that can play different region codes . It is true , and this is one of them . I think you must , first , set it up by entering a special code . Someone is already explaining how to do it here , so you just need to read that review.It does make a very small high tone noise when it is at the `` stand by '' mode . It 's much quieter than my refrigerator 's noise , and I can only recognize it when I am at the right next to the unit . Otherwise , I would have rated this product 5-stars .
 I purchased this item to play PAL disks and purchased a PAL disk for a movie for my wife that was unavailable in the United States . I hooked it up and it would not play the disk . I called Phillips and they told me that the machine I purchased would play only PAL disks that were Region I or Region O.I figured I must have made a mistake , but I knew I had checked this before . I reread EMET 's review and instructions . -LRB- See below -RRB- . It worked . Just remember that when you get to Preferences , just enter the number he gives you.Thank you EMET.Plays NTSC and PAL DVDs , July 27 , 2006Reviewer
 nothing but good things to say about this unit . i 've had this unit for 3 months now , before that i had the unit this replaced -LRB- 5460 -RRB- . the resolution looks better on this unit than the 5460 when playing the same file . i know there are slightly cheaper divx players but i have gotten good performance out of these philips units .
 I ordered this DVD player specifically because I have some European DVDs that will not work in American DVD players . But I ordered this player , followed the instructions -LRB- posted online -RRB- on how to make this unit multi-region , and now it works great !! If you want to watch DVDs from different regions , this is the player you need . But you MUST FIRST enter the code which is easily found on the internet .
 I was somewhat confused initially by talk I 'd seen around the web concerning region-free vs. code-free vs. both , etc. . All I wanted was a good DVD player that would play any region dvd . I was even concerned with purchasing this player as I never found a review -LRB- of the ones I read -RRB- which said someone successfully changed the region to 0 and then played with Region 1 and 2 DVDs . Well , so far so good!Using the instructions found in Emet 's review , I successfully changed the region to 0 and then played two Region 1 DVDs . I will update later with whether or not the Region 2 DVDs I mainly bought this player to play will work.As for the other features on this player , they 're pretty much what you 'd expect . Component/AV Out , Divx , and a good remote with not-too-many buttons . Overall , I 'm very pleased with what 's turning out to be a solid purchase.UPDATE
 I previously had one of the first DivX players out , the JVC XP-NV10S Progressive DVD player . This thing was a turd as standard DVD 's jitter and many many of the Divx files had pallet issues.I did n't find this unit at Amazon and I bought it on a whim when I saw it supported DivX 3.11 / 4/5/6 / 6ultra . Turns out , this thing plays all the divx/xvid files I have ...
 I love this $ 60 dvd player . I got sick of watching those wma files on my computer , instead i can burn most of my files that play on wma -LRB- Most -RRB- and lay down and watch them on my big screen . I already have a dvd recording unit or i might recommend something else . My friend said theres a nice wma compatible unit with recorder built in but that runs about $ 150 . No SV out -LRB- Does have component outs -RRB- but it displays a nice picture using standard video outs . I got mine from ant online which i ordered on a thursday around midnight and it came to my door on monday using their cheapest shipping method . Philips seems to be a quality electronic company now that can compete with prices , did i mention this is only $ 60 .
 No step ? I 'm trying to watch Lost Season 2 , episode 23rd Psalm -- one which would be greatly enhanced by the frame-by-frame feature -LRB- or Step on most DVD players -RRB- -- and I can not make this happen . I 've looked through the entire manual on-line , and I just do n't think it 's capable of stepping through video content frame by frame . The best I can do is a 1/32 second speed . This is close , but you can not go from this speed to paused easily because if you press the pause/play button at this speed , it goes back to full-speed play . : -LRB- Other than this , and the LoooooooNG time it takes to eject the disc tray after recovering from Standby mode , I do n't really have any complaints . It played all of my family home movies encoded in Koepi-build XVid just fine . : - -RRB-
 We did n't watch any television or movies for about 3 or 4 years . Yes , the kids would watch , but my husband and I probably watched a movie every other month or so . However , I decided recently that I ought to catch up on my tv viewing and needed a new dvd player when my WONDERFUL Daewoo region free player died.So , I looked for a new region free dvd player and came upon this one . And , the instructions for making this region free worked like a charm . One try , and it played the British dvds I 've been getting -LRB- much much cheaper on Amazon UK than here -RRB- . The most important thing of all is that the player plays . And , it does ! However , I did n't realize what a great player that Daewoo was until I got this one . The remote here does n't have an eject button -LRB- I know you have to get up to put the disc in -RRB- and it does n't have volume control . I still have to figure out the advance function codes for my universal remote , so I may even be able to get the dvd player to eject with the Universal remote.This player takes a bit longer to do its functions . Turning it on , off , etc. , takes longer -- I can hear it spin and just when I wonder if it is even going to work , it does . It 's definitely not as fast as I 'd like but it plays perfectly fine and that 's the most important thing of all.All in all , I ca n't be happier . I received this very fast from Amazon , had it out of the box , hooked it up , programmed it to Region 0 -LRB- any region -RRB- , and had a PAL dvd running in probably under 5 minutes .
 Multi zone DVD player , plays ALL formats from dvx . to mp3 . and avi . so you can record movies on the computer and watch them on your player.The only thing - I wish they would set it up for multizone functioning BEFORE they ship it . I did it myself according to the instructions given , and it took me five minutes , but why not to tune it up for the customer ?
 I already had a dvd player I like alot and simply bought this one to play xvid/divx video files people gave to me . It plays them flawlessly . Prior to this I had to hook up my laptop to the TV which was cumbersome . This relieved me of the hassel , so I 'm very happy about it.Now for the remote . It 's small , made of cheap plastic and acts quirky . The buttons do not always do what I expect . It also has no range . Unless I am holding it just perfectly less that three feet in front , the unit does n't respond . This is really annoying when trying to access the extra features on a DVD .
 Excellent product and economical price . I followed the instruction to re-code for multi regions and it worked .
 The set up on this machine is a bit clunky but after working through that the machine has worked well and has good video output . I have successfully used both prerecorded DVDs and home made photo CDs . Seems a good deal for the price .
 What else to say ? It plays everything you throw at it . Can also be made region free with little effort ; just a simple web search . I dislike the remote as it does n't work well at any long distance . The player could also be a little bit faster in response to commands but what do you expect for the $ ?
 I love this dvd player ... Although my favorite is my old Apex one that lasted 5 or so years ... they dont sell it anymore so this is what I settled with and I am very very happy . There are a lot of features on it . I like the screensaver on it . The remote does seem to have a short length before it doesnt work but I relized you just need to have it at the right angle . . Pointing it upwards slightly helps ... There is a little ledge just above where the sensor is so if it 's pointed down it blocks it.I love the look of it and the sleakness of it . The remote is great and easy to use .
 Overall good quality if frequent bad remote reception is acceptable.Pro
 We are very pleased with this DVD player . It plays DVDs from all over the world and the picture is perfect.Thank you very much !!
 THE PRODUCT IS WORKING WELL . THE ONLY DISADVANTAGE IS THAT THE REMOTE DOES NOT HAVE AN EJECT FEATURE .
 This a GREAT and nice-looking DVD player . Lovely picture , terrific audio and many cool features.Please be aware that Philips only makes one model of the DVP5140 . It will play any NTSC/PAL DVD onto any PAL or NTSC TV . I know this beacuse I called them and asked before buying mine.So - if you want to play DVDs from any region in any format on any TV , DO NOT BUY the `` Multi Region Code Free DVD player '' which costs $ 89.99 . Simply search for `` DVP5140 '' and get the standard player which costs $ 57.95 on Amazon and is identical to the so-called multi-region DVP5140.To make it region code free follow these instruction :1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key6 . Press the down arrow once to enter the Preference page5 . Enter 138931 on the remote6 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remote
 This a GREAT and nice-looking DVD player . Lovely picture , terrific audio and many cool features.Please be aware that Philips only makes one model of the DVP5140 . It will play any NTSC/PAL DVD onto any PAL or NTSC TV . I know this beacuse I called them and asked before buying mine.So - if you want to play DVDs from any region in any format on any TV , DO NOT BUY the `` Multi Region Code Free DVD player '' which costs $ 89.99 . Simply search for `` DVP5140 '' and get the standard player which costs $ 57.95 on Amazon and is identical to the so-called multi-region DVP5140.To make it region code free follow these instruction :1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key6 . Press the down arrow once to enter the Preference page5 . Enter 138931 on the remote6 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remote
 Unlike other temperamental machines that I have owned this one plays everything . You can save money over the higher priced version of this machine by making it region free by following these instructions : To make it region code free follow these instruction :1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key6 . Press the down arrow once to enter the Preference page5 . Enter 138931 on the remote6 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remoteProbably ca n't beat it for the money
 I can not fit all the good things I want to say about this product in only one review . I bought this due to the massive amounts of re-encoding required for converting DIVX and XVID movies to standalone-DVD format . It would take hours on end.With this player you can copy the clips themselves to a blank CD-R or DVD-R and it works fine . I do n't know why people report so many problems with this player - It 's played every single disc I 've thrown at it . Multi brands too , both - R , - RW , + R , and + RW . It also plays CD-R/RW discs with the DIVX/XVID/WM files burned to them.This player is the last one I 'll ever get . I 've just purchased one for my parents too , since I 've enjoyed mine so much . Try it - You wo n't be sorry .
 Yes , this unit really can play PAL DVDs from any region on an NTSC TV . I did n't think that was possible at this price point . And of course , it plays NTSC DVDs just fine as well . It has all of the features you 'd expect to find on a DVD player , and has a fine picture.Don ' t believe the other reviews complaining about how it does n't do something it should , or does something it should n't . These people did n't read the manual . The functions on the remote are somewhat non-standard , and the means of accessing certain features is n't obvious . You MUST read the manual . For example , the fast-forward and chapter skip are on different buttons , unlike most DVD players I 've used.I 'm not giving this player five stars because of the build quality . The player itself is of rather low quality , but the remote control sets new standards for `` cheap Chinese junk . '' Without the batteries , it 's a wonder it does n't float out of your hand . So while the unit works well , I 'm not sure that it 's going to give me years of use .
 This player has a lot of well-implemented features for a good price . This Machine is Ultimately a Region Free DVD Player . Yes it can Play Region 1,2,3,4,5,6 PAL or NTSC on any TV . Great Buy '' Great Job '' North Star Electronics '' . Just pop in your european disc and it will paly right there on your screen no codes to enter no nothing . :1 -RRB- This player CAN play DTS discs via a DTS-capable receiver on the COAX digital output .2 -RRB- Region Free DVD Player , Can Play PAL or NTSC Region 1,2,3,4,5,6 right on your TV ! 3 -RRB- 1 've only had the player a couple of weeks , but I really like it so far . I 'm not a Audio/Video-phile , but the picture and sound quality is good on my 42 '' LCD HDTV once I turned on the Progressive Scan feature and hooked it up with a component cable . I also found start-up times and loading times to be good.Good LuckWas this review helpful to you ?
 For the price this really is a good deal , considering the variety of discs it plays . So far it has played all of my DVD-r and - rw discs , though the manual claims otherwise.I have about 20 DivX discs most of them contain 10 plus titles on them , one title on one disc claimed improper codec so the audio was still heard but no video . The rest played flawlessly . There is even a title that freezes when I play it on my PC but NOT on this player . An on screen counter display shows time remaining and time in , and its small and suttle . Of course you can remove it just as easy . The manual claims it supports WMA but not WMV , I have n't tried either.PAL / NTSC capable , your T.V. does not have to be a PAL T.V. -LRB- or vice versa -RRB- to work , all that is taken care of internally . I own two PAL/region 2 discs and again no problems playing either . -LRB- refer to H.A. Emet 's review for directions to make region free -RRB- Now for some reason it is very important that certain individuals have to have an eject button on their remote . As if some godly power is going to swap the disc for them as well . These individuals have given bad reviews based on their assumption that this player lacks such an option . As well as the lack of a fast forward or reverse . The remote is cheesy do n't get me wrong , but if they had read their manuals it clearly states the existence of both options . If opening and closing the tray from your lazyboy is that important to you just hold the stop button for a few seconds and presto ! Now you can get up and swap the disc , or have fido do it for you ! As far as FFW and REV during playback , the left cursor -LRB- arrows surrounding the `` OK '' button -RRB- or right cursor perform these functions . Every press of the button changes the speed.Another issue I 've noticed , is people are confused when they get to the code entering portion of H.A.Emet 's directions for making it region free . There is no PLACE to enter the digits , JUST DO IT ! Some complain the tray opens too slow , or it takes to long to load a disc . There is a `` lag '' when you press open , but that only occurs when you first power up . And I 'm only talking a few seconds if that . This seems to be a Philips `` thing '' since my other Philips player is just as slow.I 'm not going to address the picture quality or sound since numorous other reviews have already covered those . But I will say I own three players and a recorder , there is n't too much differences in sound and picture between them . Also this unit does not support s-video , only cheesy CVBS cables -LRB- yellow , red and white -RRB- or component video , I.E. Y Pb Pr -LRB- color stream for you Toshiba fans -RRB- . The unit measures 171/8 '' long by 9 '' deep by 11/2 '' tall -LRB- including the feet -RRB- 2/12/08After trying other remotes I discovered it 's the player that has issues with distance not the remote . Though the remote is still cheesy . A lot of people have had bad luck with play back after a short period of time . Luckly I have not . I also do n't use this player as my primary one . Another thing I 've noticed is some of my DVD-R 's experince slight hesitation in the frame rate when the movement on screen is fast . But again this player does n't claim to support DVD-R . I highly recommend you read P.Hooker 's review before you purchase this player !
 A good work horse ; I have only one minor agitation with the Philips DVP5140 , the tray is slow to open , but I can live with that . I made the purchase to replace a high end multi-disc Sony DVD player , that had too many bells and whistles for mom to feel comfortable using.If there was one thing I would add if the price would remain the same , it would be an S-Video Output connection.The DVP5140 , is a simple straight forward unit that gives a good picture , and plays a lot of formats . I had no problems playing NTSC/PAL DVD 's right out of the box . It 's a good product for the price . I may add one for the playroom.E . Taylor
 Recently I have bought divx format items on Ebay which I was told would play on computer dvd . Some of these came from overseas . I took my discs to a computer store , and had to try several before I found one that was compatible . Even then i could not get the video aspect working properly on all my discs . Buying a new computer was an expensive option.In the end after research I bought this machine , and fortunately my divx discs work very well . I was even able to set the machine so that it works without interfering with my existing video dvd set up because it does not need to connect to the tv using your antenna.If you want to play your computer dvd 's or divx , I recommend this machine . Can you think of a cheaper alternative , under $ 50 ? Also , the remote from my other Philips dvd player works on this machine which is cool .
 I bought this player for region-free use -LRB- actually , just region 2 -RRB- . It works fine and plays my British DVDs with no problems , once I set the region code . I am using component output , progressive scan and digital audio , and the quality of picture and sound is very good for such an inexpensive unit.At first , I thought this unit did not have fast forward or reverse . Just `` play '' , `` pause '' and `` stop '' . I was astonished , but there are no obvious buttons for these functions on the remote.RTFM - Read the -LRB- fine -RRB- manual , under the topic `` forward/reverse searching '' to find these functions . They are triggered by the right and left menu navigation buttons '' > '' and '' < '' , instead of the familiar '' >> '' and '' < < '' .
 You wo n't be sorry if you buy this player . The DVP5140/37 lives up to every positive review here , including its multi-region capability . Since Philips is an international business , it would n't be cost-effective for them to design and build a machine with distinct parts and programming for every sales region . That 's why they built a base machine that can be adjusted by their techs easily to fit each locality , hence a hidden Region menu . The DVP5140 is the best way to approach multi-region disc play with a minimum investment and without voiding Philips ' warranty . But buy yourself the component cable to get the best video output .
 I got this to play International DVDs on it and followed some of the previous recommendations to set it up . It surely worked and we have lots of fun with DVDs from all over the world with it .
 Delightful . Plays all but the latest codec updates and offers component video jacks . Digital audio output is coax only . Can be made region-free for those DVDs from other regions . Very useful .
 this dvd player can play DivX , Avi , Wma formats , and so on.if you want to watch those files on tv , this is the right one.however , if you have new 2007 formats , sometime it ca n't read .
 I am buying my second one right now -LRB- Amazon please remove my comment if I lie -RRB- . The DVD player quality is great better than my old Sony . I read all the reviews especially those of the people who are negative and I could tell all of those people that their problems are not related to their player . The signal audio and video is very good and strong.Yes , it does play bad shape CD and DVD . Remind me who invented the CD ? Philips ! I supposed that it may explain something . . For the one who said that it does not play DVD-R , my DVD-R plays fine and they are not the most expensive DVD-R , however there are extremely cheap DVD-R who are only compatible to some players ... Stay away from those . For saving your life souvenirs of expensive vacation , do not be too cheap.For the region code , it does play my over-the-sea DVDs using the menu code ; it is true that you have to change the code manually because playing in region 0 will not work to play Hollywood movies which check the region code to be exactly 1 . The majority of European DVDs -LRB- not Hollywood -RRB- do not have region code anyway.So , if you are asking me if I do recommend it , naturally I do .
 Very simple , sleek outer design - lightweight , thin , simple aesthetics . I purchased this based upon the recommendation and instructions from the Customer Review of H.A. Emet -LRB- whom I do n't know personally -RRB- . I took a chance , purchased this through Amazon , followed his directions -LRB- keep DVD tray opened , enter Setup on remote , go to Preferences , press down arrow once , enter 138931 , use up/down arrow to set to `` 0 '' , press play , exit back to main field , done ! -RRB- . I travel quite a bit , and have DVDs from different places in the world . I tried out my `` Black Books '' -LRB- PAL - Region 2 -RRB- DVD and it was automatically accepted by the DVP5140 . Then I popped it out and put in `` Buffy the Vampire Slayer , Season 7 '' DVD -LRB- NTSC - Region 1 -RRB- , and it worked without having to change any settings.Great picture quality , color , resolution . So far , great sound . I 've only had it for a few days now , but worth every penny of the $ 50 I paid for it . Highly recommended !
 1 . Does not have DVI out , only composite and component2 . The region-free hack works -LRB- see other reviews for details -RRB- 3 . To open the tray from the remote , press and hold `` stop '' for about three seconds4 . To fast or reverse search , hit the < or > key while playing a DVD5 . For resume function , hit `` play '' either on the unit or on the remote while the unit is loading a DVD .6 . DivX and Xvid standard definition files will play .
 It works just as described . I read other reviews before I bought it and it works as they said . I set it to no region also that works too . I got it to read and play a avi cd rom video I burned . So I guess it does what it says and the clarity is pretty damn good as well .
 As others have said , provided you enter in the correct code at the correct menu , this works wonderfully for playing DVD 's from regions in which you are n't . I was skeptical , especially when the packaging on mine when I got it even had a label on it that said something to the effect of `` This will not play DVD 's from other than Region 1 '' but never fear ... follow the instructions the other reviewers put up and you will be watching your foreign movies in no time -LRB- in my case , a series from British ITV . -RRB- Enjoy !
 I entered the code and it plays my foreign films plus divx and other formats . Works well !
 As others have pointed out , the remote for this unit does not have separate ffw/rev buttons , but you can still do the usual 2x ,4 x ,8 x speed . These functions are provided by right and left arrow buttons .
 This DVD player is as described . Plays everything , but is very slow to response and with a lousy remote control . But I knew it in advance from other people 's reviews , so I do n't complain . I think it is a very good purchase for the money .
 We just got this to replace our Toshiba DVD player that died . It is awesome !! It plays DIVX movies and Windows Media Players and it took 2 seconds to get it to play any region DVDs . Fantastic price for all these features . Plus it looks cool !
 This is a good DVD player . Once you program it to play all regions , it works quite well . An earlier reviewer has posted the instructions on how to program it . I have only played Region 1 and Region 2 on this DVD player so I do n't know how it works with other regions . The only real downside to the DVD player is that the remote does n't have an eject/open button or volume control . Overall though , it is a quality DVD player that plays DVDs from multiple regions .
 I bought this unit because my older model Toshiba player had problems playing DVD-R 's and even some DVD 's . This little guy plays everything ! Not a fancy player and I agree that the remote is rudimentary , but I am still very pleased with my purchase . Good value for the money .
 This product plugged in and worked . I was surprised to find the remote does not provide a fast forward feature , only a scene advance option . Do n't worry , any old universal remote provides this feature without a problem .
 The item is very good . Everything plays like a charm and I mean everything , CD 's , mp3 , DVD , DivX etc. . I have never seen something that complete for such a low price . Some features are missing like memory when the video is stopped and other little things but the unit do what it promises . Other thing ... the resolution for the DivX is a bit low ... it is good quality for TV shows that I download and watch aftwerwards but not so good for movies ... but again , at such a low price I can not not complain at all ...
 First of all , I love the slim line look and light weight feel to this DVD player . I have n't had the chance yet , to play any DVD 's other than NSTC , so I have n't tested it for PAL DVD 's which is the reason I purchased this player . Reading the helpful hints and coding to use to enable this player to play all regions will help a great deal when my PAL DVD 's arrive from England.It is becoming a bit more difficult to find multiregional players , and this was a great deal for the price .
 Yes , the trick by H.A. Emet does work.I can see all of my Japanese DVD now : -RRB- If you couls n't get it work , you reallyneed to try it again!Thanks H. A. Emet .
 Plays PAL discs , plays discs from any region , plays my discs full of AVI files -LRB- I rip my TV season sets , put an entire season on a DL-DVD -RRB- . I have no idea what `` P. Ho '' 's problem is ... the region change code works great . Time was when Phillips * shipped * their units set to region 0 , but no longer .
 This is a great little DVD player ! Once I entered the code to make it region free -LRB- Region 0 -RRB- , it plays all my Region 2 and Region 4 DVD 's without any problem . The picture quality is good . The only thing Philips could have done was put in a rev/fwd feature , but other than that I could not be more satisfied ! I bought two of them becasue the price was so low !!
 For $ 26 more you get USB support and 1080 -LRB- which you may not need -RRB- with the Philips DVP5982.Save $ 26 and get this one if you do n't need USB.Free Shipping ??? Wow .
 This DVD player is the best I 've ever owned . The region-free mod and the ability to upgrade the codecs make it incredibly versatile . The sound quality and picture quality are great , and the remote -LSB- although some parts are n't clearly marked -RSB- offers all the functions I need . Philips offers another , more expensive `` region-free '' player , but as other reviews have mentioned , this a much better deal and has all the same functions . All in all , a really great deal .
 This is a high-quality , low-cost , no-frills player that did what I wanted it to do . If I was interested in more features , I 'd probably go for something higher-end .
 This is a very good DVD Player . It arrived ahead of time and in good shape . It is easy to operate and now my husband and I can finally watch our Region 2 DVDs as well !
 This DVD player gives me return more that expected . Output quality is good . I find little bit difficult while operating remote control of this player . But overall this product is good .
 I bought this to play Region 2 DVDs , and it seems to do that just fine .
 This is a terrific value for money DVD player . Not only can it be easily set to play any region DVD -LRB- many thanks to H. A. Emet for his invaluable and easily followed instructions -RRB- but it seamlessly translates from PAL to NTSC . The manual says that it can also do the reverse , but I have n't been able to test it.For some reason neither of these capabilities is promoted in the product literature , and as such , the player sells at a substantial discount . I was able to buy one this weekend from my local Radio Shack on a manager 's special clearance for just $ 52 !! The shelf labelling would have given no clue to anyone who did not know what they were looking at as to why the unit was different to the others around it.Thanks to this unit I can play UK discs on my US TV with really pretty good image quality . How you can get this sort of sophisticated electronics for close to fifty dollars amazes me . At this price , how can you go wrong?The only slight negative I have found is that the remote control is not very powerful and you really need to point it directly at the player .
 Thanks to a fellow reviewer 's immensely helpful instructions , I am able to watch region 2 PAL DVDs on this player using my NTSC TV without any other equipment necessary ! That 's what I bought this player for , and I am happy to say that it does what everyone says it will do , despite what its box and rear panel say . Granted , the sound and picture are n't quite up to the level of my Pioneer Elite DVL-91 , but they are good quality and this player does n't require hardware modification -LRB- like the DVL-91 -RRB- to make it a region 0 player . Thanks bunches , Mr. Emet !
 I purchased this DVD player primarily because it is a DIVX Ultra certified device . I needed a DVD player to play DIVX content and this player does an awesome job . I highly recommend it .
 There was nothing wrong with the DVD player . It was the wrong item for me . I wanted to be able to play European DVD and it could not do that . Overall my experience was satisfactory . I would have liked for the credit of my return to have taken less time , instead of 6 weeks .
 The product looked great . We purchased it for a teacher that requested it at our High School .
 I almost returned this DVD player because I couldnt find the FF and REW buttons at all . My girlfriend likes to talk during movies and I always have to rewind because she flaps her gums over important dialog that I end up missing.I told her she has to shut up from now on or Ill have to go back an entire chapter and she will have to watch it all over again ... . HOWEVER ... thanks to this other guys review : At first , I thought this unit did not have fast forward or reverse . Just `` play '' , `` pause '' and `` stop '' . I was astonished , but there are no obvious buttons for these functions on the remote.RTFM - Read the -LRB- fine -RRB- manual , under the topic `` forward/reverse searching '' to find these functions . They are triggered by the right and left menu navigation buttons '' > '' and '' < '' , instead of the familiar '' >> '' and '' < < '' . Now I can FF or REW - but Im NOT telling my girlfriend that !!!
 This player is amazing ... I am very happy for my purchase and the reasons for appear below : Pros : - Great slim and slick design - It is multisystem , plays on both PAL/NTSC - It plays whatever you put in there . Many dvd playersthat i tried would n't play some of my homebrew dvd titles.This little machine plays them all !! - It can be converted easily to multiregion - The sound is very good even with divx moviesCons : - the only cons is the limit on the number of lettersthat appear in the menu when you try to watch a divx movie.The filenames are cut in half.Since the only cons does n't create any problem to me i decided togive 5 stars to this product . Highly recommended and you wo n't regret it ... ; -RRB-
 I bought this DVD player and I am very pleased with its performance . It is easy to use and the picture and sound are great ! Will recommend this to others .
 Remote does not work well at all . even using my logitech universal does n't help . But it plays everything I throw at it . Even with the remote problem I 'm happy with it
 Overall good . Very slim and light , as advertised . Easy to hook up . Only downside is that it does n't have a coaxial cable jack . I do n't know if this is typical now though . To run cable tv thru DVD to tv . Versus cable box or VCR . Good deal !!!
 One month of use , so far so good . No complaints except the remote feels -LRB- and is -RRB- cheap . What do you expect for forty bucks ? Has played everything I 've thrown at it . Grab one and see for yourself .
 Easy setup . Plays both PAL and NTSC on an NTSC monitor -LRB- the converter is built in -RRB- , so ideal for those in the US looking for a dual format deck . And the numeric code available on the Internet through a variety of sites makes this a region free deck with just the push of a few buttons . Yes , the code works . I 've set my deck to Region 0 , so I can play anything . I bought to play Region 2 PAL Bionic Woman discs . Works like a charm , while still playing back all of my other discs . Deck is small , lightweight , and not aesthetically challenged .
 Considering this player costs around $ 50 , it works quite well . I 've played MP3 CDs , DVD-RWs , DVD-Rs , and commercial DVDs flawlessly . My only negative complaint is the remote , which is very cheap , and this caveat can be fixed by purchasing a better one . If you are looking for something for an HDTV and you do n't want to pay an exorbitant price for a High Def player , go with a DVD player with 1080P upconvert ; this player is for general DVD viewing only .
 I bought this DVD player after seeing it in action at a friend 's house . I have not been disappointed with my own player . It works great both with my normal DVDs and with data DVDs on which I 've burned divx/avi files . My only quibble with it was that it took me a small amount fiddling before I figured out which buttons on the remote functioned as the fast forward and rewind buttons . All in all , I 'm very pleased with this DVD player and would recommend it to anyone who has a lot of divx files they 'd like to watch on a bigger screen than their computer can provide .
 This is good DVD Player . I have used the earlier DVP642 for about a year , but it wo n't play DivX6 . DVP5140 plays DivX6 , this player is a wonder it literally plays everything that you throw at it.I am satisfied with this player . The only flaw i find is the build quality is not as good as the DVP642 , it feels a bit vulnerable compared to the DVP642 . The DVP642 appeared more robust . The second thing is , it does not have a volume control on the menu.Other than that this player is good and for the price its a steal deal.Highly recommended .
 This DVD player is pretty good , and the good thing about it is that it is multiformat and can also be used to play DVD 's from Europe or Asia .
 I bought this unit on a gamble . For $ 43 , and free shipping with Amazon Prime , it was hard to go wrong.The good : Can do region selecting , see Mr. Emet 's review here for instructions.Can do region 0 - AllRCE protected discs play -LRB- at least the ones I have here in theory -RRB- even with the player in Region 0Resampling to hidef , from NTSC and PAL , both look good -LRB- But needs to be enabled -RRB- The bad : Digital audio out is coax only . If your AV receiver is optical only for digital input and no coax inputs , you will be restricted to traditional RCA plus for stereo output.The remote control is not so good . The beam width is tight , you have to point quite directly at the dvd player for buttons to register.For $ 43 bucks delivered , this gamble payed off .
 The item from the Philips Corp is an awsome buy . It 's very user freindly and easy to set up . It folllows through with all it claims to be able to do . For others who purchase this item , please note this player will play all region DVD 's , but you will need to google the name of the player and go to the many web sites that will come up and get the codes to completely unlock the system .
 Just received the player . One drawback is that it does not read DVD-R at all . But it reads DVD+R and , as promised , plays numerous file formats .
 I bought the DVP5140 to play UK -LRB- format2 -RRB- disks , since it specifies multiformat . BUT , when bought here in the US , it will only play US -LRB- format1 -RRB- , and Philips tech . support wo n't help . They say it can not be changed - any attempt would void the warranty , etc. . They want to sell you a `` Multi-region Code Free DVD player '' that plays all formats , for twice the price . The review by H. A. Emet -LRB- Amazon , 7/27/08 -RRB- explains that DVP5140 's are the same worldwide , and all happily play all formats . Changing is easy , using the remote.The machine is great , and it now does what I need.J.R . Parkes
 The only problem I have with this DVD player is that it takes a long time to process a command . It takes a few seconds to turn on , a few seconds to open the tray , and a long time to load the DVD .
 Works fine - nothing special . No eject button is a bit odd . It 's a bit sluggish to respond . Plays all right .
 I had an earlier version of this DVD player and loved it , so bought this for another room . This model is SO easy to set up and program to be multi-region . Simple to operate , and it looks pretty sweet too . Reccommend highly so far .
 I just got the Philips DVP5140 today and followed Mr. Emet 's directions on how to set it up and it took me all of 5 minutes ! So now I can play dvd 's from other regions here in the US.Before I followed Mr. Emet 's instructions , I called Phillips to see how I could change the region to `` 0 '' so that I could play dvd 's from anywhere ... I was told that this was not a multi-region dvd player and that I could only play US dvd 's -LRB- `` 1 '' or `` all '' -RRB- . I guess its their way of getting you to pay extra for the same exact product.On another note , I 'm really happy I ordered this off of Amazon . I think I got a great price and it literally took 3 days for it to get here -LRB- with Super Saver Shipping -RRB- . I would definitely recommend this product to anyone who wants to be able to play international dvd 's effortlessly . I 've only had it a couple of days but my experience with Philips products is that the last for a good period of time.THREE MONTHS LATER ... product is still working really well and we use it about 4 - 5 times per week!TWO YEARS LATER ... Still working as well as the day we bought it -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- !
 Fantastic player-exactly what I was looking for-I get alot of discs from all over-UK , Italy , Spain , Poland , etc-everything played great-no skips , jitters , just solid quality . No decoding necessary either . I went through a Cyberhome , and 2 TruTechs-they play all regions , but they are junk and the drawers did n't open after a couple of months-this Philips is solid and I like it alot-I highly recommend it to all who are interested in playing all regions . Only drawback -LRB- not really -RRB- is the remote you can not fast scan . CORRECTION
 I do n't know all the technical details that go into this player . All I can say is that it played cd 's burned from my computer , movies burned from the kids computer , bought cd 's , dvd 's , video clips put together by my niece , in short everything I have shoved in the little drawer , has played . I have had zilch problems . As for its durability , I have only had it about 3 months . It has had a good workout so far and seems to have staying power . It does look and feel well ... almost fragile though . I do n't allow the kids to store their disc 's or the remotes on it or move it from room to room , so maybe that will help keep it running longer . It is a sleek and gorgeous piece of electronics . I bought the refurbished one for 40 . It came sealed in a box with all the orginal paperwork.I think that so far this has been an excellent purchase . I am very very happy with the player . It was just what I was looking for and the price made it almost a steal .
 For anyone who has DVDs from other countries and wants to play them here is the US , this player is the answer . It does the impossible with little or no effort ! Thanks to a previous reviewer who gave the step by step instructions on how to change the zone setting . Although the specs indicate this machine plays PAL/NTSC the actual manual that comes with the player does not give the instructions for changing zones .
 So you want an inexpensive DVD player while you wait for Blu Ray and HD-DVD 's to go down in price but you just shelled out big bucks for a nice plasma tv ? Well , this will fill the void and is currently more versatile than most Blu Ray players -LRB- Such as the Sony BDP-S1 which will not play CD 's ! -RRB- . See some of the other reviews for why this is such a great player as I 'm not a tech person . But the fact it can handle DVD 's from all regions in addition to CD 's or DVD 's with DivX video on it is pretty great for the price .
 This device plays everything I need so far . It plays region 1 , 2 , and 3 DVD that I own , Region 3 cartoons , Region 2 operas , and ordinary Region 1 stuff too . It plays CD-V just fine . It also played a PAL Region 2 DVD from Europe , so the PAL to NTSC convertion works as advertised . I 'm very impressed . Imagine quality is excellent . The remote control has few features though , and there is a delay between powering on the unit to when ejecting the tray is possible -LRB- minor irritation -RRB- . It 's certainly worth having if you watch DVD 's from all parts of the world .
 The dvd player is great , quality wise , it looks better than the dvp642 -LRB- its predecessor -RRB- . One of my 2 642s broke down -LRB- burned out -RRB- and unfortunately out of warrantee . -LRB- 1 yr -RRB- One flaw this one has
 This is a fabulous player . I can burn AVI files as data to a DVD or cd and this player recognizes and plays them . The single thing I dislike about this player is that if I pause a movie , the player cuts off after about 20 minutes and there is no way to resume where I left off . However this was n't enough to bump it down to 4 stars . I have yet to find a format it wo n't play .
 This DVD player is really a bargain ! Once you follow the instructions to make this DVD player a region free DVD player , you will be very happy ! The instructions work like magic . Thanx , dude !!! I bought a Sony DVD player , nice looking , cost a bit more but could not play all the DVD 's so I had to return it . After finding out about this Philips DVP5140 , I took the chance and the rest is history.This DVD player worths every penny !
 Wonderful Product . It plays NTSC PAL format . Even better , it plays AVI files on my DVD-R , super thin and cool looking.Definite the best buy !
 This is wonderful , if you use codecs like Xvid instead of DivX do n't worry this device works perfect ! . To make it region free just :1 . Turn on the unit2 . Open the loading tray3 . Press the `` Setup '' button on the remote4 . Navigate to the `` Preferences '' page using the right arrow key6 . Press the down arrow once to enter the Preference page5 . Enter 138931 on the remote6 . You will now see the current region code displayed7 . Use the Up/Down arrow keys to select the region required or `` 0 '' for all regions8 . Press the `` Play '' button on the remote
 I do n't write a lot of reviews . But I got this DVD player because I was looking for something I could play my British DVD 's on - my daughter is a fan of Bagpuss , the Clangers and other obscure British children 's TV.I 've bought several different DVD players for under $ 75 in the last few years , by Coby , Memorex , Akai , Sony and others . I 'm not a video nut so I 'm just interested in something that will work.I bought this player over a year ago and it has performed very well . All my various Region 1 and Region 2 discs played fine . Set up is easy and the remote is efficient . You will need to find the code to punch in to the remote to make it play all region discs.I was also pleased that the unit plays . avi files burned straight from the computer . It does n't support every resolution , but it is handy to have . Note there is no . wmv support , so those files do n't play.I 'm now buying an additional unit for my daughter to have in her room . For the price , it 's very good value in my opinion .
 Got it a couple of months ago and so far it has held true to every thing advertised on the website . Plays both home made and commercial DVDs flawlessly . truly region free , I used one of the earlier posts to set it up and off it went.The lack of S-video was a minor inconvenience for me as I am used to it . Picture quality is excellent . I have also played international DVDs on it with no problems . As of last week , it has found a new home overseas and seems to be doing great on PAL too . I just ordered a replacement for myself.Bottom line
 Bought the `` American '' version and then successfully used the instructions in other user comments to convert it to a region free version . Hooked it up to my Hi-Def projection set and watched a UK DVD . Worked beautifully . Quick and easy to set up . Quick and easy to make region free . Picture quality was excellent .
 The unit seems easy enough to set up and to use . We were able to change settings so as to play DVD 's from my wifes home country of Denmark .
 I bought Philips DVD player and followed instructions by EMET to make DVD player region free and it worked . Search EMET review on this website . EMET was right , it play all DVDs . Keep doing good work . I wish Philips could do better job with remote . Overall it 's a good product . . recommended .
 I bought this DVP5140 from Amazon for $ 47.99 to replace my damaged DVP 642 . The biggest problem with the DVP 642 has actually been `` sort of '' fixed in DVP 5140 ; Certain Region 4 discs I bought -LRB- legally -RRB- would go from widescreen to Full Screen for no Reason , well , with the DVP 5140 if I change the display setting for the problem discs , it `` forces '' the playing of the disc in widescreen . So , the setting is now there , hopefully a firmware upgrade will follow.The crazy thing about this , is that the DVP642 just needs a slight repair which will make it workable if I can find the time to do the repair -LRB- which I have to , since I have a favorite disc jammed in the machine -RRB- . The First DVP642 I bought lasted , and that was bought for 62-63 dollars . The DVP 5140 -LRB- which is Multiformat , Multiregion , etc -RRB- was 47.99 and it is great . Complain all you want about what it has NOT got , but this has features . Yes I will admit that the remote takes a little getting used to , but for a multizone multi-everything gem , this little beast compares with items up in the 1,000 to 1,500 mark ; and favorably . Anyways , the cost is low , just look at what you get for the cost of an Optical drive on a PC ... its great.The problem I had with the DVP 642 was the flashing red Power light problem ; supposedly this refers to a burned out resistor , and can be fixed `` easily '' -LRB- I do n't know about that , but the instructions on the web are fairly straightforward , you just need the time -RRB- . So I upgraded with the hope that there was a fix or some change related to the region 4 issue as mentioned above , and I also have not had the time to devote to repairing the 642 -LRB- yet -RRB- , so I may wind up with two multi-zone players.Anyways , the 5140 is a keeper , and its great .
 I bought it for the VCD compatibility -LRB- showing slides made into movies on CD -RRB- . It works ! My multi-format Samsung with a card reader can not play VCD 's , but this can do it . No open/close button is a small disadvantage . To open the tray right away , you need to turn off the `` standby , '' and then , press the open/close button on the machine . For $ 48 -LRB- on sale at Target for $ 39.99 right now -RRB- it is a pretty great buy .
 I 've had this DVD player for little over a week and it works wonderfully . We bought it specifically to play multi-regional DVDs and thanks to the other reviews were able to make it happen and it operates flawlessly . I only gave it a four/five since I 've only had the player for a short time , although we 've used it for several hours , every day since we got it without a hitch . I have n't had any difficulties with the remote or the player , and setting it to all regions took only a few seconds . Top that with the awesome low price , I hope this DVD player is around for a good long while . I definitely recommend this for anyone on a budget , looking for a versatile player with little to no sacrifice of quality .
 What other reviews say about the weird standby mode instead of a regular on/off , the slow-to-respond eject , and the less-than-perfect-remote are all true . But I bought this to have something to play divx , which it does beautifully and affordably . So I am plenty happy . I do n't think you can do much better with these features at this price .
 This DVD player did everything I expected . $ 40 + shipping for a DIVX capable DVD player is very cheap!Great buy !!
 This is nice looking and solid built machine . The best thing is that it supports DVDs from all regions , although some hacking are needed -LRB- you can find it the highest review -RRB- . The remote control is very ugly and hard to navigate in the set up menu . Other than that I would give it a 5 star rating.If you have DVDs from Germany , Japan , etc. you may want to buy this one . It may be the cheapest one that really supports region free dvd and divx .
 I 've had this DVD player for almost two years now . It always worked great.Plays anything I throw at it -LRB- divx , other avi , dvds , etc -RRB- . I mainly play dvdsand avi files , so I can not vouch for other formats , though . It comes as a region 1 player -LRB- if you buy it in the US -RRB- , but unlocking it so that it plays other regions took 30 seconds -LRB- google and you 'll find how to do it -RRB- . Overall , it is a great product . I read that the remote is flimsy and so I control it with my universal remote and have its own remote put awayin case I need it at some point for some menus that the universal remote ca n't access . Did n't need to use it so far -LRB- other than for unlocking the player -RRB- . I should also add that I recommended this player to a friend and they love it as well .
 This has one of the worst remotes I have ever seen in the mid to upper range DVD player . The remote is tiny , finicky , and you have to sometimes be right in front of the DVD player to make it work . Its 50 % effective from even as close as 5 feet away.Besides the remote , this is a good player . I was able to make this multi region with the hack codes within minutes and its played almost all of my burned DVDs without an issue , and even some of my more scratched commercially produced DVDs played well.Good price point for this product too , considering its capabilities .
 I was looking for a DVD player that would play the most formats . I had one of the $ 30 cheapos from Wal * Mart which worked fine for me , but my wife is from Russia and we started getting quite a few DVDs that my old machine would n't play . After buying this one , I have n't been able to stump it yet . It will even play DVDs that my other machine could n't read because they were scratched . I could n't ask for more.The remote seems a little wimpy though . It seems to have trouble contacting the DVD player through the tinted glass on the front of my cabinet .
 This is a great dvd player if you want to play divx movies or mpeg files burned from your computer onto a cd-r , dvd-r , dvd + r etc. . It plays just about every media format on any kind of blank cd or dvd . It also plays the the standard store bought dvds just fine . I needed it because all the dvds I made at home would receive a disc error when trying to watch them on my old Toshiba . It connected to and played fine on my 42 '' flat screen LCD HDTV . Photos burned onto a cd also play in a slide show without having to connect your camera - very cool . The only thing about this player I would change would be the remote control . It looks cool but is kinda clunky and has to be pointed at precisely the right spot on the player or you 'll end up pushing the button numerous times with no effect . Otherwise I 'm more than satisfied and will continue to use it for a long time .
 This player is smooth . It works great . I had to replace my 5 year old model when it became finicky about playing any DVD 's even new discs . I had to clean and re-clean just to get my old model to play . After purchasing a few concert DVD 's and music videos my old player just buzzed without playing then display `` no disc ' . This Phillips just purrs , I can watch any of my music videos and movies without problems or a big hassle . The controls are pretty simple and the remote is very light like an IPOD . Although I have n't tried any other formats , I 'm very happy with my purchase and received it in just a few days .
 this player is great . it is extremely light with a pleasantly slim profile . considering the bitrate encoding changes i make to compress my videos to a smaller size , the video looks great on my 20 '' Panasonic TV using the composite outs . i have n't had a chance yet to hook it up using the component outs . i have an HDTV set , but i do n't feel like fiddling with the wires just to check out this player . i use DVD-R and DVD-RW media and have not had any problems with playback . i tried to use a CD-RW with a DivX encoded . avi , but it did n't seem to like that . could have been something i did , but it was n't a major concern . i purchased the player to be able to view DVD media with DivX files . the remote could do a little more when playing back DivX , but i 'm not too concerned about that either . i only wish it came in black . this player is great for a low cost DivX playback solution . stop thinking about it and get this player ...
 An amazing -LRB- and amazingly low-cost -RRB- machine , capable of playing virtually any kind of video or music file downloadable today , right on your television and/or though your stereo . I was so impressed with it I got one for everyone in my -LRB- large -RRB- extended family ! You will be more than satisfied .
 I have been using this player for about a month now and I have n't had any problems with anything . It 's excellent at multi-format disks so it pretty much does everything . I 'm a pretty casual user of this thing -LRB- mostly just DVDs and VCDs-Divx -RRB- , but it works alright and has many features I do n't use . I would definitely recommend it . My only reluctance would be the life of the product . DVD players have generally lasted me no more than 12 months so if I can still say I 'm using this thing next fall , that will truly be the test .
 I was searching for a dvd player that could play internation dvd 's at a low cost . I did a lot -LRB- I mean . . A LOT -RRB- of research and most were all over $ 100 + . After reading the reviews on how easy it was to `` hack '' this dvd , I was sold . I 'm pysched !!! If you follow the directions provided by a previous post , you will have yourself a solid unit that plays ALL regions . I 'm telling you . . it was EASY . Less than 10 seconds after getting this unit , I could play all the international dvd 's that I wanted.Oh , and the remote is just fine - no thrills but it does all the functions that you want and it 's not hard at all to use.Enjoy !
 Another terrific product from Phillips at a fair price . It plays everything that I throw at it . The remote is easy to use and setting up the player requires no degree of experience . The only down side that I 've experienced so far is that the player turns itself off after it 's been in the pause mode for several minutes . That is annoying . I pause my movies/episodes often and after the player shuts itself down I end up needing to fast forward to the part that I paused the movie or worse , select the file and then fast forward to the scene . Again , very annoying . So , other than that I am very pleased with the playback quality , the versatility of the formats that it plays and the super basic remote control .
 The company delivered ahead of schedule . Easy to hook-up , and a breeze to use . So far the dvd player has played both our US dvds and European dvds without any problems ! I would definitely use this company again !
 Not a bad player for the price . Just that I have to press the eject button 2-3x to get it to open and stop searching for a cd that is not in there when i first switch it on . Other than the initial slowness it is great . Nice slick , light weight design and the best part is that it can play foreign formats , some old vcd 's i had too which i was impressed by .
 This unit is so slim and light it almost disappears . A light push on the standby button can send the unit back and inch or two or across the room if you wish . It works just fine . No complaints . A heck of a good price . But if you plan on using the component video output for your LCD -LRB- or other -RRB- TV to obtain the best picture be aware the cable is not included and costs about as much as the player .
 Well , no one was really exaggerating about the slowness of the player . Like , I do n't care that there 's no eject button on the remote , but I do n't feel like sitting for any extended period of time on the damn floor in front of my TV while I wait for a disc to come out . That 's just bad manners on the player 's part to keep me waiting like that . I tried the region-free code on here and it worked , but I 've not actually used any non-region 1 discs yet . It plays quite a bit of stuff , but nothing wider than 720 pixels . And no MKVs , OGMs , or other similar files . Still , that leaves you with a ton of stuff it still plays . And even though the load times are n't fantastic , it 's not a bad player at all . Once you consider how much it costs on here for all the features that you get , it 's very much worth it . I only gave it four stars because I happen to LIKE watching MKVs and OGMs , so I 'm a little bummed there .
 Initially I was going to purchase the more expensive Philips model with `` multiregion '' phrase in its title but after reading Mr Emet 's review I decided to get this . When I received it , I was a bit scared because the box clearly said `` Region 1 only '' ! But after following Mr Emet 's instructions , I was able to set it up and play my beloved European DVDs in less than 5 minutes . This is really a great value -LRB- $ 39 ??!! Still ca n't believe it -RRB- and looks really great in my ultrachic minimalist apartment :-RRB- Very nice slick design . The picture and sound quality is very good too ... and it played my home made DVD-Rs that did not play in my old -LRB- and more expensive -RRB- DVD player perfectly . If you are looking for a multiregion DVD player , this is the best value - do n't miss it . I want to thank Mr Emet for his helpful instructions . Without them , there was no way I could do the PAL setup so quickly . . As far as I can tell , the magical code 138931 is not mentioned in the manual .
 Bought this to play my English DVD 's , programmed it as described by previous reviewer and hey presto it works . Regarding some of the mardy bums out in review land ... It costs $ 40 what are you expecting ?
 As advertized the unit plays all the movies in various formats that I had at home -LRB- all of these formats were listed in product info -RRB- . What is more important for me , it also plays ALL European movies -LRB- in various formats -RRB- which used to give me the usual `` wrong region '' message . The latter works only if you use the hack suggested by one of first reviewers . So remember to print that review and keep it with your manual .
 We purchased this DVD player to watch DivX/XVid videos . So far its played everything we 've tried with excellent quality . The zoom feature is very cool -LRB- our last 2 DVD players did not have it -RRB- . Very basic features but you ca n't go wrong for the price !
 I am so electronically challenged that I scare myself . This DVD player is so very easy to use .
 This product is very good and I am happy with my purchase . The delivery was like WOW . It was really fast .
 I took the advise and was very happy I did . I was just about to exchange my dvp5140 for the `` region free '' version , when I stumbled on said review . Consequently , I saved lots of time and money . So far , it seems to be working great , although I share another reviewers trepidation about Phillips products .
 My original order was of the wrong type of DVD Player . I returned the original order with the Online paperwork provided for by Amazon and reordered the present DVD Player , -LRB- a multi-regional player -RRB- . The machine I received was exactly what I wanted . It arrived quickly and performs well . Iam pleased with the merchandise and with the price I paid for said DVD Player . As usual I am quite pleased with the support I gotfrom Amazon and I intend to use your services in the future .
 Only 2 things missing from this DVD player . I 'm shocked that they are missing , and I did n't know they would be so sorely missed
 I ordered this dvd player as I , being a big Kylie Minogue fan , had acquired some of her imported dvd 's from Austrailia and the UK that I was unable to watch due to region coding . I ordered this dvd player based on all of the positive reviews I had read . When I got the machine , I followed the instructions a reviewer had posted in an earlier review to set the region coding to `` 0 '' , and it works ! This player plays all of my European and Australian dvd 's flawlessly ! It does take a little longer than most dvd players to boot up once a disc is inserted , but being able to watch ALL of my movies makes it well worth it . I highly reccomend this product for those of you who want to be able to watch your imported dvds without any problems at all .
 We bought this a few months ago to have a region-free DVD player -LRB- my husband is American but I 'm from England a have more DVDs than he does -RRB- . We followed the instructions from another comment and set it to Region ' 0 ' so it will play DVDs from any country and so far it works great . The remote is really nice and easy to use and the player looks really nice and is very thin -LRB- about 1 and a half inches high -RRB- . There are only 2 things negative to say :1 . The tray does n't open quickly - You have to push the power button first , and then ` open ' , and even then you have to wait until it realizes there is nothing in there or you have to push it again and THEN it opens . Stupid .2 . Sometimes the remote is n't recognized so you have to keep pushing the button -LRB- gently obviously -RRB- . We have it about 10ft from the DVD player but I would n't have though that would matter . Anyway , it can be annoying.Overall , it 's great to be able to play R1 and R2 DVDs and the quality is perfect and the player looks really nice . It 's simple to use and I would definitely recommend it . We 're thinking of buying another one for the future when this one finally packs in .
 This was a replacement for another DVD player and it works great . Nothing fancy but does everything I need . Great picture quality .
 This inexpensive DVD player was a breeze to connect even with my limited technology skills . The Philip 's small and attractive design blends well with other components and works great . It does n't have all the bells and whistles of high end models but for what it is -- it 's great .
 I was looking for a low-priced DVD Player that would play all regions . I was a little nervous as to the performance and final look of the product , as is always the case when purchasing on Amazon , but I am EXTREMELY pleased , especially considering the very affordable price . The code to unlock regions worked first time . Great purchase - very pleased with whole transaction .
 Product plays videos that have been converted in to the DIVX format using the DIVX converter . Works great ! Useful if you have mpeg or avi videos you would like to play on a television .
 I 'm very glad then I bougth this product , it work for , I need very good.So far so good.I use both system dvd disc both play good , why we need spent to much if this is good . thank you Joe !!!
 This is a good player and the only concern i have is that you must be pointing directly at the player for the remote to work . I am using this for my media room and sometimes you do not hit the spot and have to try it again . I like that it has component and coaxial connectors for my projector and amplifier .
 First off I have to say I was very sceptical about this product I ' v had alot of dvd player 's and this one just play 's all of them without any problem . Everything I ' v thrown at it has played like a pearl , a few things I would have liked to see on the next one though is a Didital fiber optical outlet and a USB input with some sort of venting for better air flow . All in all this player is great ca n't beat it for that price .
 We bought this to replace our old machine which is only one year old but when the controller got crunched it became useless . This cost less than a new controller and works great .
 Philips DVP5140 Multiformat DVD Player with DivX , MP3 , Windows Media SupportI needed an updated DVD player , and had also become interested in TV Boxsets that were only sold as Region 2 -LRB- Europe -RRB- . After reading the reviews , I thought $ 46.95 was worth taking the chance on this DVD Player . I ca n't say enough about it . Very easy to change the Region Code to 0 to play all your DVDs . Many also complained about the remote , and I agree that distance can be a slight problem , but it 's very easy to use and not at all the inconvenience many described it as . It shipped quickly , and only took 5 minutes to unpack this player and connect it to my 37 '' LCD -LRB- used component cables -RRB- . I received my DVDs from Amazon UK on the same day this player arrived and I 'm completely happy . Not a lot of bells and whistles but a great picture and sound . You ca n't go wrong with this gem!UPDATE
 Works as stated in the other reviews . The remote is cheap and the lack of ffwd is inconvenient , but I knew this upfront . Very pleased I can play my dvd 's from the UK .
 Bought this to play my DVD ` s brought back from Europe . . which it does with no problems . Also plays CD ` s with excellent sound reproduction through my TV . easy to set up and operate . remote feels cheap . . because it is !! There is no HDMI socket to connect using a HDMI cable . . please make sure you do not order the HDMI cable as i did becuase you will have to return it . Overall very basic but `` does what it says on the tin '' at a very loow price . Only 4 stars because no HDMI input/output
 There are so many things we like to watch that are only available in PAL format . Now that we have this DVD player , we can watch whatever we want . We would not have known how to make it multi-region without the helpful instructions of another Amazon reviewer , though , so I ca n't give the product five stars ... have to dock it one star for murky instructions . There is nothing fancy about this product , but who cares ? It works , and the price is good .
 I originally bought this item for my son to view DivX titles . It worked so well I purchased another for my Father in Law . Highly recommend .
 Great player if you need to watch foreign films . Only neg is that there is no FF or Rew and of course no slow mo. . But I knew this when reading the other reviews . Followed the directions to set it for all zones and it was a breeze .
 On the plus side , this unit will play -LSB- almost -RSB- anything you ask it to . On the minus side , it lacks a lot of functionality that might come with a more expensive machine . Most frustrating - it goes to standby after 10-15 minutes of being paused and does n't hold memory of where you stopped watching so you have to find where you left off manually . Also , upon power-up it insists on loading the disk in the drive before it will allow you to open the tray to replace it with another one , leading to silly delays.It might be a little rinky-dink , but for the price it is acceptable .
 I purchased this dvd player as an emergency replacement , and so far have not regretted it ! It was easy to set up , and is easy to use . I had it playing my region 2 disks in a matter of moments . The drawer is a little slow in opening , but that alone is no reason to send it back . Just wait the 30 seconds and it 'll open!My only complaint was in the shipping . I ordered it from Target through Amazon -LRB- as they had the better price -RRB- . I received it ahead of schedule , but was dismayed when I saw the packaging . Or should I say lack of packaging ? All they did was slap the shipping information on the dvd box itself and sent it along it 's way . I would have preferred it to arrive within another box , masking what the product was . They way it was shipped just screams `` Steal Me ! `` But , as that 's my only complaint , and not necessarily Amazon 's fault , I give it four stars !
 I bought this multiformat DVD player as a gift for my husband since our DVD player recently died . He loved that it was so easy to set up and it also plays audio CDs and MP3s . Great value !
 I did n't think it would work for me , but it does and now I can watch DVDs encoded to any region . I like to watch movies dubbed in foreign languages , so this is awesome ! Thank you !
 Someone posted earlier that this wo n't play dvd-r , which is n't true.Specs : # Manufacturer
 I have never had any problems with this DVD player . I have loved it , and gotten a great deal of use out of it over the years . However , it is essentially useless without a working remote control . Replacement remotes seem to cost in the range of $ 16-25 shipped , and I 've unsuccessfully scoured the internet for an effective code for a universal remote . If anyone has successfully programmed a universal remote control for use with the Philips DVP5140 DVD player , please tell me how .
 Philips DVP5140 Multiformat DVD Player with DivX , MP3 , Windows Media Supportgreat product and a great price
 So far this works well , playing my avi files as well as kvcd 's , svcd 's and vcd 's . Not sure about the longevity of the item , as I 've only had it a few weeks .
 Excellent , quick and reliable service . Everything as described and brand new ! Opens all kinds of regions and codes , PAL and NTSC , professional and self-made discs . Good quality despite very cheap price .
 I wanted this player for it 's DivX support . It works great and set up was easy .
 I bought this DVD because my PC 's DVD-ROM did not play some DVDs that were really VCDs . I bought it from Amazon 's store . It seems fine but the first few DVD-Rs I tried played as CDs . I will try more DVD-Rs . I 'm also confused because Philips site saya it plays but the user manual does not mention DVD-Rs . Can anyone share their knowledge ?
 It 's nice DVD player with DIVX coding , and all the featuers in this model are mazy .
 If you buy it at say . . Circuit City :--RRB- . This machine is a definite improvement over DVP642 . The biggest '' - '' is missing S-Video out.This is not Oppo 971 , obviously . But it plays almost anything . And what did you expect ? There is no `` perfect '' player . At least not in $ 50-60 price range and even 2x of it .
 I noticed many people were disappointed in the sound quality on the iTrip Universal . It may or may not have to do with the settings - how it comes set , or how people have tried to set it and were unable to find a way to get it to universal mode . Sometimes it appears that you ca n't transmit in the best frequency of 87.9 , but after reading through many of the reviews -LRB- which is one of the reasons I love Amazon ! -RRB- I found that in order to change the transmitter to international mode with the frequency 87.9 , etc. . . all you have to do is hold the preset button for 10 - 15 seconds , and the US will start flashing . After it starts flashing , hit the plus or minus to change to international mode , and adjust to 87.9 . That 's it - you now have the ability to adjust your transmitter to the frequency needed for the best sound quality.Hope that helps someone out there , and thanks again to all the reviewers who added their expertise !
 This is a well made product that does what it says it will . I bought this to listen to audio books in my work truck . It works great and for this price is -LRB- $ 3 -RRB- is an awesome deal . It wo n't equal the quality of in stereo audio jack or ipod connection , so do n't expect that . This works better than a similar Monster brand I bought years ago -LRB- $ 60 -RRB- for my ipod before upgraded my car stereo . If you need this kind of product this is a great deal !!
 I bought this for my wife , who uses it almost every day . I received the fm transmitter in a timely manner . It fit into the car with no problems , and so far , it seems to work as intended . The price was right , so am satisfied with the shopping experience .
 So I bought it so I can use it with my htc evo . I work great for me . The only time it sound crappy is when I am by the sears tower . I alway have it plug in and on station 88.9
 Love this item , it works great . I recommended it to anyone that looking for an item like this .
 GOOD , 2 GIG MP3 PLAYER FOR THE MONEY , COMPACT , EASY TO USE . CA N'T DELETE SONGS OFF IT FROM WHAT I CAN TELL SO FAR , BUT ALL AND ALL A GOOD MP3 PLAYER .
 My daughter has this MP3 from Philips over 5 years , she has dropped it quite often , still plays and does all functions properly . I 've heard of some people that had iPods Nano that they do n't last too long , and they are very expensive . Her Philips is still going like it 's new .
 We have had this TV for about 2 weeks now and are really enjoying it.After researching LCDs , it came down to this TV or the Sony Bravia 40 '' . Most of the reviews gave this TV the edge so , after going to see the picture and the TV , we decided on this one . The picture quality is amazing . When watching baseball or football the detail is like looking through a window . The picture almost looks 3-D . We have n't watched any movies yet . The sound is excellent , very clear.Until yesterday , I still wondered if the Sony might have been better . On a whim , I went into Costco to check out the price on the Sharp . They had the Sony Bravia 40 '' and this TV right next to each other . Both pictures were good but the Sharp was crisper and the edges more defined . Without a doubt this picture was better than the Sony.We also got the black frame -LRB- you can get it in silver or black -RRB- and it is quite sleek looking . It is `` piano '' black so it has a nice high gloss finish and very subtle.Did I mention that it is as easy to set up as a Mac ? `` Right out of the box . `` We love this TV .
 Briefly speaking , it 's the great TV . I did quite a lot of research before the purchase , and considered several other brands including Samsung , Sony , Philips , and Westinghouse , various sizes from 40 to 46 inches , and various resolution types including 1080p . My goal was to get reasonably priced high quality LCD TV from a reputable manufacturer , and I after about 3 weeks of using the set , I am happy with my choice.Sharp produces an outstanding picture from any source , but 1080i content looks particularly crisp and rich . There are plenty of various controls and settings to adjust the picture any way you want . To my surprise , Sharp has a setting that can automatically adjust the strength of the backlight according to the light in the room - very useful feature not only to save power consumption , but also avoid having to mess with the setting manually if you watch the TV in the very dark room or during the bright sunlight . I found that the TV slightly overdoes the backlight compensation by default , and luckily the level of compensation can be adjusted to fit the particular room settings . On the subject of adjusting the picture - Sharp is preset at the highest levels of brightness , backlight , sharpness and contrast , which is not the best combination of settings for your room . After spending 10 minutes with the sliders , you can bring the picture to a more comfortable viewing level . The settings you set are saved for each input , so you can have different settings for the DVD or cable , and also choose from several presets , including Game , Movie , Standard , etc.The only drawback of the TV is its average remote . Even though it can be set up to control other devices , buttons can not be programmed individually . The remote has a few useful dedicated buttons letting you quickly change the viewing modes , activate the backlight , etc. . From time to time pressing a channel number button sends the signal twice , for example pressing the button 7 switches TV to channel 77 . Even though it 's annoying , for me it does n't matter much since I use the universal remote control from the cable box.If you shop for a sub-1080p LCD TV , Sharp is the one to seriously consider .
 I have been looking for about 1 year at plasma and lcd tv 's . In the last 3 months I decided on the lcd format , mainly due to heat and energy data . It was a close tie between Sharp and Sony but a few things gave the sharp the edge . My wife is a musician and scientist , so I used her to determine color tone differences and she found the blacks a little better on the Sharp . We both liked the black finish on the Sharp over the dull silver Sony . The Sharp has a consumer replaceable lamp - not a big deal with 70-80 ,000 hour lamps but nice to know the whole unit is n't garbage because of a light . LCD and Plasma use built in lamps to provide the brightness on the screens , only Sharp makes them replaceable to my knowledge . It has every input/output you would need - Composite , HDMI , S-Video , Coax .
 This TV is great ! I really looked around and read a lot of reviews on LCD HDTV 's and this one was very highly rated . While I am not a techno wizard , I do love to watch TV . It was easy to set up and has a great look in my den . I highly recommend this product .
 This TV rocks . Great Eye Candy ! I got it at a fantastic price for viewing in my living room when company comes over . I love the picture quality . I also got a fantastic price on the TV I purchased . OFC , Amazon.com always rocks . I order more thru amazon than any other online store . I love the product reviews . They have the greatest influence on me before I buy any item online . If most ppl are happy , chances are I will be happy also . I decided on this TV after reading what others had to say and I can now concur . The sound and remote control for the TV are average but the TV itself and the picture are fantastic looking . I I purchased this sharp to replace my Samsung 61 '' DLP I purchased from circuit city many years ago before they went belly up . I had nothing but trouble with the DLP and it was costing me a fortune in trying to repair it . I finally said to hell with it and threw in the towel on the samsung . I will personally never buy another Samsung TV ever again , esp . their DLP 's units . My sharp LCD rocks and I do n't have to worry about replacing those lamps after a couple thousand lamp hours . The bulbs can cost between $ 100 - $ 250 dollars which can add up if you play these TV 's a lot . I had a different problem with my Samsung tho and was looking at a 700-800 dollar repair bill . No thanks Samsung >> >> I just purchased myself a better product called Sharp . I can tell this is a lot better quality TV and will last me many years w/o any trouble . You will not be disappointed if you go with this TV . It has a ton of stuff in the back that you can connect but I mainly use my TV for cable TV viewing . I am a simple guy . I just wanted a good , durable TV that is going to last me for awhile and I found it in the Sharp . Both Sharp and Sony make excellent TV 's .
 I OWNED THIS TV FOR OVER 2 YEARS NOW ... PICTURE WAS GREAT WITH JUST REGULAR DVD PLAYER NOTHING IMPRESSIVE . HOWEVER , AFTER I HOOK UP MY PS3 WITH HDMI CABLE WAS BLOWN AWAY HOW AMAZING THIS TV REALLY IS . NOW I WATCH BLU-RAY AND PLAY MY PS3 GAMES REGULARLY . I WANT TO KICK MYSELF IN THE BUTT FOR NOT USING HDMI IN THE PAST 2 YEARS ... . ANYWAY ... I 'M A HAPPY MAN NOW ... I DO N'T THINK ABOUT UPGRADE MY TV ANYTIME SOON ... SHARP MAKE GREAT TV FOR VERY LITTLE PRICE .
 We 've owned the Sharp LC40D40U for going on three years now and have been happy every day since purchase that we bought it . I 'd been hesitant to pull the trigger on a big flat screen and we found this one for an unbelievable deal out of box at a CC store . With an active shelf life of 80,000 hours , buying a floor model was only a slight concern and 3 years later we have n't been proven wrong on that front.We run an Xbox 360 through component , an upscaling DVD -LRB- Phillips DVP5960/37 -RRB- , analog cable , and over the air HD through an amplified RCA antenna . The 1080i HD programming over the air is astounding , and the availability has only increased as the DTV transition nears . The upscaling 1080i from the DVD player is amazing too and has reinvigorated our DVD collection and renting habits . The most surprising thing about this TV is its ability to comb out imperfections in a 480i analog signal . When we first plugged it in and connected all our devices and cable it automatically set up and memorized our cable service . We thought sure that the analog cable would look like dog crap on such a large screen , but it actually looked near perfect -LRB- no artifacting , no weird jaggies , no dots or dot crawl -RRB- . Sharp has been manufacturing large scale LCD televisions longer than any other manufacturer and it shows in their product . We would n't hesitate to buy this again , even at a higher price than what we paid.Pros - Excellent comb filtering and in-TV upscaling of 480i , fantastic 1080i picture , box design actually looks better to us than a lot of the ones newly availableCons - HDMI inputs are at top of TV -LRB- about 2 ' longer away from bottom -RRB- , changing channels is * slow * -LRB- but this is a side effect of the pro of having AMAZING post signal processing in the TV -RRB- , remote is a little iffy , but I use a Harmony and so that 's not an issueAll in all , pull the trigger if you 're even looking at this one . Our next will be a Sharp without a doubt . We could n't be happier and have been for nearly three years .
 Overall very Good , very sharp picture even when connected to analog equipment.However for the price it 's missing a DVI Input and D Sub connectors .
 I shopped hard last November to find the best value in a large LCD TV . The 45 ' Sharp LCD 730P TV won hands down . Three months later I still have not found a better value.Amazon shipped it quickly and safely . No complaints ... a great TV
 I was thinking of purchasing this TV , but realized that there are n't any DVI or D-Sub inputs .
 Bought this direct box to use in church for plugging in acoustic guitars directly into the house PA ; so far it 's worked great ! It 's smaller than some other DIs I 've seen , with the flexibility of two inputs , three-setting attenuator and ground lift switch . It 's also very reasonably priced at Amazon .
 Bought a pair of these for a small , vintage rig for the bedroom . I was n't expecting much , considering I had only paid 32.00 and change for them , on sale . I have them hooked up to a 1974 Pioneer SX-300 7WPC receiver . Sources are a vintage Akai GX F35 cassette , circa 1981 and a Yamaha DV C6761 Universal Disc Changer . I 'm using 12AWG Belden speaker cable and Belden interconnects throughout on the source components.Gotta say these little speakers pack some punch for their size . They 're rather lightweight in construction , but they are constructed well . For such a small enclosure I was immediately impressed with how much bass they produce . These are a ported , 3 way design . I was also pleased to see they used 5 way binding posts and not the cheap spring clips which is what I had expected . My only complaint , and I 'm reaching here is that they are not mirrored in design . Both speakers are identical . They still image really well though and for 32.00 bucks and change I really ca n't complain . Great little speakers at this price point that I can highly recommend for applications such as this.As far as an outdoor patio speaker , I 'm sure these would work just fine under an awning outside . The front grill is powder coated which should resist corrosion and the drivers look to be well sealed . They 'd probably hold up fairly well to the elements , but obviously better to keep them protected as much as possible for use outdoors . In my opinion , these little TICs are a winner .
 Great little speakers . Easy install . Mounted mine under the eves of my shed . The sound will carry over 300 ft and still sounds clear . If you stand right under them they sound a little tinny , but other than that an excellent addition to any back yard
 Have very good quality for the price . Designed to be used outside and are sealed pretty good to keep the elements out especially in winter weather in upstate NY .
 Great if you have a limited number of drive bays . I found the 4x DVD drive to be a little slow , and there were occasional pauses during playback of The Matrix . The writing capabilities of this drive are amazing ! I upgraded from a 2x CDRW drive and I 'll say that this one blows the pants off of it . But for $ 299 , you can probably find a faster DVD drive and an equivalent CDRW drive for about the same price .
 If you 've been waiting for CDs to be replaced by DVDs , and are starting to become a bit impatient ` cos it does n't seem to be happening , this unit maybe just what you 'll need right now during this painfully slow transition period.CD writing ability of this drive is generally fairly good , although I did find that there was one particular major brand of CD-R which caused the drive to almost hang up , and was unable to make any sort of successful recordings on it . Otherwise , the qualities of the recordings were very consistent . However , older drives might have problems in reading CDs created by this drive . One other problem detected was the inconsistencies between the size of files to be recorded -LRB- as reported by the bundled software -RRB- and the actual size of the recordings made , which means quite often you 'll find that you 're unable to pack in all the files you originally planned.DVD reading is adequate and satisfactory . As usual , the quality DVD video playback will be greatly enhanced if accompanied by a decent graphics card and/or hardware decoder . The speed of the drive should be sufficient for any DVD videos , and if there are any pauses during playback -LRB- which there were n't many at all -RRB- , it is probably due to the quality of the laser pickup.To summarise , there is nothing exciting or outstanding about this unit , but its major selling point is that it is extremely good-value for what it does , and also saves a lot of space . Be warned that the unit does heat up quite a bit while it is on -LRB- even when it 's not actually recording ! -RRB- , although I do n't think that should cause any problems . And like most multi-function-in-one devices , do n't expect it will last very long .
 If your computer beats the minimum system requirenments , you will have no problems with your DVD . The write and rewrite options work good , no bad cd 's so far . For the current price , you can pretty much get the same value . This drive is optimal if you have limited bays , or just do n't want to buy seperate drives . Over all , this is a good value . Works fine with the right pc . Even though , I do n't suggest buying this just for watching movies or just for making cd 's .
 This has just made it through the one month infant mortality period and is still working fine . It is quiet . It is fast . It 's a good price for what it offers . I 'm very happy that I purchased this .
 Yes , I 've had a Maxtor Drive die on me . But here 's the suprise ! I called Maxtor to make good with their year warranty , and they not only quickly arranged for a replacement , but also payed to have my defective drive EXPRESS shipped back to their factories . Unreal ! I 've never had a company so eager to please it 's costomers !
 My BIOS detected a fault in my drive -LRB- an earlier version of this model -RRB- after about eighteen months of service ; the unit then failed Maxtor 's diagnostics . Maxtor warrants their drives for three years , so ... You can obtain an RMA online -LRB- you supply the diagnostic codes but you do n't need your purchase receipt -RRB- and they ship a replacement out right away if you give them a credit card number -LRB- or you can send yours back first and wait -RRB- . When the new drive arrives , use the box to return the old one . Nothing could be slicker !
 I purchased this drive in May , 2002 . The price of under one hundred dollars was great for the speed . I convinced a friend to get a 7200 rpm drive instead of a 5400 rpm drive ; the difference is stunning . I run linux and setup was easy . The BIOS recognized it and everything . I 'd definitely recommend .
 The Maxtor DiamondMaxx 40 Gigabyte hard-drive is , quite simply , one of the best hard-drives I have ever seen in my life . While I 've seen faster and better drives , none are as affordable dollar-for-gigabyte , and all have some inherent flaw -LRB- s -RRB- which make them unsuitable for data backup and recovery . The DiamondMaxx is a very stable hard-drive , able to survive all kinds of temperature extremes -LRB- though it is not recommended that you test this theory -RRB- . I have purchased them for many different clients , and all agree that this drive is the workhorse of their companies . I , myself , am using one of these drives in the computer I am writing this review from.Bottom line
 What else could you ask for ... Throw it into a system , and bammo ... extra space .
 I present have a Maxtor 20GB HDD and a Seagate 20GB as well in one system . I dual boot WinMe and Win2kServer . The drives I have spin at 5400RPM which is pretty fast . But the Seagate is noticeably faster and is much quieter . All the Maxtor I have had are very noisy.I have tested this drive as well and it is considerably faster at 7200RPM 's but it is still pretty noisy . When running program like Defrag or Diskeeper , the process is much faster because of the faster read/write speed of the drive . This is much needed especially for those who do n't defrag regularly .40 GIG should give you more space then u 'll need fpr a while . Now i 'll have space for full CD 's for burning later.If you need more space this is it . Plenty of space to run multiple OS 's . Plenty of room for those space hogging games like Descent.Get while they last !
 I think that Maxtor is top of the line ! If U are going to get a new Hard Drive this is the one ! It 's pretty cheap and has all the features that newer sytems support . I have a ABIT BP6 and it will work great !
 Here is the deal -- Maxtor drives are ... -LRB- drum roll -RRB- ... pretty good . I would say they are a mid-market product . The price is pretty decent , the technology is there , and the drive sizes are there.You could drop a small house payment on a high end array of hard-drives ... but to be honest , I have never had a problem with a Maxtor.Are they louder ... I do n't know I really do n't set up on the decible meter.How do they benchmark ? Who knows -- benchmarking is the digital equivalent of horse handicapping . Generally it is right on the money , but who ever is doing the benchmarking can skew the results the way they want . And every once in the while that long-shot old mare comes in at 50 to 1 and all the other horses forgot to take their steroids that day.Did you ever notice a company that puts up a benchmark where their product is n't number one ? Hmmm ... Did a magazine ever put a product benchmark where the top five did n't have an advertisement in the magazine ? Am I cynical , yes ... but you get my point.Now the big one . Do they break or are prone to errors . No more than any other drive that I used be it low-end or high-end or just right.Isn ' t that why they tell you to backup everything anyway ? Or is it like that tag on the mattress -- people just get a thrill by living dangerously and ripping it off ?
 I have bought many Hard Drives this past year , and let me tell you Maxtor is one of the best . This hard drive , is one of the fastest you will find without going towards those expensive SCSI drives . The capacity is the biggest I have seen for less than $ 300 , plus the fact that this Hard Drive comes from a great company . In my opinion Maxtor is the BEST Hard drive manufacturer . The only draw back is that the size of the hard drive makes it hard to maintain without splitting the drive into at least 2-3 partitions . It takes about 10 hours for this hard drive to be defragmented -LRB- optimize -RRB- when it is 90 % full . Of course , this is always the issue when buying a huge hard drive . This is the best Hard Drive yet , both quality and price .
 The Maxtor DiamondMaxx 40 Gigabyte hard-drive is , quite simply , one of the best hard-drives I have ever seen in my life . While I 've seen faster and better drives , none are as affordable dollar-for-gigabyte , and all have some inherent flaw -LRB- s -RRB- which make them unsuitable for data backup and recovery . The DiamondMaxx is a very stable hard-drive , able to survive all kinds of temperature extremes -LRB- though it is not recommended that you test this theory -RRB- . I have purchased them for many different clients , and all agree that this drive is the workhorse of their companies . I , myself , am using one of these drives in the computer I am writing this review from.Bottom line
 I 've talked to a number of people about Maxtor drives , and quite a few have told me to avoid them like the plague . I furrow my brow questioningly at these people because my experience has been quite the contrary.Over the years I have purchased and installed several Maxtor hard drives and have had few problems with them . I have an old Pentium 166 at home that has a Maxtor drive in it , and it 's been running solid now for several years . I 've only purchased one Maxtor drive that gave me trouble , and it was a bare drive I purchased at a computer show from a less-than-reputable vendor because of the low price . When I discovered that the drive was bad , Maxtor held up its end of the bargain quite nicely . I phoned them about the bad drive , they told me to ship it to them and that they 'd ship a new drive to me simultaneously . They took my credit card number in case I tried to stiff them but did not charge the card . I got my new drive in a couple of days and it worked great . In fact , I still have it.For novice upgraders , the MaxBlast software makes it a snap to format the drive . Essentially , all you have to do is plug the drive in , insert the MaxBlast disk and then install whatever software you want on the drive after its formatted.If you need information on any of their drives , it 's easily accessible on their Web site , along with any software you may need . For example , if you purchase an OEM bare drive , you can download the MaxBlast software from their Web site.In spite of all the bad reviews Maxtor seems to get , I have to say that I like their drives . They work fine for me . And when you look at Maxtor from a bang-for-your-buck standpoint , I think they stand above the rest of the hard drive crowd because you can get more storage for your money and , depending on the drive , more performance too.I give Maxtor my stamp of approval .
 I recently purchased this drive . It seems it has brought new life to my 333MHz machine so much so that I will be able to use this for quite a bit longer than I thought . In conjunction with a memory upgrade -LRB- 96MB to 128MB -RRB- and upgrade to Windows/ME it has essentially more that `` doubled '' the speed and capacity of my old machine which was becoming a bit of a clunker.The drive looks identical in size and configuration to the previous two Maxtor drives I have purchased so the compatibility makes for a simple and easy install . Maybe one day they will develop a `` smart jumper '' for the master/slave decision and configuration but this is a small price and easy step to install the drive . I installed it as a slave to do a format and copy , then as a master . A Windows install from the CD completed the migration and I was back in business in no time.I am not real fond of the Maxblast software but for some this is probably a necessity . I had to upgrade my BIOS which took a bit of research and time but once done made the install a straighforward process.The 7200 RPM drive is a considerable improvement over the older 5400 RPM drives and I believe the access time of around 9ms is pretty good for drives using the EIDE technology . The drive is quieter too . The upgrade from 4.3 MB to 40MB is huge . I thought I would never fill the older one , but did . Of course I am saying the same thing about the 40MB but with the need to save more images and perhaps even motion and sound clips I suspect I will eventually need more in the future . The cost of this unit make upgrades downright affordable as well as easy . My other two Maxtor drives performed flawlessly so I am expect the same quality for this one.I rate Maxtor -LRB- for compatibility and quality from my old drives -RRB- and this drive tops -LRB- for cost and performance -RRB- ; 5 well-deserved stars .
 Like some of the other reviewers , I have owned a number of drives by a number of manufacturers . Maxtor is the only brand I have NEVER had crash on me . That 's not to say that the other brands are not good , but I have been unable to beat Maxtor 's quality/price ratio with any other drive . ALL hard drives will crash eventually , and when one does , the loss is usually so great as to turn one away from that manufacturer altogether , which is probably not totally fair , but understandable . Benchmarks are , for the most part , meaningless because only some benchmarking software is going to be able to really tell the difference in a few thousandths of a second of access time . I mean really , is it worth spending an extra $ 100 just so your database file loads two seconds faster ? Unless you 're blessed to have money to burn , I 'd doubt it . The main features to look for are stability -LRB- resistance to crashing -RRB- , capacity and general , practical performance . I use only Maxtor drives because for me , I get the best of all these for the best price . Since , as I said ALL drives crash eventually , I do make sure I keep valuable data backed up just in case , and since I do n't use pirated software , I have all my original disks . It 's a hassle to reinstall everything , but it 's better than not being able to . In all my years , Maxtor has been the least crash-prone drive I know of , and that 's why I recommend them highly . Besides , they have a 3-year warranty -LRB- like most others -RRB- , so if one should crash , they 'll replace it promptly -LRB- I assume -RRB- . If you 'd like more detailed information , check out Maxtor 's website . Lot 's of eye-opening information can be found there , some of which is not mentioned here or on the product box . Believe me , it 's worth it to take a look
 All I can say is this
 At first , I was a little bit hesitate of purchasing a new hard drivebecause this was my first time installing a new component into mycomputer . -LRB- I end up having my brilliant cousin install it for me anyway -RRB- . When I receive the box , it said installing it was simple as 1 , 2 , 3 and it was easy as 1 , 2 , 3 . It was smooth sailing from start to finish . It did not take any longer than 10 minuets . I 'm not here to persuade everyone to buy this product like other reviewers . However if you are hesitating of which one and want to get a large drive , go ahead and get this one .
 I have a Maxtor 2.5 GB - 8.4 GB hard drive as well as this one and the 2 older ones have never needed to be sent in for repairs . I 've had the 2.5 for a little over 3 yrs now and the 8.4 for just under 2 years . Compared to the 10GB Western Digital I have which needed repairs only 2 months after I bought it , I think Maxtor 's reliability holds up pretty well . Of course , not every drive can be perfect off the line , but I think for the most part the majority of people who use Maxtor will be satisfied with their investment .
 Now I sound like a commercial . But it is true . I have five computers in my home office , with a variety of hard drives . Over the past few years I have had 2 drives fail on me . Both contained crucial data that was lost and Both were made by Western Digital . It makes me wonder how Western Digital can sell their products at such ludicrous prices . I replaced one drive with a Maxtor , and the other with a Quantum Fireball , which is now Maxtor Fireball -LRB- Quantum sold out of the hard drive market -RRB- . Total , I have 2 Maxtor drives -LRB- a small 6 gig in my internet server -RRB- that have been put through the paces -LRB- formatting , installing OS -RRB- and both run constantly . I have yet to experience any problems with them and will be purchasing a 100 gig drive for my file server . In summation : No , I will not purchase another Western Digital . Yes , I look forward to yet another reliable `` workhorse '' from Maxtor . They make products that increase my uptime and decrease data loss .
 I worked in PC Support for three years , and I still work on my own computers . I 've installed/replaced a lot of drives . I think that the older your system , the greater is the chance that you 'll have a problem installing this , or any other large drive . I installed this 40GB Maxtor drive in about 30 minutes , in a 4 year-old Dell 450 PII , running Windows 2000 Pro . That included going to Dell and downloading a BIOS upgrade and installing it . I recommend your having the most current BIOS version you can find for your PC , before you try to install your drive . As you can see - if you read all 40 or so reviews here - there are many variables in drive installation that can cause you to have a bad experience . Better to pay someone a few bucks to have it done , than to beat yourself -LRB- and Maxtor or whomever -RRB- up with it.As for the drive itself , it works great . It 's pretty quiet - quieter than the 5400 rpm 8.5 GB Maxtor that is OEM for the PC . It 's faster than the PC 's motherboard . The data transfer rate is stated on the box as 133MB/sec , though Amazon specs it as 66MB . Durable ? We 'll see ... . I work with on the order of 500 workstations/servers in my organization , and we rarely have a hard drive crash , regardless of brand . Just assume that they all will crash -LRB- eventually they will -RRB- , and back up your data . I 'm happy that I bought this drive . Seems like a good value to me .
 After two * BRAND NEW FROM THE FACTORY * Western Digital hard drives failed on me within a year of buying them , I decided to try a Maxtor instead . My 40gb drive has worked flawlessly since the day I installed it . It works just as fast and quiet as the Western Digital . The included software and ATA100 compatible cables included are a definite plus . Unfortunately the warranty the drive comes with is n't as good as the one Western Digital provides , but if the way things are going is a sign of things to come , I probably wo n't have to use the warranty anyway .
 I bought this drive for my G3 Macintosh . Had it installed , initialized and had everything transfered from the original 4 GB drive in about 45 minutes . -LRB- Why Maxtor says you need a Windows clone is beyond me ; the drive works perfectly with the Apple driver and does n't have the limititation some early Windows versions have for paritiion sizes -RRB- . The drive is quiet and fast . Everything I expected and more
 When I bought my computer three years ago , I got a 10 GB hard drive and thought that would be enough for a long time . Man , was I WRONG ! After loading software after software , I discovered I was almost maxed out on my hard drive and I needed more ! I began checking different makers and their hard drives . It seemed that every time I ran across an article about the Maxtor , the reviewer gave a glowing endorsement of this drive . So , I decided to try it . I got the drive in and began reading the manual . Simple to follow , answered all my questions . The diagrams and pictures were very helpful . It took me about 30 minutes to complete the installation and software installation . Now I have a computer with TOO MUCH hard drive ! But , I can live with that !! Now , if only someone can produce an automobile this easy to use and maintain !
 I have had this exact drive for about a year now . ZERO problemsI am always adding deleting reformating everything . I have totally beat on this drive more than any computer user . It is almost like i tried to destroy it any way i could but there really is not destroying this drive . When i first got it i even dropped it on a marble floor . -LRB- but i do n't recommend this if you can help it -RRB- Did n't hurt it a bit . Maxtor is one company that has made a name for themselves by making dependable drives and they back it up with the product.As a added bonus the installation instructions were simnple and easy to understand for a computer geek or novice . That is something that is very unusual for any computer product .
 I always thought RAM was what you added to give performance boost to older computer equipment . I bought the hard drive for more storage space , but when I put it in my Pentium-II 400 I was simpply blown away by the performance difference . MUCH more notable than when I boosted the RAM from 128M to 384M . I do n't know what 's going on `` under the hood '' or if any other drive would make a similar difference . I bought a 2nd drive about a year ago -LRB- this time I was replacing my primary drive -RRB- and did NOT notice a difference , so who knows ...
 WOW ... I could n't ask for more room on my hard drive . It is fast , and it has a lot of room . The installation was kind of difficult to understand . . just READ the instructions carefully and you should have no problem .
 I was n't sure whether or not to get a Maxtor drive , partially because I only have experience with Western Digital . Well , Maxtor ranks right up there with Seagate and Western Digital . it 's a fast , large drive and the price is right ! I 'd recommend it to anyone !
 Right now if u buy the 40GB maxtor drive u might be in luck ! Maybe because of a promo , the drives are now all 45GB and go at ATA100 !! that 's 5 more GB at ata100 for the same price ! I tried to install the hd onto my 2 year old computer but I guess my computer was too old . . but hey time to get a new computer ! this HD rocks !!
 I installed this in addition to the existing 10GB drive on my 3 year old computer . It would not work using my computer 's original ribbon cable , but when I used the cable that came with the new drive everything was fine . All and all , I am very happy with it . And now I have 50GB instead of 10 , which is great .
 The price is right . You ca n't beat the price for this much storage . It installed with no problems and has been running great for several months now .
 Do you think you wo n't need this much space ? You will if you store mpeg sound files , video clips and graphics . You may find that you are collecting these things before too long.This drive will make an average computer into a serious entertainment system.I like Maxtor , I 've never had one fail in 15 years working in the computer industry . I rate them in the top 2 or 3 of drive manufacturers.Why only 4 stars ? It is not a must have product . I still LIKE IT and would buy another one .
 I bought this drive since I know maxtor is a great name in storage devices . It 's my secondary drive on my computer , my original is a 5400 rpm 20 GB . Although I have n't filled up the first drive , I needed something a with a little faster access time to pull digital videos off my video camera via firewire . This drive does the trick.The only reason I gave it four stars is the Max Blast software for partitioning the drive it a little confusing . This drive is set up as my slave , and when I went to partition it with Max Blast , it labeled it in the software as drive C : . C
 This is the best deal I could find on a 40 gig drive , I have had little or no problem with the drive except it goes into idle mode in less than 10 minutes . But as far as over all value goes this is the best deal I could find .
 Look anywhere on the internet and all pc editors and columnists will tell you that this is the best hd out there . They are all correct . This drive loads windows in half the time and with 40GB to spare there will be no more partial installation of software or games ever again!Stop thinking and buy !
 First , this MAXTOR drive itself is great . It 's quiet and fast , and I would expect most systems to be perceptibly faster with it - as far as the rest of the system components have the capacity to go faster . Even my 133MHz machine is a bit snappier . I have no reason to doubt the hardware itself.My points go to the hardware , not to the inexcusably poor - in my professional opinion - supporting materials . I struggled with the jumpers , the software , and the instructions for a week trying to transfer my boot drive onto my new drive and to get it to boot . In the end , I just installed Win98 cold from the CD . After that , the drive would boot . I 'm now rebuilding my entire system - transferring files myself and reinstalling software , patches , updates , etc. . Not quite what I had planned on.I found the instructions were artificially complex and confusing . An extra jumper needed for older systems was not provided . The software provided failed to format the partitions , copy files correctly , and to make the drive bootable . I also found the file copy setup window to have dangerous default settings that , if overlooked , could easily wipe your original system . -LRB- Specifically , the copy destination defaults to you original drives , NOT to the new empty disc . This is dangerous because the destination is FORMATTED before the files are transferred . -RRB- I advise caution and great attention to all the details when installing this drive . If you are not well versed on setting up a drive , especially a large drive on an older system , you should consider getting a pro to do it for you . And , as painful as they are , BACKUPS are in order .
 After living with a tiny 4.0 Gig drive for several years I saw this drive on special . I snatched it up and have not had a problem with drive space since.The drive installation is simple and fairly easy , but you do need to have some understanding of the guts of your computer . After plugging in the power and drive cables and closing up the case , within ten mintues I was back up and running with more space than I knew what to do with . Since I am using this on a Mac I can not comment on the included software.Speed wise , the drive blows away my old 4 gig . Faster access and startup is always a good thing for any computerIf you have a older computer , this is a great upgrade for it . Sure compared to newer drives the capacity is somewhat small . But most people really do n't need hundreds of Gigs for normal use .
 I know for any product , especially computer products , there are going to be bad reviews . Personally , I do n't see how getting one bad apple qualifies a person to advise STAYING FAR AWAY FROM A COMPANY . What I CAN say is that I purchased the Maxtor hard drive after being told it was better than Western Digital . I installed it on computer with no problems as a storage drive . Over a year or two later , after using it as storage , I replaced my old drive and now use it as my main drive . I had NO install problems , no support problems -LRB- and I asked my share of questions -RRB- , the documentation is good , and the software works great . After a year or two and after installing once then reformatting for use as a boot drive , it runs like a charm .
 I had the hard drive 30 MB go south on an old machine my daughter was using for High School work . Wanted a small drive because the old processor did n't merit much of an upgrade . I never had attempted this before and after research on the WEB and talking with some friends decided to take the plunge . This MAXTOR was one of the smallest at the best price I could find . I was surprized by the CLEAR , STRAIGHTFORWARD instructions included in the box . I 'll recommend all Maxtor HDs . This one works super . Now I 'm considering more memory ...
 I was looking for an easy , point and shoot 35mm camera , and this is it ! The colors are good and the focus feature is great .
 I bought this light , with no expectation.The light work very well the clamp is well made , I love it.This is a very good product .
 Got a handspring Treo 90 and bought the SanDisk 128MB Secure Digital Memory card the next day . Had to update the Treo with an update from Handspring before using it , but it was no problem . In genral it is awesome . Loading data -LRB- like a 12MB dictionary from Peanutpress or whatever they are called these days -RRB- is slow , but I think that has to do with Flash in general and not necessarily the SanDisk card . I have also loaded a ton of jpegs on it and it works like a champ . I highly recommend this memory card .
 Really , when it comes down to it - all Flash memory is the same , the only difference really is how it 's stored/accessed . I 've been using Compact Flash for quite sometime , nearly 4 years now - and have just recently moved over to the SD Card range because my new Pocket PC only takes this format.Anyway , I bought this card for the Pocket PC to store a bunch of MP3s/WMA files so that I could listen to music on my Pocket PC . The card is fast to write to -LRB- via USB it 's still slow -RRB- and is extremely fast to read from - there is no skipping of the music and the quality is rather good.This card will work anywhere , I 'm in Australia - and bought THIS EXACT card .
 I bought it for use on the Toshiba e755 six months ago . I did not find any problem . It runs surprisingly fast , so I put a lot mp3s in it and my pda can be used as a small size ipod : -RRB-
 I checked all other prices before buying this and saw that the lowest price I can find is -LSB- money -RSB- . I got discouraged at first because of the negative reviews that I saw but figured out that the card wo n't work on older models of PDA 's and digital cameras . But once you 've upgraded the software for your PDA or dig cam , it works perfectly . My dig cam was the latest model so I was able to use the card straight from the box . No problems , no delays . I can store almost 100 pics using a 3.2 MP cam with highest resolution . Long story short , GREAT PRODUCT AT A GREAT PRICE !
 I brought the card because of the low price . I have a Toshiba PDR 3300 and encountered the same problems as previous buyers . Rather than return the product , I contacted Toshiba and found that I needed to upgrade Toshiba 's Firmware version from 1.02 to 1.04 for the 128mb card to work . The 128mb sd card will not work with the software that comes with the camera . You can download the software at www.toshiba.com/taisisd/isd_svc/svcdsc/m3300upgrade.htmOnce I uploaded the upgrade the card work wonderfully . .
 Super value . Works great with my Ipaq .
 I bought the SanDisk 128 Mb Secure Digital Memory Card for my Sharp Zaurus SL-5500 . -LRB- No drivers or preparation needed -RRB- So far it works great ! You 'll need one of these if want to use extra memory and a compact flash network card at the same time .
 Too bad Sans Customer from San Francisco did not buy this card at Costco . He could have returned his card no questions asked , even after the warranty expired , for a full refund . Not sure how they -LRB- Costco -RRB- can make money by having such a liberal return policy but it is a fact . I returned some computer stuff there that was over 3 years old and got a full refund .
 I had an issue with my order and Amazon quickly made me , yet again , a very satisfied customer !
 I WAS VERY HAPPY WITH THE PRODUCT . I AM NOW ABLE TO STORE A LARGE PART OF MY PROGRAMS , AND NT HAVE TO USE UP THE LITTLE MEMORY MY PALM HAS . I WAS ALSO PLEASE WITH THE SELLER.SELLER WAS QUICK I GETTING ME MY PRODUCT .
 I bought this memory for my HP Photosmart 320 2 years ago . Since then I have traveled to Paris , Ireland , Hawaii , and a few southern states . Overall I took 10,000 pics w / this camera and its trusty 128 mb san disk memory . It has performed wonderfully for all of these trips . I recomend this item for any Digital photographer .
 Bought the SD card for use in my iPAQ 3955 . Works great with my iPAQ as well as my Kodak DK3700 Digital Camera.I also purchased the SecureMate SDCard reader . Running WIN XP Pro I had no problem finding and copying files to the SDCard .
 I bought the ScanDisk 128MB Secure Digital Card for $ 59.99 with a $ 20.00 MAIL-IN REBATE , and it operates beautifully in my Sharp , 4.2 MegaPixel , VE-CG40U Digital Camera . I have achieved great vaule in purchasing these products , the camera for $ 297.00 and the Card for $ 39.00 after mail-in rebate , what a wonderfull world . The ScanDisk 128mb holds 97 pictures at the highest resolution and the pictures are great.They are equivalent to any 35mm shot , I am comparing the pictures to a Canon AE-1 . I have used this card several times and have had NO problem downloading , re-formating or printing the pictures on both my HP printer or my Lexmark all-in-one printer . The Sharp camera is equivalent to any 4MegaPixel camera out there and the ScanDisk secure digital card works great , so far ! -LRB- I printed the mail-in-rebate form when I ordered the card from Amazon , the rebate comes from ScanDisk . -RRB- The ScanDisk 128mb secure digital card seems to have been a steal at Amazon for $ 59.99 with a $ 20.00 rebate and free shipping !
 Have a Photosmart 640 from HP , works well . Just thought id say so .
 Great to store a lot of information . I plan to use it to store the movies and songs I have not to clutter my computer and to keep them safeSanDisk SDSDB-128-A10 Secure Digital 128MB -LRB- Retail Package -RRB-
 Had looked everywhere locally for SD cards smaller than 1 GB with no luck . Needed them to work in my device . Was delighted to find them on Amazon and at a reasonable price . They came sooner than promised and work great !
 I was unable to locate a 128mb disk for my camera in stores . Went to AMAZON d bingo - found , puchased and received within a week .
 great product , and price , but the advances in this field have made this 128 mb capacity a thing of the past . Harvey Bragg
 I read several reviews that had a negative evaulation of the SanDisk 128mb secure digital card and have found them to be inaccurate . I bought a Sharp 4MegaPixel Digital Camera and this product works great . Down-loading is easy , and picture qualityis great . The card formats easily and seems to be a great product . For the price , $ ... with a ... rebate and free shipping , this is a hell of a bargain ! I recommend this product to the consumer interested in Value and Quality .
 I purchased this from Amazon.com and I used with my Panasonic Camcorder pvdv702 and The results were good . I am pretty pleased with it so far .
 If you own a Sharp Zaurus , the SanDisk 128 MB card will work very well and consistently if you flash the Zaurus ROM up to version 2.38 . You will have issues described in other reviews if you leave the ROM at version 2.37 . I actually received a defective SD card initially , and Amazon replaced it immediately.You can download the latest ROM software from the main Sharp Zaurus website . Get the following
 I bought a Cruzer with a 128 MB card to use for file transfers . Brought some photos with me on vacation and was able to plug right into my father-in-law 's PC -LRB- Windows XP OS -RRB- without any additional software or drivers . Absolutely no difficulty at all . This is also useful on laptops without floppy drives or in tranfering chunkier files like photos .
 I decided to purchase this item because I needed to get SD memory for my g/friends digital camera , so I chose this one because of the price and the brand . SanDisk is known for their memory . Well , no need to say more , this thing works great . I will buy another one but with more space anyday . Thanks alot San Disk .
 just got this one at sears , and was only $ 20 so i grabbed it . the Canon A400 i have only came with 16mb so i needed more space . the 128 is much faster and easy to format than my old one . love it !!! go out and buy one today ! GET SANDISK NOT LEXAR , THEY BREAK ALL THE TIME !!!!!!
 bought a 128 MB card and it works with no problems in the Magellan Meridian GPS .
 I bought this memory card to give me more room to store mp3s for jogging -LRB- it holds about 2 hours worth of 160 kbps mp3s -RRB- . The secure digital card continues to work flawlesly , even after suffering several falls while within my mp3 player.The card has a write-protection sliding tab , enabling you to view your files without fear of accidental erasure.Though it is a 132MB card , it 's user accesable capacity is 120MBs . I 'm buying another just as soon as I get my Kodak DX4330 ...
 This is an excellent product and would recommend it to anyone . However , it may not work with all electronic devices and you must read information about your particular product before buying this . Also , I am not 13 , but did n't feel much like logging into my account to review this product . I hope my review of this product will help other people before buying this .
 Would buy from vendor in the future . Item arrived in a timelymanner .
 I bought this SD card 21/2 years ago for use in my Magellan Meridian GPS receiver . Worked great until last month . Went to SanDisk 's website for help . The tech support people had me go through some diagnostic procedures and determined that the card was n't fixable . They arranged for me to return the card to them and even paid for shipping by FedEx . Two days after they received my old card , a new one was on its way to me . Just received it today and it works like a charm.It sure is nice to do business with a company that stands behind its products and cares about its customers .
 I purchased this SanDisk 128 MB Secure Digital Card for my Toshiba PRD-3300 digital camera . The first time I received the SD card from Amazon.com , I plugged it into my camera , formatted the card per the specification in the instruction manual and started taking pictures . The pictures came out scrambled on the replay option . I tried reformatting the card but then I got the message `` card error '' . I thought that the card was defective and I returned it for replacement to Amazon.com . In approximately 4-5 days I received my second SanDisk 128 MB Secure Digital Card . I repeated the same procedure of formatting , picture taking and so on but I was getting the same result and the error message . I was ready to send the card back again , but before I did I thought I 'd check around the web to see if there is any compatibility issue of this card with my camera . I went on Toshiba web site to see if I can find any compatibility issue with this card . Sure enough when I checked for new Firmware it had this : `` Latest Firmware Upgrade Features : Improved compatibility with SanDisk brand SD Cards manufactured after May 2002 , specifically for high capacity SD Cards -128 MB SanDisk SD Cards256MB SanDisk SD CardsUpgrade your PDR-3300 for use with these cards . `` I followed the instructions , upgraded my firmware to the latest revision 1.04 A and now my camera recognizes the 128MB SanDisk SD Card and it is working great .
 How many pictures will it store ? It is the most commonly asked question from digital camera enthusiast but usually the question that is the most difficult to get a straight answer about . Well , considering I worked in the memory industry for over 7 years I can help clarify this perplexing question and do so unbiased as I have since changed industries.The SanDisk SDSDB-128-A10 Secure Digital 128MB , like most 128MB cards , will store on average 142 pictures when used with a 2 megapixel camera , 106 images when used with a 3 megapixel camera , 64 pictures when used with a 4 megapixel camera , 51 images when used with a 5 megapixel camera , and 40 pictures when used with a 6 megapixel camera . These numbers are based off the assumption that you are going to shoot your images at the highest quality JPEG setting available for the camera and understand that they are estimates and may be off by as much as 10 percent due to numerous factors including the complexity of the scene being shot and the compression algorithm used by your specific camera.I truly hope this review was helpful to you in determining whether this card is the right capacity for your specific needs .
 I bought the SanDisk 128MB SD card for use with my new Casio EX-M1 digital camera . Popped it in and immediately ran into problems -- the camera would n't recognize that the card was empty after formatting.A quick call to Casio customer support solved the problem . The camera ships with the 1.00 firmware . In order to work with SanDisk 's 128MB card , the 1.01 firmware is needed . After downloading the updated firmware , the card worked immediately.I 'm now quite pleased with the card 's performance . It works as advertised and the expansion from the camera 's built-in 12 MB to 128 MB is quite dramatic . I can now store about 160 fine resolution pictures at full-size . What more can you ask of a memory card ?
 Works fine on Toshiba e310 Pocket PC . You get 120MB .
 I bought this SanDisk Secure Data card to use with my Magellan Meridian GPS . SD cards from Magellan are outrageously over priced and they do n't tell you , you can use one of these . But it works perfectly and saved me about 70 % on the cost . It was a fantastic value.-P -
 I am using this SD memory card for a Minolta Dimage X. I ca n't speak to the compatibility problems others have noted , but I have to tell you that this has been an excellent memory card for me . I just slipped it into my camera and it has worked flawlessly from day one . It also seems faster than other media . There is only a slight pause as the camera writes the photo to memory.I also found this an excellent value for the price . There are 256M cards , but they are very expensive . 128M is plenty for most digital camera uses and you can get more than 2 128M cards for the prices I 've seen for one 256M card.This card is also a great demonstration of how far technology is coming . 128M of memory on a card the size of a postage stamp ! I remember when it would take banks of chips to do something like that . Now I feel old , but I am very happy with this tiny little card.Hope this is helpful and good luck with your purchase !
 I am using this memory card with the HP Photosmart 620 digital camera and HP All-In-One printer psc 2210 . This digital memory card has worked great with both products . No compatability issues at all !
 This is the memory card that came with my Pentax 6.1 megapixel camera . I 've taken hundreds of pictures , dumped them from the camera to my hard drive , and have had no problems of any kind . At the highest quality JPEG setting , its capacity is about 40-45 pictures.One thing I am wondering about is the speed . When I began searching for a 1GB card I noticed SanDisk touted its Ultra II card as being very fast in transferring data to the card -- over 9 megabytes per second . I went back and looked at the transfer rate for this original SanDisk , and it claimed a rate of `` up to 10 megabytes '' per second . So the difference in speed appears to be negligible if anything . The price difference is not , however . The plain vanilla SanDisk 1GB is usually about 20-30 dollars cheaper than the 1 GB San Disk Ultra II . Besides , the transfer speed is only critical when you 're using the continuous shooting mode , which I seldom use .
 I use one of these memory modules in my Toshiba E740 , and it works flawlessly . Sandisk memory is also usually cheaper than many of the other brands , which makes it a excellent value .
 This memory card is great . Compare prices this one is less expensive and does just as good a job . I 'd buy again .
 I am using this memory card for my Panasonic digital camera . So far , it 's working fine for me . Good price compared to other brands .
 I bought the 128MB Sandisk SD card for use with my Concord Eye-Q camera . It works great . I dropped it in , and the camera immediately recognized it , transferred two pix to it that were in internal memory , and told me that I have 171 pix remaining.I was in Myanmar -LRB- Burma -RRB- in September and October taking pictures . Suddenly , ie . without warning , the SD card began refusing access and could not even be reformatted . I understand it has a five year warranty , so I will be checking it out and will update this review after doing so.Of course the price of SD memory is falling so fast , it turned out to be cheaper just to replace the card .
 Excellent card ... Works good in my Magellan Meridian Platinum GPS .
 The other two reviewers with a Toshiba PDR-3300 camera are having problems . I wonder if they took the time to visit the Toshiba website . There you can download and install a firmware upgrade to the camera that takes it from 1.02 to 1.04 . This update fixes problems with the large capacity Sandisk cards . I could take 8 pictures with the included 8 meg memory card . With this 128 meg card I can take over 150 at full size . The transfer rate is incredible . I see no reason to go with a more expensive brand . Recommended for this camera after the upgrade .
 The camcorder came with an 8 MB memory card , which can be filled very quickly if you like taking photos with the camcorder -LRB- each picture occupies about 0.5 MB -RRB- . No setup is necessary , just plug this card into the camcorder and it works .
 The Memory Card itself , is in great shape ! However , I keep forgetting that a Memory Card and Smart Media Card are two different Cards . So when I ordered this memory card , what I should have ordered was a smart media card , so this card does n't work for what I needed a card for . Otherwise , the card came as brand new !
 I bought this Heliopan Circular polarizer for my new Canon 70-200 f4 L IS lens , and I love it . I have B & W filters for my other lenses , and they are very good quality , but on the recommendation of a friend , I decided to give the more expensive Heliopan a try . I love it ; the feel , the quality , and especially the numbers on the side -- that you use to dial in the polarizer to the degree you want , is a big plus.I know that it 's a little more expensive than B & W , and Hoya , but , as an engineer who deals with quality , & well built equipment every day , I think you too , will find it 's worth the extra money .
 This is a very good finished stylus for iPad . For positive , it plays both functions , as a traditional and good enough pen , and a good stylus .
 This is one fine product . The sound quality is great , even though it 's such a small product -LRB- very small -RRB- . I have about 60 songs -LRB- wma and mp3 -RRB- at 128 kbps on my unit now , and still quite a bit of space . Alot of people complain about a product that does to much , but Creative handles it all well . The microphone is handy for recording boring Philosophy lectures while dozing off in the back of lecture hall . FM radio is ok , but I hardly use it . The screen is intuitive , and user friendly in my opinion . It 's so cool how you can just remove the usb unit from the battery module , plug it in a usb port , and transfer songs in about 5 seconds -LRB- really fast -RRB- , and plug it back in . Do n't even get me started on the great battery life . Another cool thing is the replaceable battery modules . You can get a color to match your personality from Creative 's website . I have a metallic grey one , which just looks awesome . This is definitely one of the best mp3 players on the market.One uncool thing though is Creative 's customer service . There is no US toll free number , and there is not as much product availability as say , the ipod shuffle , but you really should n't even need Customer service . Also , the included software sucks ; I just use Windows explorer to transfer files -LRB- drag and drop -RRB- , create folders and such . I would have given it 4.5 stars because of the mentioned negatives . But it still is the best mp3 player on the market right now .
 Great little device which holds plenty of music -LRB- although , I would love to have had a GIG -RRB- . After debating this one versus the new Creative Micro , I decided to go with this . It is really small , takes one standard battery , and lasts a long time on one battery . The fact that there are no cables necessary to connect to your computer was another plus -LRB- although the recessed USB ports on my tablet PC make this feature useless -RRB- . It works great for voice recording , and is okay at picking up radio signals . It works as a portable file storage to shuttle files from the office to home . Really , my only problem has been that the buttons and the jog dial interface are TINY . Sometimes it is frustrating when trying to navigate or change folders . The headphones that came with this are n't great , but I bought some nice Sony earbuds that work great . I wish it came with an FM transmitter built in so as to be able to easily connect it to my car stereo , but then , very few manufacturers offer this feature .
 I have had the TxFm 512 for almost 2 weeks now . It 's a breeze to add/delete songs to the unit using `` drag and drop '' . Both W2K and WXP recognized the unit w/o any problem.I have problem plugging the unit directly into my machines ' USB ports due to the ports location and orientation , but an USB extention cable solves the problem.The conversion software is very useful because I can store more MP3 songs in 64bit format ... my original files are either in 192bit or 128bit formats . I do n't think anyone can tell the difference from listening thru earbuds.Pros :1 -RRB- can display in different languages2 -RRB- available random songs -LRB- in folder -RRB- and random folder function3 -RRB- conversion software is user friendly4 -RRB- small and lightCons :1 -RRB- should sell the 1G version in US -LRB- it 's available in Taiwan -RRB- 2 -RRB- should provide neck strap -LRB- came w / armband and beltclip only -RRB- 3 -RRB- volume output is too low if used thru FM modulator , using earbuds is fine though
 I am very pleased with my MuVo TX FM 512 MB . Ordered from J&R music world online . Came with the armband and belt clip , as advertised . The software it comes with is very good . At one point I did encounter a problem downloading my music . I emailed tech support and Creative answered promptly , and within minutes , I was back up and loading music . Also love the fact I can use this to carry data as well as music and does not require cables to download . I would strongly reccomend buying this product and purchasing it from J&R .
 Got mine -LRB- 512m -RRB- two days ago . I needed to download the firmware update from the Creative.com site , because it kept turning itself off at inappropriate times . But since the download was installed , it works great ! -LRB- Listening to it as I write this . -RRB- The included software was a bit klugey , so I just use Windows Explorer for the more mundane stuff . I 'm a subscriber to Audible.com , and the book I downloaded to it works great , after downloading the necessary update for Audible Manager.It 's really nice to have a player I can stick in my pocket , listen to audio books , music , or FM radio , without having to burn CD 's . Get one !
 I just recently got the Creative MuVo TX FM 512 MB MP3 Player for Christmas . Even though I 've only had it for a day , I already love it!Pros : - the 512 MB space holds more music than I need as a teenaged girl - the simple drap & drop feature allows me to easily add music to the player just by plugging it into the USB port and copying & pasting through Windows Explorer -LRB- this does n't take a USB cable either ; the plug is right on the player -RRB- - it is easy to organize the player by creating and maintaing your own folders - the voice recorder works well , even though I am not sure I will need it - the sound quality is just as good as my 100 watt sterio system - the radio comes in very well , and it is very easy to record songs from the FM radio and convert them into MP3 's - because of the small size , it fits in my purse and ways nothing - it comes with decent earbud headphones , a case with a belt clip , an armband , and software if your computer is not compatible for the drag and drop featureCons : - the plastic case with the belt clip that comes with the player fits very snug . That could be a good thing , since it wo n't come out , but whenever I try to take it off , I am afraid I will damage the player . - other than the case , this MP3 player is perfect . so far , i have n't found anything wrong , and I absolutely love it !
 My wife got one of these . It 's extremely small , durable and has a nice selection of functions -LRB- MP3 playback , FM radio tuner with 20 presets and voice recording -RRB- . It simply plugs into the USB port of your computer for MP3 downloading , so it 's simple to replace music . The sound quality is excellent . It holds about 100 MP3 songs at 192 KbPS . Good for workouts or for travel .
 The player is good . It is n't the smallest player out there but it is small enough to easily fit in almost anywhere . I like the fact that the drive is removable and can be used just like a normal USB -LRB- jump -RRB- drive . This means I can move music or other files to and from other computers , without worrying about having the software to do so .
 I bought this at Christmas to have something that I could take to the gym . I was sold on its size . I had started shopping for a mini iPod but opted to go this route as the size was much smaller . I only want it for the gym and did n't see the need for a unit any larger . The built in FM radio was a nice feature as well.What I also liked was that it can operate on a standard AAA battery and I did n't need to send it back in like the iPod to get a battery replacement . Battery life is long on your standard alkaline batteries.No special cables needed to transfer data which I thought was another positive . I am forever misplacing cables and there always seems to be so many of them for each gadget or device that you own . This is pretty self contained in that respect and I 'm very happy with it .
 I love this little player ; great for running on the treadmill or on long flights or trips . Only downside I see is that the earbuds are much too big for my ears . I 've had other people try them on as well and most agree that they fit , but painfully.Otherwise a great alternative to the hard-drive based iPods and other juke-box types .
 I actually bought the 256mb version of this on Walmart.com but it 's the same as this one , just less memory . It 's my 3rd MP3 player and I could n't be happier with my purchase . It 's easy to use - plugs right into the USB port . No annoying USB calbes every time you want to sync music or files . Once you plug it in , it shows up like a hard drive and you just drag and drop -LRB- there is one caveat to this - if you plan on listening to protected music , that is to say music you purchased and downloaded online legally form places like walmart.com or musicnow.com , etc. you can only transfer the files using the creative software or using Windows media player - but the software included is very easy and it 's almost just as simple as drag and drop -RRB- . I like how the player has folder rention too , meaning when you organize your music on the computer , you can keep the same organization . Some players just download the songs and then you can only organize it by artist , album , or sometimes , genre - which must already be included in the tag extension or you have to type it in . I find that way to be a very ineffecient way to organize songs cuz sometimes you have 30 songs by 30 different artists and 15 different genres ! But with folders , you can organize it the way you want it -LRB- ex . workout songs , chill songs , etc. -RRB- The FM tuner is great - has an autoscan feature , and remembers your presets . And recording from the radio sounds surprisngly good - assuming the original signal is good . The voice recorder is not as good as my $ 250 sony digital recorder , but then again , that thing does n't play MP3 's ! I think it 's good enough for most uses , and it 's a pretty good feature to have as an extra.Also , using it as a USB drive works really well . With USB 2.0 it is just as fast as stand alone USB drives and works exactly the same way . No driver installation needed for Win XP.In response to a previous reviewer , I recently saw on Creative 's own website that you can actually purchase battery module 's in several colors for the Muvo TX FM 's . They are about $ 8 I think and come in several colors so you can personalize your MP3 player a little bit.All in all , I love this MP3 player , and if I had to buy another one , I probably would -LRB- though this time I probably would go for the 512 instead of the 256 , now that it 's out -RRB- ps - I got a really good deal on Walmart.com for my 256mb - it 's about $ 93 and the best part is I got an extended 3-year warranty for only $ 16 . Which is basically the whole reason I got it from them . And it does n't just cover manufacturer defects - it also covers anything you do to it by accident ! So you may want to check that out
 I get the bang for my bucks buying this product ! First of all , other brands selling about $ 120 for 256k and this is 512k . Besides , I do n't have to carry a cable to transfer data/music back and forth . I also like the slim/compact size for convinence . The sound quality is very good.The menu features are basic but it is sufficient for me . The earphone that comes with this unit is OK but I would recommand the creative noise cancellation earphone or better if you plan to use it for long period . The software that comes with this product is very good too . I have ripped many cd into mp3 and download into this unit with ease . The recording is ok and the FM is good . The only thing to be aware before buying is the stick is bigger that the regular memory stick and if you have a offset usb port in you PC , you might have a problem plugging into that port.The only wish I have on this product is to have a larger capacity -LRB- 1-5 GB with the same size -RRB- , free color choice for the battery compartment , and AM radio .
 I 'll keep this review limited to a simple breakdown of my impressions of the player and what can be improved . Hope this helps in your decision to buy one.Pros :1 . Tiny -LRB- 3 ' L x ~ 1.40 ` W -RRB- 2 . Great sound even with the supplied headphones -LRB- although a bit bulky with the padding ... but good nonetheless -RRB- 3 . Good interoperability -LRB- see past reviews/creative specs . -RRB- 4 . Nice backlight .5 . Energy effecient6 . It does n't come in SILVER ! Woooohooo ! I 'd even choose a bumblebee yellow-cyan model to express my anamosity towards the flooded silver color prosumer electronic market -LRB- hmmm ... an attempt to break stagnant consumers into buying new components to match the cheap silver components ??? ; -RRB- Cons :1 . Cheap plastic coated parts / platicky tactile feeling2 . Neckstrap Inside ! -LRB- so you can annouce to the world your an idiot -RRB- 3 . Bacteria/crud trap with the slider ... 4 . Can be a pain to remove the unit from the housing ... slippery plastic with the power button in your way -LRB- I guess it depends on how you try to remove it . -RRB- Wishlist :1 . Belt Clip -LRB- The J&R ; excerpt maybe wrong ... I am emailing amazon now to find out if this is true
 Alex Williams , Did you find out why some 512MB muvo tx fm come with an armband and some come with a neck strap . I have recently purchased this mp3 player from Amazon.com and have n't received it yet . I would like an armband but am afraid it will come with a neck strap which would be useless for exercising.FYI - I see you would prefer the neck strap . If I receive my muvo tx fm with a neck strap I would be willing to make a trade for the armband .
 My husband and I went on a 4-month camping trip throughout the southern states and took hundreds of photos with our 6.1 Digital Concepts camera -- amazing photos , breathtakingly beautiful . We have incredible photos of national forests
 Just received this lamp today . I have it sitting in the corner behind my dark brown leather sectional and it looks awesome !!! I also like the fact that the switch is also a dimmer and the light also shines through the plastic accents on front of the shades . I have been searching the net for an arc lamp and this is a great price for this lamp ! I am looking forward to receiving the matching table lamp .
 This is a great little box . I wish the dimensions were posted somewhere when I ordered it would have made life much easier ! 2 in Wide x 4 in Height x 1 inch deep .
 These walkie talkies work and have been working for a long time now . . so I waited before I reviewed them actually over a year and they are as good as when I got them .
 The price was reasonable , much less than the department store . I feel satisfied to date with the product . The delivery time was rapid .
 Considering the length this cable has worked great . A bit cumbersome for home use , more of a pro situation cable . I absolutely recommend this cable .
 I use the cable to connect my Dell Inspiron 700m notebook to my Samsung 32 '' LN-S3252 LCD TV . I get an excellent picture .
 Fast delivey . my mistake I should have gone with HDMI instead , however these worked and have no complaints about them .
 I needed to cat a VGA video cable around a room and this was the best way to do it .
 Exactly what I was looking after shopping locally , great price and fit layout application ; timely response during the holidays ...
 Having a 25foot cord is great for the situations when your tv/monitor is a bit too far and you want to be able to use the laptop no problem . 25 feet is too long if you want it just at the desk , but it works well for the distance.Only thing is that newer computers have DVI and/or HDMI which is of digital quality . Therefore it is the way to go if you only have the VGA option for your PC .
 I am currently using this cable to connect a laptop to a 40 '' TV in a homemade arcade cabinet . In it 's many hours of use I have not noticed any interference which was surprising at 25 ft. Overall I could not be happier with product or the price !
 This product met all my expectations and is perfect for my purpose . I use it to hook up my laptop to my TV . It has a great length for my living room and gets the job done .
 The cable works just as expected . The cable was delivered in a reasonable amount of time . I am satisfied with my purchase and I will will buy from this supplier again in the future .
 The product is excellent and extremely inexpensive . The UPS service , however , was way below par due to the driver who did not even attempt to deliver and instead sent it back to the seller ! But the seller did his job and was very cooperative and re-sent it immediately .
 Works as advertised . When sitting in my `` chair '' I grab the cable and connect to my computer . The other end is routed around furniture and connected to the HiDef TV . The wife asks a questions and the answer appears on the TV screen - very convient .
 I bought this cable for a PC.Length is great , and for the price , awesome.Since I do n't have 2 monitors , I had to buy a `` Y '' splitter to connect my monitor and my TV to the same outlet.Works good now . Watching movies and videos on the TV with good quality .
 I really liked how fast it shipped . I would def . buy from this user again .
 i have this streched behind my couch from my computer to television . It does a good job when i want to show everyone what im watching .
 I bought this cable to hook my laptop to my TV.It does a very good job . It does not give you the highest picture quality , but it is ok for watching movies and playing videogames . And for the lenght and price it is a really good deal .
 arrived quick and is great for transferring our computer monitor to the tv ... hello instant netflix !
 I have had no problems with this cable . It gives a good signal over the 25 feet and works as expected .
 This is the way to go from a 15 inch laptop screen to a 32 '' monitor/flat screen . make sure your laptop has a fifteen pin outlet . this will work on any desktop computer , this is the same cable that plugs into the old analog tv style monitor before the days of flat monitors .
 Got what I ordered in a very timely fashion . Cable work great to connect my PC 's All-in-Wonder video card to my Sony HDTV with no apparent loss of video or audio quality . Only problem is that the Sony , -LRB- this may be true of all TVs with `` VGA PC inputs which is why I mention it as a caution to prospective buyers -RRB- when in the `` PC '' input mode does not permit changing the video format so , for example , can not expand the picture to fill the screen . Ended up getting a 25 ' combined RGB/audio cable which attaches to the Sony 's HDTV input ports
 This is a great product but I should have purchased a cord with RGB & Audio built in , like this one -LSB- ... -RSB- The only thing I use mine for is connecting my netbook to my LCD TV , and I have to use a seperate shorter 1/8 '' cable which is a pain and trip hazard.If you just need it for RGB video , this would do the trick .
 Cord is as advertised & expected . It was delivered in a timely manner at a great price.I 'd recommend this seller to all !
 This is a high quality product at a great price - I use it for powerpoint presentations , which are made up mostly of color photos , and I 'm just as happy with the picture quality when I use this 25 ' cable as I am when I use the 6 ' cable that came with my digital projector . I also received this order very quickly .
 I wanted a long cable to connect my computer to my tv from about 12 feet away and this worked perfectly .
 I use to connect laptop to teleprompter , which often needs some distance . Have been using for several months , no problems .
 Ability to project computer screen to flat screen TV . Suggests providing the cable with a splitter or connector the size of the diameter of the cable .
 Upon receiving the Belkin F3H982 Cable , I immediately tried it out on my computer and big 46 inch monitor and was amazed at how easy it was to set up and the color that was contained . I know that if I need a product in the future that I need to see if Belkin has it first .
 I bought this cable a few days back . I needed to connect my 52 '' LCD to my pc . I had an S-video cable . Once I connected this new cable wow !! The difference !! The price is very accessible and the quality is great . I really recommend it !!!
 There 's not much to say other than it works as intended . I use it to connect my computer to my TV , and it does the job .
 Wonderful resolution from computer to TV monitor . Highly Recommend after having tried another dealer selling semilar product except theirs did not have enough wires in the cable .
 Great cable and that is what I was looking for . And I appreciate the early shipping .
 Not a complicated item . It does exactly what it 's supposed to without any annoying quirks . The cable is nice and heavy and does n't twist too much-easy to route it where you want it .
 THis cable works great on my 22 '' rotating HP Display , HPw2207 , i setup my laptop on my credenza behind me and the monitor on my desk so all i have visible is the monitor , wireless keyboard and mouse and my Bose speakers , It looks and works great
 what can i say , i bought this to hook a projector to a laptop on the opposite side of the room and it works flawlessly . its a great quality cable for cheap .
 We needed to move a video projector to the back of the room for a class , and this cable allowed us to have the presentor still at the front controlling his own presentation . Works fine .
 I connected my laptop to my ceiling projector using this cable , and it works flawlessly . I was worried that I would get some distortion since the cable is so long , but I do n't see any difference in picture quality if I use this versus a short cable.It 's pretty much a very long standard VGA cable . I ca n't see any use for it if you have a normal-sized PC display , since you probably wo n't be sitting 25 feet away , but if you have a very large screen or a projector this cable is great .
 It 's a cable , and it works without any quality loss.Pros
 i needed vga and audio for pc to tv hookup , review on the pre-made cables were n't very good so i bought two seperate cables and taped them together every couple of feet . this not only allowed me to adjust the distance between the plugs it also saved me some money : - -RRB-
 I paid about 40 % of the retail price by purchasing through Amazon as compared to Frys Electronics Store .
 i used this for my hp dv6000 laptop to connect to my standard grade tv , and connected easily . more words
 recommend this highly.The price indicated the quality would be just okay , but just the feel of the cord you can tell it is not the cheap thin junk . Am very happy with this .
 Bought this for use in my office of 30 + people . It gets used every day . The first one started to not fit in the port anymore after about 5 months , but it was n't a name brand . Sometimes buying name brand is the only way to go . So I 'm hoping that this Belkin cord will last longer . And it was the right price , too .
 Cables worked great . Exactly as advertised . Much cheaper than local alternative . Using cable to connect my NON-HD computer to my HD TV .
 Great cable at a great price , the picture quality was perfect . You dont always get what you pay for ... sometimes you get more .
 I 'm a teacher and bought this product because I wanted to move my desk across the room . I needed a longer VGA cable for my computer than our school provided . It 's working well . I have had no problems at all . I priced these at Staples and they were much higher . I would have also had to buy two because they only had shorter cables that would have needed to be linked together .
 This is a superb quality 25 ft -LRB- male/male -RRB- vga cable . I am using it to supply 800x600 resolution video from my HTPC computer to my Infocus X1 projector . The image quality of DVDs is very clear and sharp . I think the video image from this cable looks even better than with the standard 6 ft vga cable that came with the projector .
 I purchased this cable to connect my notebook computer in the office to my television in the living room . This cable carries the signal perfectly . I am happy with the quality of the purchase and the price paid .
 I am by no means computer savvy , but with a little internet research , I was able to connect my laptop and my HD tv and get a picture and sound.First I attached this cable to my tv and laptop . I changed my tv to `` PC '' mode , but I still did n't have a picture on my tv . After researching online , I found out that I needed to press the `` FN '' key & `` F8 '' key at the same time on my laptop . Wala ! That put the picture on my tv , but I still did n't have any sound from the tv.After more research , I learned that I could connect my portable speaker to my headphone port on my laptop . Worked wonderfully ! I could have used an audio cord to connect the tv to the headphone port -LRB- I learned this from my internet research -RRB- , but I did n't have one already . The portable speaker has such a great sound , I do n't plan to change to the audio cord.Now I can watch my tv/movie programs on a bigger screen . The tv resolution is good for tv/movies , but not for `` reading '' . If I were going to use it for reading email , etc. , I would experiment with changing the tv 's resolution . That will require another internet search . : ~ -RRB- This cord is very heavy and transmits well to the tv . I would highly recommend it . The packaging and shipping were excellent also , as is usually the case when I order from Amazon .
 The cord came within the week with standard shipping . Very thick and durable-looking . The connection to my TV seems a little jumpy at times , with horizontal lines across the screen . However , this may just be data delay since this is a longer cord . Other than that , no problems - it works perfectly and was exactly what I was looking for . I use it with my 37 inch HDTV , and it is able to display at full 1080p definition .
 I use this sometimes to run my HP laptop onto my Vizio 32 '' HDTV . It 's a heavy duty cable & does the job it 's supposed to . It took me a lot of time to figure out the settings on my PC before I finally got it to perform . It can be done .
 This product worked well upon receiving it . I bought a generic no name brand about a year ago and I had problems with it from rolling it up when I stored it . Apparently , after rolling up the cord , a short developed . This cord seems a bit more durable . I do n't anticipate any problems .
 Perfectly connects my TV and my Laptop . Might want to consider an audio cable also if you plan on using it to stream video from the web . I have a rather large living room , and the cord is plenty long .
 I was worried that 25 feet was too long for signal reasons because I bought an switch from my monitor and HDTV . When I hooked it up . It worked like a charm . Thanks !
 Anyone who has spent a tremendous amount of time running wires , tucking wires , hiding wires or simply just hooking up components will tell you the same thing when it comes to the majority of cables they purchase
 I bought this cable to attach a laptop to a 55 inch TV for teaching classes . Excellent solution for very little money . I like Belkin products and this is no exception .
 Every once in a while when I have the computer connected to the TV the picture will start to `` Jump '' . And will not stop until I restart the computer . I do n't know if that means it is the computer that is causing the issue or the cord itself . That is why I gave it four stars out of five . Otherwise the picture looks great on my TV
 I use this cable to hook up between my pc and our 50 '' LCD tv for viewing vacation pictures with family members . The cable and the connectors are good quality and the cable itself rolls up nicely without kinking or twisting and it arrived quickly . Highly recommend it .
 Great deal ! Do n't be fooled into buying some no name alternative like I did . Ended up having to buy this cable too and glad I did . Buy it , you wo n't be disappointed .
 This cable is built really good . Very nice connectors , really thick insulation , and great signal ! -LSB- ... -RSB- Does n't get any better than this !
 It worked ! It 's 25 ft long . What more could you expect ?
 Ok , so I am one of those people who use their TV for a computer monitor . This means I am about 10-15 feet away from the actual screen ... the desktop is right next to the TV.My problem -LRB- s -RRB- : I did n't really pay much attention to the lazer keyboard concept . To use this keyboard you have to plug in what looks like a mouse and is about the same size as -LRB- a standard -RRB- one . This MUST be with in ten feet of the keyboard for the keyboard to function . -LRB- I do n't use the mouse but same thing -RRB- . The problem ? Sitting this on my TV stand leaves it just out of reach so I have to sit it on the floor which leaves it in hazards way for getting stepped on.Since the keyboard has to be within range it also has to have the right line of sight . After six months I still have n't figured out exactly where the connection is because randomly it will decide it does n't want to work.There is no indicator the batteries are low other than it slowly starts not responding . If you are a fast typer like me this gets old fast because you constantly are pausing to see if the letters on the screen are going to catch up with what you typed and if all of them are going to show up -LRB- when the battery gets to a certain level of low it starts missing key strokes -RRB- . On the bright side ... all of the extra functions work really well and easily . No set up required to get them to interact with whatever music/movie player -LRB- s -RRB- you have , if it is up and open it will respond to the properly pressed key.I would recommend this product but only if you are going to be using it at a desk or range closer than 10 feet .
 It 's a pretty decent keyboard for this price . It sits really comfortable on my lap , the keys feel nice when i type . It 's not uncomfortable at all . I just wish the range was a little longer . after about 4 feet the keyboard and mouse start to lose reception with the receiver . Overall though it 's a pretty good bang for our buck.I would only recommend this set to people who plan to be in front of their monitors or at most 4 feet away .
 I like this keyboard & mouse so much that I now have one at home and one at work . It 's comfortable and the response on the mouse is excellent . I 've always used Logitech before but I like this Microsoft one much better . My husband likes it and he is pretty picky . The mouse takes a bit of time to get used to because it is a `` smooth '' scroll - but I prefer it and even bought the Microsoft Laser Notebook Mouse for my Macbook Pro -LRB- gasp -RRB- . Highly recommend .
 This MS Wireless Desktop 4000 is an excellent keyboard/mouse combo . After one year I am fully satisfied with it . Touch typing with the padded pad and curved keyboard is comfortable and accurate . The keys are excellent touch and it is reasonably quiet . One accidental water spill into the keyboard seemed to cause no harm . We turned it upside down shook it well and then laid it on a towel . Next morning it worked just fine . I have customized most of the optional keys to suit my needs and they save a lot of hassle . I would really miss those keys.The mouse works well within a small space of 5x5 , is smooth and all buttons and dial work as they should.The only problem is a false low battery report now and then . Too infrequent to make me search for the cause.We have just acquired another computer , and from the looks of the field today , we will go with another 4000 .
 Although it took a little getting used to , the ergonomicly curved keyboard grows on you ! The key positioning and spacing make it even easier typing . I ordered the piece on the afternoon of July 22 and received it the next afternoon July 23rd -- STANDARD SHIPPING !! WOW !! WHAT GREAT SERVICE !! AMAZON.COM IS THE FIRST -LRB- AND PROBABLY ONLY -RRB- PLACE I WILL NOW USE WHEN SHOPPING ONLINE !!
 I love this product ! We have 3 cats who all like to eat wires . The wireless keyboard and mouse are the only way to go . Great seller . I would certainly do business with them again .
 Love this keyboard , also the shape makes it more comfortable to rest my wrists on it , and the keys flow realy well . Have n't messed with all the bells & whistles yet , but it has several good options , . . the mouse came with it and I am very happy with both . . the wireless keyboard & mouse have great range , even with the clutter I have on my desk . Recommended highly , great price for what it has .
 I saw this NEW in a Surplus Electronic Store for $ 39.95 and took a chance.I LOVE IT . The keyboard is ergonomic and very comfortable and the mouse is working great.I 'll have to wait and see about the battery life but the stress on my hands , now that I got rid of a VAIO mouse , is more than worth it.The HOT KEYS are fantastic . The only drawback is that ALT-F4 seems to have no effect , but there are other ways to skin a cat .
 received this keyboard very fast.had a similar one that the space bar broke . thie board is very easy to use . i am very satisfied with it . would recamened it .
 i bought this keyboard/mouse over a month ago and it has done pretty well . response time is flawless -LRB- from both -RRB- and the added features -LRB- i.e. zoom function on mouse , hot keys on keyboard , etc -RRB- have lived up to expectations . this is a good alternative to buying a bluetooth set -LRB- $ 40 vs $ 130 -RRB- for those folks that want a bit of freedom .
 I have been looking for a wireless desktop for my work PC for a while . Finally , I saw this desktop during a President 's day sale in Staples for under $ 30 . Installation was a breeze . I have n't lost the link to the receiver once so far . The ergonomic keyboard is very comfortable and so is the palm rest . The mouse is quite responsive . I am very happy with the purchase . Ca n't speak for the battery life , but will post an update as soon as I have some more information about that . I highly recommend this keyboard to anyone looking for a nice ergonomic wireless desktop keyboard/mouse combo .
 I bought this unit to replace a Microsoft Mac Wireless keyboard combo in which the mouse went bad and they no longer made that product . This product has the same keyboard but a different mouse than the original . It works great with the Intellimouse , intellitype software for the Mac .
 I love this keyboard . It 's great for my wrists and soft in my fingers.Perfect .
 I Bought This Mouse / Wireless Keyboard Not Long Ago , Am Still Trying To Get The Feel Of It , But Its Way Better Than What I Had . It Allows Me To Do Various Task That I Couldnt Do With My Previous One , Such As Volume Control , Add Favorites , Spell check , All With Just A Touch Of The Keyboard ... Really Nice !
 I have had many keyboards this is my second Microsoft keyboard . I have to both are the best I have owned . I like the way my hands and wrist do not hurt when typing , it is so nice not to sit at a desk to type with the wireless keyboard .
 I have had the combo for only a week , but I am satisfied . The keyboard is comfortable and the mouse is responsive . My only complaint was accidentally hitting the right side button very often . I just disabled the button with the software & no more problem . Very good units for the money .
 i have been using this item for some time and i love the keyboard , and the mouse has a decent range .
 Macintosh keyboards are elegant , sophisticated and attractive ... but IMHO , not much good for heavy duty work . I spend a lot of time on the computer for work or play , and the flat , congested keyboards Apple offers slow me down and are uncomfortable to use for extended periods . I am fast on the keyboard and have large hands , and have had to get replacements for the units that came with my last three desktop Macs and for my Windows box as well . I 've tested many replacement keyboards , and this offering from Microsoft is the best combination of features , ergonomics and value that I 've found.It 's not perfect by any means . There is no LED indicator on the face to tell you if the Caps Lock or Num Lock are on -LRB- these are on the wireless antenna , which get shoved under the screen and out of sight . The legs that elevate the back are flimsy , and the black keys are hard to read in low light . I still tend to use the Mac mouse because it 's more forgiving than the sensitive switches jammed on the surface of the Microsoft mouse . But these are minor issues to me ... it 's still better than other keyboards costing twice as much . It is getting harder to find , and in typical fashion for Microsoft the newer products are costlier and not as practical as the old . But hey -- that 's Redmond for you .
 The form and function of this set is excellent . I 've used it for several years and only had to replace the batteries two or three times . When the keyboard or mouse begins to become unresponsive , simply replace the batteries . Also , it 's not difficult to keep the receiver nearby . Just place it under or behind your monitor . It 's nice not to have two cords reaching across the desk.As far as the design is concerned , I find the keyboard superior in that it allows for greater typing speed due to the palm support on the bottom edge of the keyboard , as well as the layout of the actual keys , which are in a slightly curved arrangement to reflect natural hand position -LRB- if you type properly with both hands on the home row keys , etc -RRB- . Plus , one of the most unexpectedly useful functions of this keyboard is the `` calculator '' button just above the number pad . It makes accessing the windows calculator quick and easy , and I use it all the time , for basic calculations of just about anything . I actually use the calculator a lot more often now , because it is simply a button press away.Overall this set has greatly enhanced my productivity , comfort and typing speed at the office . I would seriously recommend it to anyone who uses a keyboard and mouse every day .
 great set . if you have a desk top it works great . cut your wires loose and enjoy . Great set of speed keys as well . The magnifier on the mouse take some getting use to but all in all great set .
 This is by far the best mouse and keyboard combo that I have ever tried . First off , check your local Staples to make sure they are not selling this keyboard + mouse set for less . I got mine for $ 30 . I bought this set to replace my old Logitech Cordless Desktop EX110 . I use the set with my Vista laptop . The mouse is very comfortable and the scroll wheel is very smooth . I find the mouse buttons very conveniently placed . I also like the laser technology , which works on almost any surface . On to the keyboard . I really enjoy the programmable buttons which were very easy to configure , even in Vista . I am disappointed that the zoom feature does n't work in Firefox . The other thing that I do n't really like is that the space bar is a little loud . The built-in wrist rest is glorious . A tip for receiver placement
 I honestly expected little from the mouse since i have had a hard time finding a good wireless mouse and bought this product mostly for the key board . The key board is orgonamically comfortable enought , but it misses a key here and there . The mouse is very responsive . The best I have ever tried to date . Mine Works as far away as 10 ft.
 I was a little weary of the product because they shipped it without any protective wrap and having had worked in a post office in the past I know that people are not overly careful , but the product works well and I am enjoying it : -RRB-
 The Microsoft wireless 4000 is a good buy . I like the design of the board and the features are sensible . I 'm on the computer quite a lot and it does n't tire my hands.I would like the keys to be softer or of a different material , but it does n't cause any real problems.Just a little slick . I really like the mouse features too and it gives many options for users.All in all , worth buying .
 Product does exactly what is claims to do . I was able to connect it and getting it working with my Windows XP machine in less than 2 minutes . The range is n't spectacular -LRB- 6 feet -RRB- , but this is within the specs . And taking into account the fact that they are available for $ 14.99 on Amazon , it was a real no-brainer purchase !
 This is a very good product for the money . It works very well and i am very happy with it . You wo n't be disappointed .
 Microsoft Wireless Laser Desktop 4000the description on the item indicates it 's a 5000 Laser . The product workd well and I have no problems with response time . It 's great NO more wire limitations .
 I have chosen to replace my old key board and mouse with the same model , again after I spilled coffee on it , because this model is very comfortable to use . It offers me a lot of different options I can use and enjoy ! I would highly recommend this key board and wireles mouse any time !
 Dude this keyboard is so dam cool !!!!!!!!!!! Mad sweet come to you live just from this brand new one ! Do n't you just love the speed and convenience that ergonomic keyboard offer ? It really like this one because I found it to have the most bang for the buck . I admit sometimes the reception is n't as god as some of its brothers and sisters from Microsoft , but does the job well . A great tool for all ! I 'm a avid web surfer so I love all the little features and kicks that it gives . Allows me to control my music photos and web pages seamlessly . It also helps when I am updating my websites as all the shortcuts are listed and there are many features that work with Microsoft Word .
 We use allot of computers in my business . I use the MS wireless -LRB- split key -RRB- natural keyboard and mouse for my personal use because I like the angle it places my arms at.We just picked up a few of these 4000 units.My employees are very pleased with them in every way ! They also like the slight angle it places therearms and have told me they do n't get as tired typing anymore.We like the rechargeable batteries in them ! No more battery expences !! Or downtime trying to locate new cells . We located the transmitters in a location above and away from the users desktop units.The signal is very strong and the mouse is very responsive.We have 10 of these in our office now . None of them conflict with one another at all ! They do n't seem to wear out near as fast as the standard keyboard , and our employees like the fact that They can sit back and place them on their lap.I like the mouse without the tail so I can reach overPick it up and use it without having the person get out of his or her chair to show them something.The other user review that says they are having problems might not have a good FULLY charged set of batteries and may not have the transmitter located up and away from the keyboard and mouse.We picked up ours for $ 26.99 with 11.99 shipping ... On a final note
 I just got this keyboard mouse combo today . It is a very good set . Extremely easy to set up and the laser works well . My keyboard is below my computer and laser and it still works fine . I was afraid that it would have to be directy in front of the receiver , but it does n't . IT is going to take some time to get use to the keyboard setup though . It is hard to type on at first due to the layout . Also there are plenty of shortcut buttons both on the keyboard and mouse . Would definitely recommend .
 I bought this as a set because you simply ca n't by the keyboard separately - which is very unfortunate , since the keyboard is , in my opinion , nothing short of spectacular while the mouse it 's paired with is just hideous . Here 's my take on the pros and cons of each : Pros - Keyboard : - Solid feel - the keys are n't `` mushy '' and they have a nice feel to them . They 're everything most laptop keyboard are n't . If you hate your laptop keyboard , you 'll love this keyboard . - Comfort - the wave layout is by a long shot more comfortable over long periods than the standard shape you 're used to . Your hands fall naturally onto the keys they should without ratcheting your wrists to a 45 degree angle to type . Your arms , wrists , and even shoulders wo n't get near as tired after a day of using this keyboard . And unlike the `` ergonomic '' keyboards that MS makes , you do n't have to completely re-learn to type on a split keyboard - the best of both worlds , IMHO . Additionally , the wrist rest is comfortably cushy without being so soft it throws off your angle or hand maneuverability . - Battery life is very good ; I 've had this keyboard for 1.5 to 2 years and have n't had to replace the battery yet . Logitech 's newer KBs may have better life , but 2 years -LRB- and still going -RRB- is not anything to sneeze at . - Programmable keys are handy and fairly extensive , and the software to set them up is first rate.Cons - Keyboard : - Size - this is a pretty big keyboard . The wave design seems to make the whole thing a bit wider and then add on the side zoom control and programmable buttons on one side and the numeric pad and edit keys on the other and it 's wider than most . It 's deep too - with the large wrist rest and , the added depth from the wave , and the programmable keys topside , this keyboard needs some real estate to sit on . If you 're short of space , this is n't for you . - Noise - this is n't a particularly quiet keyboard . As I stated , the keys are n't mushy and that means they make a bit of noise . If you work in an environment where you 're right on top of someone else , this might be an issue . - Ca n't purchase separate of the mouse.Pros - Mouse : - Uses the same wireless receiver as the keyboard , so you only have to use one USB for both . - Matches the silver and black of the keyboard , so they look nice together.Cons - Mouse : - While the keyboard has been designed to be comfortable and ergonomic , this mouse is anything but . It does not fit well in the hand . It has no curve to it and must be held with your wrist straight and unnaturally , everything you gain through the wave style of the keyboard , you loose with the mouse . Additionally , the extra keys are laid out such that if you have a large hand , you just simply ca n't avoid bumping them with your thumb , especially when you pick it up to reposition it . Purely awful design . - Tracking is terrible . I practically have to put the mouse next to the receiver to get it to work . Even then it skips and hesitates . And this is regardless of the surface . I even tried a fancy high resolution mouse pad and it only helped slightly.So , what did I do ? I had this wonderful keyboard and terrible mouse combination . I ditched the mouse and went with the Microsoft Natural Wireless Laser Mouse 6000 -LSB- 69K-00001 -RSB- . It has all the ergonomics of the keyboard , can easily be paired with the receiver that came with keyboard , tracks well , and has good battery life as well . Again , it 's large , but it 's really comfortable . Though , I will say , I recently got aLogitech Performance Mouse MXfor work and I 'm seriously tempted to switch to it at home as well . Either mouse is a vast improvement over the one that ships with this set and I think the keyboard alone is worth what Amazon is charging .
 I was excited to have bought this new Hp Pavillion 6443b with a 500 Gb hard drive . Having not done my part of reading about the horrors of Vista ~ 64 bit OS I 've been ` blindsided ' by what all was not compatable with it . I am so very happy to say this Multimedia wireless keyboard and mouse work beautifully with the operating systen ! Having been spoiled with Windows XP Professional and my previous wireless keyboard and mouse , when I did take the plunge with the new CPU and Vista ~ 64bit , I realized how wonderful not being tied to the CPU with cords from the keyboard and mouse was ! Not only did I receive superb delivery of this product but the packaging was flawless as well . Yes , I highly reccommend this product !
 I am a writer so love the slight curve -LRB- ca n't do the seperated ones - fingers just too used to a reg keybrd -RRB- . Has not failed in any way for 7 years , very comfy , works perfect .
 I have purchased several of these keyboard/mouse combos , specifically the 4000 series . I have never had a problem out of them . Highly recommend these for general computer users .
 Good buy for the money . You have to watch where you place the receiver , but I 've overall quite pleased .
 I was a bit worried when the product arrived ... the box was pretty mangled -LRB- not from USPS but how it was sent -RRB- . Upon downloading the CD software on my MacBook , the product would n't function . Thankfully , after a bit of internet research , I found new updated drivers online that I was able to download and now it works perfectly ! With my MacBook propped up , and keyboard below , my neck is much more comfortable ! The only thing I do n't like about it is the keyboard is a bit loud when typing . But the comfort bonus outweighs that annoyance !
 I like all the different functions of this keyboard ... I just wish it was n't so large in size .
 I really like this new keyboard . The curve is just enough to keep it comfortable . It has taken a couple days to get used to it , but I find now that my fingers are no longer getting cramped like they were with my old keyboard . The mouse is really nice . Fits well in my hand , and I love the one-click magnifier . Really helps when researching old documents . Setup was a breeze . Took less than five minutes . Also , I have not noticed any frequency problems when using with my Internet router . Would highly recommend . Is definitely worth the buy ! And the shipping is very fast !
 Very nice product , works with both Windows XP and Windows Vista , easy to upload software too !
 Run the disc and the mouse and keyboard are installed . I love the magnifying feature . One click of the mouse and viola . My husband prefers our old wired mouse so both are installed and work fine together .
 I 'm very happy with this purchase , the Keyboard works great , the Mouse is a little small and if you use it for a very long time like I do , your hand starts hurting . But overall it is a great deal and good choice , I would recommend it
 That keyboard is perfect . If one of the batteries run out you can still using the other one . So , not necesary use both at teh same time.You can :1 - Control vol.2-Turn off pc3-Open web4-Open calculator5-Save favorites6-Control Windows Media Player7-Control zoon8-Take sleep your pcI recommend .
 The keyboard/mouse are responsive to the touch and -LRB- the reason I bought them -RRB- they are WIRELESS and ERGONOMIC . I can be several feet away from the screen , lean back in a chair , and type or click away . On Microsoft website this item cost $ 80 . Via Amazon it cost $ 40 . Unbelievable !
 The keyboard is a good ergonomic design . The key functions are great . The only issue is the USB wireless receiver stores in the underside of the mouse , which turns the mouse off -LRB- saves battery -RRB- . Who wants to keep unplugging the wireless receiver on a desktop PC ? I do n't like that the mouse remains on with no on/off button to manually power it off . What were they thinking ?
 This is my second 4000 , for good reason . The angle of the board , the shape , the functionality - all are outstanding . The ambi-mouse is good . The programability of both is outstanding.I 've got one gripe about the set - I often have to click/roll/move / click/punch/hit ... to get it to wake up my computer . Sometimes it will take one action -LRB- tap a mouse button or tap the Enter key -RRB- for an instant-on wake-up but most of the time it takes at least three actions - and a few seconds - to get a wake-up , and other times it will take five - to ten seconds or more , and as many taps , clicks , whatever to get it to wake up . To be sure , this is not a signal-thing . The receiver is within inches of the keyboard and mouse and has an unobstructed ` view ' and I only occasionally -LRB- once in six months or more -RRB- get a low battery or low signal message - which goes away with a battery change . And the only thing constant about it is that more-often-than-not it will take multiple strokes to get it going.Last , it took almost a life-time to get here . Yeah , I live in Alaska but this one took long enough in transit that I almost filed a missing item report . I think it was about three weeks .
 Compared combo deals with logitech n many others . This was the best one -LRB- 45 $ -RRB- and its microsoft . The only drawback if at all , is that the receiver is a bit bulky but its only a problem if u use it with your laptop . with a desktop its perfect .
 Wireless keyboards are great because you can kick back , recline in your chair and sit several feet away from your laptop or desktop while having the ability to type from almost any location . A lot of wireless keyboards , however , have downfalls - many are just outright chinsy and break when you breathe on them , some are too heavy/clunky , others act as dust magnets and become so clogged with dirt and trash that the keys become unusable and unreliable . Other wireless keyboards have serious signal range issues or chew through batteries in a matter of days . The Microsoft Wireless Comfort 4000 keyboard , however , is a true winner . It strikes a good balance because it 's well designed -- it 's easy to grip , light-weight , and the keys feel great.I mainly bought this wireless desktop 4000 package because I needed to replace my busted old Logitech wireless keyboard . The Logitech wireless keyboard was plagued by a slow key rate -LRB- I type fairly fast , > 80 words per minute -RRB- and the horrible unreliable wireless signal resulted in me losing my cool and smashing the keyboard into oblivion . Violent rage aside , the Wireless Comfort 4000 keyboard is in a different league . The keyboard is very responsive and the keys are quiet . Additionally , the keyboard has a `` sleep '' button which is becoming more difficult to find on a vast array of the wireless keyboards on the market currently . It has all the buttons I commonly use as well as a nice layout that is beneficial for fast typers . The mouse is fine but nothing special , I already own one of those blue laser Microsoft mobile mouse 6000 's so I do n't use the included mouse regularly , I simply tested it out of the box to make sure it was n't defective.Great price on a great wireless keyboard/mouse package . The keyboard alone is worth the $ 40 + tax I paid for it . The mouse is just an added bonus . Pull the trigger , best $ 40 - $ 50 investment in a wireless keyboard you 'll make .
 I have always been a fan of the Microsoft ergonomic keyboard because my hands seem to be less tired after hours of typing . Although this one seemed a little flatter , I 'm delighted with the keyboard action and hand position . The padded palm rest is wonderful and the wireless mouse if far superior to the Wireless Notebook Optical Mouse 3000 I use at work.Overall I consider this one of my smarter purchases . It 's worth far more than I paid -LRB- but do n't tell Amazon -RRB- .
 I needed a new key board for my New computer , and the ones they sell with the computer were just to costly . I searched and found this one , I love it , it meets all my needs and exceeds the discription.Great purchase and so easy , shipped on time and recieved in A-1 condition .
 I loved this monopod . I used while recording my son 's performance in daycare . It is great for small crowded spaces like one there . Imagine small room , 20 kids , 2 + parents -LRB- grandparents -RRB- for each kid , no place to breathe , not talking about seating . Everybody is on each other head . if you hold camera your video will be dancing up and down because you are pushed in every direction . I was able to record very good video because even thought I was pushed , camera was still , I was able to hold it stable on the monopod . Small in size -LRB- unfortunately does not fit in purse -RRB- and not very expensive .
 I was very sceptical after reading the reviews but I needed something small I could carry in my backpack . And after using it the entire football game this afternoon I am so impressed I purchased another one for a friend . As with any piece of equipment you have know how to adjust and set it , including locks , latches and , LIMITS , which in this case is three pounds . The bottom leg has a single spring pop out latch and the second and third legs have two each . With twist locks on the upper two legs all locks and latches worked without collapse . Anyone who can operate a camera will by far know how to adjust and secure this Perfect Compact Monopod . Thanks Sunpak .
 This is a nice unit at the right price and they shipped it fast . Nice work ... The mono pod is easy to carry and can be left attached to the camera all the time . You can bring the camera up quickly and rest the end on your waist or belt to help steady the camera for the fast shot . It is light weight and makes steady shots and panning easy if you are useing a video camera . The tubes are sturdy , telescope very smooth and lock well . Its a handy thing when running around on vacation or shooting events where you are worried about human traffic tripping on a tripod leg .
 If you are just beginning and do n't know where the diacritics are on the keyboard you will have to learn the `` hard '' way with these because they are n't on the stickers . On the other hand , these are rugged and very sticky . The yellow on my black keyboard has a neat effect . I cut the bottoms of the ba -LRB- goes on f key -RRB- and ta -LRB- goes on j key -RRB- shorter to avoid the ridge on the keyboard which was preventing a complete seal . Good price .
 They sent it really fast . after I made my order they sent me a nice postcard too.I like it since I did n't have to pay for the shipment , so ultimately it is cheaper than the rest offers on Amazon .
 These stickers fit just right on my laptop . Easy visability for when typing in arabic . Way better than purchasing separate keyboard !
 loved the decals , they worked well ! there were 2 letters that I was n't sure where to place on a laptop keyboard , since it 's smaller than a regular keyboard for a CPU , but overall , they look great and have not peeled off .
 I was very excited when I opened the package at the length of the charging cord . Since I knew I would not need such a long cord for my home or car , I immediately changed the cord I had in my office , now I have plenty of length left to place my Zune on my desk when it is charging . WTG , love it .
 Low cost for a device that works . I have only used the AC plug but it charges my device just as well as the expensive charger .
 The part that plugs into the zune is a little flimsy , but everything works I have had it for a month and have n't had a problem .
 I received the package 3 days after placeing my order which was fantastic . When I opened the box I found 3 seperately packaged items . A usb cord , and usb car adapter and an usb wall adapter . Each adapter is made of a low end plastic that is about the only draw back . -LRB- IF it even is a drawback , personally i dont care -RRB- The cord seems to be of a descent quality . Its not that real thin wire that snaps off at the plug . All in all you are not going to beat this deal anywhere else . Its damn good quality considering the price .
 This product is awesome ! it is very convenient i can charge my zune practically anywhere ! The seller is top notch as well really took care of me !
 This was very nice because it was cheap . The only thing that does n't charge well is the wall charger , it has a mind of its own . I am happy with the product .
 The only downside which is n't an issue with the product but moreso with the zune is if you leave the Zune hooked to the charger in your car it will stay on . The only way to turn it off is to unhook it from the charger first and then turn it off . I like to keep my Zune in my car plugged into the mp3 jack but I find it a nuisance to have to unhook mp3 plug from the Zune first in order to push the two side buttons to unhook the charger and then plug the mp3 cord back into the Zune . That 's just a design flaw with the Zune not necessarily the charger itself .
 I read a review that said this would work on the 120GB Zune so I took a chance and bought it . It works perfectly with my 120GB . It is very inexpensive and works perfectly . While you 're not using the cord , it coils up on its own which makes it really easy to store or take with you . I 've had this for several months now and it still works like the first day I got it . For the money , you really ca n't beat it . It 's about 100 times less expensive than any charger you 'll find on the Zune website or anything .
 I love that i do n't to worry about all the extra cables . If i want to charge my zune i can either use it for my car or at home . It 's perfect . Works great and charges quick . Highly recommended .
 The product is well worth the price . It works fine for all your needs , whether it is charging the Zune through the computer , the wall , or the car . It syncs fine with the Zune marketplace . In addition if you need to charge your iPhone or other USB chargeable device it is adaptable to work with those to . Bottom Line . Get it .
 Bought it for my co-worker and he was very happy with the price and the product . No problems here . He recommended it to his friends also .
 Bought this from Ambitronic . It shipped pretty fast and there were n't any issues with packaging . So far I 've only been using the cord and the wall plug at work to charge my Zune , and they work just as well as the OEM plug I had . I have yet to have tried the car charger , will update if/when I try it out . Overall not a bad value for the price .
 works just fine for me . Was cheap and arrived when they said it would . was a bit skeptical with the price but after trying it out it just works
 Everything came as pictured and they all work . It 's not the legit pair , obviously , but they still work just as well . Nothing was wrong with this at all .
 Looks the same as the Ipod charger , but for Zune . Great price allows you the freedom to charge anywhere , 120V or 12V . Makes life a little easier .
 Do n't be nervous about buying this ... it works great . I lost the sync cable and car adapter so I 'm buying another
 It is nice to still be able to get accessories for my Zune , since they do n't make Zune anymore . Good deal and quick shipment .
 I use the cord and adapters all the time for my Zune as well as my phone -LRB- car and wall adapters only -RRB- and they 've been perfect .
 Replacement for my zune cable . works well in the house as well as in the car . If you need an extra or a replacement , this is the one .
 This is an awesome set for the price.The wall adapter feels like cheap plastic , but hey , it does the job and was significantly cheaper than the one I bought at WalMart -LRB- Griffin brand -RRB- for my cell phone . It does feel sturdy , but not fancy , pretty plastic . It 's just a box with a usb port which is a plus since you can use it to charge your phone , Zune , iPod , anything really.My usb cable fits perfect in the zune ; not too loose , not too tight . It feels the like the same construction -LRB- in terms of durability -RRB- that my OEM Zune one was . I lost it , however , and do n't have it on hand to compare side-by-side . The cable fit well into the computer and the wall adapter , too . For me the cable was the piece I really needed -LRB- already had the other two on hand , but without the cable they - obviously - wo n't work -RRB- and it meets my expectations so far.I have n't tried the car adapter yet so I can not review it . I will note , though , that it , like the wall adapter , has a usb port so you can charge anything with a usb cable . Would be super handy for long trips when the GPS/cell phone hybrid and the MP3 player are necessary . : -RRB- It charged my Zune -LRB- 120gb -RRB- fully via the wall adapter and also connected to the computer and software without a hitch.I also want to note , the product details say it is only for a 30gb Zune , but it works perfect on my 120gb . I do n't have a 30gb , so I could be wrong , but I am pretty sure they are the same Zune except for harddrive size.No complaints so far . I only received it today , however , and will edit my review if any issues arise .
 The Charger was well made and came on time and even though it was plastic it was heavy and met all the requirements that I needed
 thanks it works well had to go on here BC Walmart and radio sack did not have it i got it fast every thing that come with it works and i can see my self buying another if this one brakes i have to meany kids that love to break things
 This chargers worked great for me no problems at all . Very helpful when your at home and away from home .
 The product was exactly as described and was shipped very promptly . so far , it functions perfectly . i would gladly do business again .
 I received my order promptly . It was as it showed in the picture and everything works great . Good quality and a great value for the price .
 I was hoping I would n't have to spend to too much $ $ $ keeping my zune player charged up and play it for an all day long drive when traveling , so this kit does the job !
 Shipping was rather quick it arrived 3 days before schedule . Its great because its actually three chargers in one . A usb cord for the computer then a wall charger and finally a car charger . Its definitely worth the price . 5 star rating from me !
 Both chargers work well , they are slower to charge than conventional chargers because they are USB chargers.They seem well constructed compared to some of the other junk out there .
 product was very good . It was everything as advertised to be . Recommend to anyone who needs an item of this nature .
 this product is well worth the price , i do n't have to worry about charging my zune through the computer , i can charge it in my car or at home .
 Used the Car charger on one trip , and will be using it again for my next trip next month . It is nice not having to carry batteries , or spend hours searching for a radio channel on those long trips .
 This was a good deal in my eyes , the price was great and works greats too . My only problem with it is it seems really cheap like I drop it in a tile floor and its gone , but I take care of my stuff so I 'm sure ill have it for a long time to come !
 perfect wall charger and car charger i use the car charger or everything that has usb now . great buy for a cheap price
 It 's nice to have the 2 adapters and the usb cord separate so we can just use that to hook it up to the computer and not have bunch of extra cord lying around . It 's definitely that way to go . Ca n't say as much for the Zune itself ... rather have an ipod but it works well for my daughter for now , I guess . Shipped quickly and was a great price .
 So glad I found what I needed on here . This fit perfectly with no issue . Would reccomend this to a friend !
 The quality of this cable seems higher than the original one that came with the Zune . It seems more sturdier . It came very quickly , like in 1 day . Coo !
 Do n't know how it works because I bought it for somebody . Never heard from them so it either works as it should or it does n't hence the missing feedback .
 Man , this is just what I needed and a great price . This was close to $ 40 at Wal-Mart in my rural community , but this kit was under $ 10 including shipping . The wires on my old charger were fraying , I think this will be more sturdy . It feels thicker and it does not have the retractable unit in the center which is space saving , but I tend to wear out and break . The new kit works at home or in the car , the USB connection is firm and does n't slip out , my Zune charges well and does n't show a message that it is not working . Love it and enjoy the great service .
 Excellent kit ... comes with everything you will need as a zune owner without paying microsoft 's insanely high prices for acessories ... fairly well built I have n't had anything break on me yet.Good buy
 I received this product rather quickly . Previous reviews indicated that the construction was `` you get what you pay for '' . I as actually very happy with my purchase . I wasnt really interested in purchasing a high-end adapter as I wasnt sure if there was an issue with the Zune player or connections . At any rate , I will purchase a back-up cable from this seller . Thank you !
 It looks a bit ugly but who cares . If you 're looking for a cheap replacement Zune charger get this .
 I am pleased with product however , I have n't tried out the sound quality in my vehicle . I 'm sure it will be of `` OK quality '' when I do .
 I was surprised to find out how soon it got to me ! The price was just right no complaints there but just wish that it was made just a little better !
 The zune charger that I ordered works great !!!! The process was easy and it was delivered in a timely matter . Thanks !!!!
 Only minor complaint is that the Zune Device itself may pick up some hum when placed too close to the charger -- but it does not have to be more than a couple of feet away to avoid this .
 Well , basically you get what you pay for ! Ca n't expect much with this cheap and nice charging solution comes with both travel and car charger adapter , and also a usb cable . You can choose to charge using your pc or laptop using the usb cable .
 This was a fast shipping only about a week , I have n't had any problems with it , and i 've had it for over 2 months now . Its really good for when your taking long car rides and your batteries about to die , the car charger comes in handy , the only problem I really had with it was you have to wiggle the car charger the right way for it to work , and for the wall plug that beaming LED red light when you walk by it , The items were smaller than in the picture , it was a lot better than I expected reading the other reviews , I 'm glad I bought it .
 Received product in a very timely manner and before Christmas too !!! Very satisfied with my order , thank you very much !!!
 I appreciated the availability of the item and being able to have it offered in a package deal . All the details were there prior to purchase for me to make an informed decision about my purchase . Items came in a timely fashion as expected . Items arrived in great condition as stated !
 Got a little longer than expected . Good price , however the product quality was a little too low . Overall , satisfied with the purchase .
 I found this item to be the best thing -LRB- as far as valuve -RRB- that I 've bought in a long time . When buying this type of product again I will look for this seller . GREAT C/S .
 pretty cheap for off brand . works good . had it for about a month and no problems . you get what you pay for .
 When I recieved the Zune charger it work but sometimes when i try to get the computer to read my Zune it will sometimes take it . It will say `` USB Malfunction '' . I only wanted to for the charge which is still a good buy .
 My friend lost her charger and this was perfect ! thanks It fit in the charging port and charged really well . It really is perfect
 i like it i got it for my zune 8gb it came fast id give it a 10.0 rating if i culd
 love the item , glad I purchesed it would order again . fast and reliable service and it was excatly what i needed
 Good . Works ok . Arrived on time ...
 My roommate found his Zune and could n't find the charging/sync cable . I found this for really cheap and decided to order it . I 've had no problems with it and would definitely recommend it .
 My charger was shipped quickly , arrived well packaged , and I am extremely satisfied - the charger pack is perhaps of better quality than the OEM parts , and vastly cheaper - would buy again !
 I purchase this charger for my 30GB Zune and it work perfectly . For the price of $ 0.95 + Shipping & Handling $ 4.99 what more can you ask for ? Great product I would recommend to anyone looking for the freedom to charge his or her Zune anywhere , 120V or 12V .5 Great Books in 1
 like the other reviews said the charger pieces are smaller than the picture shows , the cord feels sturdy the only con would be that the led light on the wall charger stays on as long as it is plugged in , well worth the money .
 I just received this a few days ago , and when opening the package I was a little surprised at what I saw . The car charger was actually a little smaller than the one pictured , which is great because I always seem to have trouble finding a product that fits well in my lighter socket . So if the car charger looks too bulky for you , you may get one smaller than the one pictured.The zune USB cable has a better feeling of quality than my original OEM cable . Both sides have nice molded plugs with a much better strain relief than the cheesy rubber tube on the original zune cable . The only problem is the first couple times I plugged in the zune end , it was a bit stiff to get back out . Slightly bending the plug down solves this.The wall charger was also much smaller than the one pictured and has an extremely cheap feel to it . Also the red light on the plug stays on whether the USB is plugged in or not.All in all , an absurdly great value for your dollar.Update
 I was a bit skeptical at first when I was looking at this online , because of how little it costs ! I got the product , and it works exactly as described , the cable is very nice , and the adapter plugs are very compact , not bulky at all , and they look nice -LRB- they may look a little cheap though -RRB- But I have had no problems with them as of yet . The only con I have seen -LRB- if you even want to consider it a con -RRB- is that the red light on the wall charger stays on all the time , not just when you have your Zune plugged into it . It 's an amazing product considering the price .
 Ordered mine from bargaincell , comes with 1 USB wall adapter , 1 USB car adapter , and 1 USB cable for Zune . All 3 of these products work well.I needed one of these because I listen to my Zune on a daily basis and the only way I could charge it was plug it in to my computer , and I do not leave my computer on at night . I do n't use the car adapter very often , but it works . Thanks Bargaincell ! Great seller , would -LRB- and most likely will -RRB- buy from them again.P.S . I have a Zune 30GB , not one of the new ones.P.S.S Bargaincell 's Sync-N-Charge kit is white , not black , but it makes no difference .
 The products work just fine but the picture of the product is not what I received in my package . I did not get a long usb cable . Instead I received a cable that you pull from either end to expand and retract -LRB- similar to what you 'd find attached to a mini-mouse -RRB- I did not receive a wall unit and car unit for the usb to plug into , instead I got a regular car charger and wall unit . They all work just find but the pic was deceptive .
 Everything in package works as expected , great price , even with a small shipping snafu that was taken care immediately . very pleasant experience , would purchase through this company again and recommend others to do so also
 i lost my original one ... i have been looking for a new one . best buy have it for $ 19.99 . at amazon for a little bit of money i got wall charger , car charger and sync cable !!! that 's greate to have you guys !!!
 I have a 120gig zune and these work great for it . Items do exactly what they say they do.Just so you know though , the sync cable that comes with this set is not as long as the sync cable the came with your zune . Since I use this a lot when I travel , I dont like have longing cables so I prefer it , but if length is an issue to you keep that in mind .
 Great charger for the Zune , I Love it cuz Now I get my computer back , my son can charge his Zune in his room & I 'm getting to use My computer -LRB- he used its usb to charge his Zune -RRB- Works Great , Does its job . Yea , Def ` Recommend !!!
 I bought this charger as a compliment to the USB charger that came with my Zune player . It works just fine I can also charge my phone with the car and wall adapters because I have the USB cord for it ... It 's perfect .
 Works as described , product works great , cheaper this way then just the cable for the Zune if you get the microsoft brand . thanks !
 I have absolutly nothing bad to say about this product . I now have a car charger , home wall charger and another cable for my Zune . Works perfectly , and love it ! Highly Reccommend it !
 We are so accustomed by high prices for such simple accessories that when I came across this sweet three piece deal at Amazon , I was not sure what to expect from it . When it arrived , I pleasantly found the cable and chargers are very well made . The chargers charge my Zune just like the original one and the data cable connects it to my laptop perfectly . I am using this many months now without any issues .
 This unit was just what we need to keep our Zune charged at home and on the go . The cord is a good length and we have never had any problems out of the unit . This was purchased over a year ago . It works with all items that use USB for charging .
 Thank you BargainCell and Amazon !!! BargainCell is the Co. . I ordered this product with . When I did n't recieve my shipment on time I called BargainCell and spoke to a very nice employee , they sent out another complete order right away ! I could n't be happier with this company . Amazon also was very helpful finding me the phone number and politely instructing me in my situtation . Honorable companies for sure . God bless you both .
 Nothing fancy but that 's usually the best measure of a successful purchase . It may not last for an eternity but seems more than adequate & should last as long as the MP3 player . And for the price , it is well worth it .
 Cables worked fine with Zune 4 GB , no problem . BUT , the Zune died!If you need cables for your Zune , save yourself 15.00 or so by not paying for a logo . They work great .
 The USB cable seems to be pretty well-made , but the car and A/C adapters feel a little flimsy to me . Had some trouble with getting the A/C adapter to work , but worked fine when I gave it a little force making the commection . All in all , it 's actually pretty decent for what I paid .
 At first I was unsure of this product since it was so inexpensive . But I thought what the heck ? I was greatly surprised . It does the job perfectly . I have nothing negative to say about my Zune chargers . Thanks !
 So we got a charger for our zune @ best buy . For some oddly reason it didnt work after 24 hours or so . I happen to look on amazon.com and came across this zune charger . I love it !! Funny thing is I spent not even 5 bucks here , where as best buy 30 dollars . Sucks it dont work in my truck . But thats only cuz the auxilary is out . -LRB- has nothing to do with the item -RRB-
 Just what I needed for my Zune and even a little extra for the perfect price !
 If your hesitating about buying something from them ... do n't . They are great , the shipping was quick , I got what I wanted ... everyone was happy ... especially me . BUY with TRUST .
 Works as advertised . A bargain . Had it many months now and it has n't fallen apart .
 The car charger works fine but i seem to be having minor problems with the wall charger while charging the zune player but not with other products . Since its a wall usb charger i can charge other stuff like my ipod and gps as well so that is a plus.The USB chord for the zune player works fine with the 30gb zune player and it charges fine from the computer.I got mine from crazy on digital and paid something like 7 bucks with shipping and i think it was a good deal .
 Had lost my recharging cords . Went on here and found what i needed and got it . It has worked sofarVery happy with it . .
 Such a great price for so many things ! All I had needed was a house charger because my charger was messed up . The car charger saved my musical experience so it would n't die on me . Yay = -RRB-
 This was exactly what I expected and the price was right . It arrived promptly and works well . I listen to my Zune during my commute through my car and now I do n't have to worry about running out of charge .
 I recently purchased this item and the product I received was slightly different than as pictured . I received a computer connection cord , seperate car charger that is corded , and seperate wall charger which is corded . The picture shows interchanging the cord between chargers , this is not the case . I think I like what I received better than what I thought I was purchasing , so all works out in the end . Also had timely shipping !
 The adapter that plugs into the power outlet fell apart just a few days of having it . I was able to pop it back together real quick . Other than that , the charger is not bad for what I paid for it .
 It 's cheap and it works . I can ask for much more . I should note that car charger also works with my phone -LRB- LG Optimus V -RRB- , so that saves even more money . The build quality is poor , but really what would you expect ?
 My husband was thrilled with all the ZUNE accessories he got . Everything was easily hooked up and worked well . We are very happy that we can finally find accessories for his Zune since they are generally difficult to locate .
 Good product . Worked right away . I listen to my Zune every day at work and the cord is what is . I have n't had any issues at this time although I 've only used a few times . Have not tested the charger plug for the car or wall outlet but both seem just fine in construction . No loose parts and does n't seem junky like some cheap crap I 've seen sold in stores . Good replacement if you need one .
 Worked good and was what i needed . it took a while to get here but was in no hurry for it .
 I have purchased this type of plug in adaptor chargers before and have been disappointed , I read the previous previews of the equipment and was greatly interested in the product . I have had no problems and has been nice to not have to have 2 cords to deal with . It works great , I love it !!
 I Love it , and I use it every day . I use it in the car so i am never without my favorite music !
 let 's face it . for the overall cost - about $ 6 including shipping , this was n't going to break anyone 's bank book . i read the horror stories - from them not working , to causing a ` whine ' in the car stereo if used in the car when it was plugged in , not allowing data transfer between the Zune and the PC ... . i primary wanted a USB 're - charger ' for the car , and a spare home charger . i am fortunate that all of my MP3 devices do n't ` have ' to be hooked up to the computer to ` charge ' , but just wanted them for a spare.imagine my surprise when i got them , and they all performed flawlessly ! i can use the cable to transfer directly between the PC and Zune with no issues . i can use both the home charger and 12VDC lighter plug charger to charge the zune with no issues , and provide power to the device while in use -LRB- i will admit i had to hack the zune to enable this function -RRB- . on long road trips , my daughter can plug her zune into the lighter , and listen for hours on end , and the internal battery remains fully charged when she disconnects it . NO ` WHINE ' at all when listening to the zune while plugged into the car , no whine when plugging the zune into the car radio and listening to your playlists than the same stale music you hear on each station.in a word
 it was shipped promptly and it was at a great price . it has really come in handy to have a second charger for my phone as well
 this item was a great buy you get everything you need for a low price , everything works great on them , it was a great buy
 I ordered the zune charger combo . It works wonderfully . Charges super fast . Data registers and loads to Zune perfectly . Great buy
 Good extra cords to have at a good value . It did n't cost a great deal to have the extra cords on hand for when they loose one .
 We tried to purchase a similar item in stores and the cost was $ 30 . Could not pass up this great value . Excellent product description made it easy to know we were choosing the correct product we needed . Works well
 I bought this item for my daughter and she takes it wherever she goes so she will always have her zune charged.shipping was fast and the product is working great .
 What can I say ? It came quickly and it was cheap . Does what its supposed to do . I would buy it again .
 I was thrilled when I found this charger . My previous one broke and there were n't any in stock at Best Buy . The price is also a fraction of what I would have paid which is another plus .
 I traveled to Guatemala City and left my charger there , and have n't been able to find one ... Seems like the stores stopped carrying items for the zune . When I first saw this product i had doubts and I really was n't expecting much ; But when I received my order I was surprised to see that it not only works as described but it 's made of good quality . and for the price you ca n't beat it . I would highly recommend this product .
 Exactly what I wanted ! Product delivered as shown . Pretty light weight , but hey , I paid about 4 bucks for it
 Do n't know what to say , you get what you purchase here . It 's simple but it works just fine , no complaints .
 I missed placed my charger for my Zune player and after looking on line I found this merchant , it was easy to order , products came quickly , as ordered good quality and I will do business with this company again . Thank You
 This thing charges the headset appropriately . The headset needs this thing entirely too often.The reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 is because the cord is n't really conducive to actually having it plugged in while its in your ear.If your headset needs charging as much as mine you may often find yourself wishing -LRB- but not prefering -RRB- to use the headset with this thing actually plugged in while youre using it.The cord on this thing is one of the spiral type stretch cords , but its still to short -LRB- and kinda heavy -RRB- to really use it comfortably with the headset in your ear .
 I had to return the first delivery of this item because the package stated that it was only good for certain earpieces , but not mine.Then I found another at one of your outside vendors that did work with my model so I reordered . When I received the new one it was exactly the same but had sticker on it stating several other earpieces models that would work with it ... including mine.My needless return of the first item was handled very well by your return department.Thanks for listening , Bob Sawyer
 Purchased the car charger for my wireless headset . I did not cost alot and works fine . I now have a charger for both cars .
 Recharging the cell phone headset in the car is great . Charging is very fast . This is a great convenience , very well priced .
 The item -LRB- for WHAT it is -RRB- is Perfect . Well made , and does what it says.The issue is there are different physical connectors in the DVI ` family ' . There is DVI-I and DVI-D , for example.If you look closely at the image , the pin area can only have one area with no pins . Some DVI have pins | blank | Pins - This is Pins and - -LRB- horizontal blade -RRB- . IT will NOT work if you have the | blank | part between the pins.Don ' t blame the maker for a the different types of DVI connectors .
 Splits my dvi into 2 outputs . 1 to monitor and 1 to LCD TV . However , with one unplugged there 's static/noise on the other screen . It 's no biggie . Otherwise both output simultaneously just fine . For the money it did what I want it to do .
 Bought this for my Macbook Pro to try it out . Works awesome ! Got me 2 monitors , and they 're both working!So yes , that means I have 3 screens ... . right side monitor , middle laptop screen , left side monitor.Loving it .
 Works perfectly for our applications -LRB- a professional studio environment -RRB- . Good design/construction , built to last . I would recommend this product -LRB- though you must have a suitable video card -RRB- .
 I love this cool looking i-skin . I tend to drop things often . This is the perfect protection for my ipod mini . It has nice grips on the side , as well as protection for the screen and click wheel . It also has little holes in the back , so it does n't overheat . However , I do have a hard time to shut it off , sometimes , because of the clickwheel cover . But as far as sliding your finger on the click wheel , that works fine . The cover is very thin .
 An excellent product . Cool looking -LRB- including the cover for the scroll wheel that still allows the scroll wheel to work properly -RRB- and it does a great job of protecting the ipod . This is better quality and nicer looking than any of the skins sold at the retail stores -LRB- CompUSA and others -RRB- . Highly recommended .
 Sound is very good for the price , especially after replacing the worthless speaker wires with some decent 12 gauge ones . The sound difference is very audible.Pros : Great price.HDMI upconversion looks very nice.Good sound for the price -LRB- after swapping out in box wires with 12 gauge -RRB- . Headphone output.Thin design considering 5 disc changer.Neutral : USB support for music / video play back . It has a bit of problem with skipping if the usb device is fairly large . I dedicated 8 gigs of my creative zen vision : m towards usb drive and it will often skip while playing divx files off it unless I change the capacity to ~ 1 gig.Cons : Minimalistic inputs and outputs . If you have the cash , buy a decent receiver and build up your own system . This system completely lacks flexibility . My solution for the lack of audio inputs was to purchase a toslink switch.Disc swapping is very slow.Horrible remote -LRB- this is n't too big of a problem if you have a decent universal remote -RRB- . Edit : Update
 This is wonderful . The picture quality is amazing and the sound ... oh the sound . The range is fairly good and the highs are bright and crisp . For an overall system this is just right . The ease of installation and the remarkable sound makes this theater system a great deal . I would recommned this to every one who wants a cut above the average .
 Pros : High power and good sound clarity . Note
 My wife is a musician and has an excellent ear for sound . We listened to several systems before finally settling on this one . This system has the best sound in its price range .
 I bought this system because of the power handling , but did n't know what to expect sound-wise . I have to say this is one of the best systems I have heard in a long time . My mother has the bose 6.1 system and I ca n't tell the difference between hers and this , besides the fact that this system is 1/3 the cost of a bose system .
 I just bought this system for Christmas . Hooked it all up yesterday morning . Pretty straight forward and easy to do . First reaction was , that the speakers were larger than I had thought when I saw them on display at Best Buy . But I just decided to use the stands for the rear ones instead of placing them on a shelf behind the couch . Will probably give me better coverage throughout the room anyway.The sound is great , listened to a CD , some FM radio , then watched some TV , Tivo , and a DVD . The first strange thing I noticed was that when switching between radio , CD , DVD , Tivo , and TV I had to increase the volume respectively to get the same sound output . So when switching from TV back to radio or CD I have to make sure to lower the volume a lot first , otherwise the music will come through suddenly blaringly loud.I also found that after I calibrated the speaker delays for there distance from my optimal viewing spot , when watching TV and trying Stadium surround sound setting , the sound came through delayed . But I do n't think Stadium setting is suppose to be for Movie or TV watching anyway , so that is probably how it should be.Watching the DVD connected through Monster HDMI cable -LRB- not included -RRB- on my HD TV was aweseome ! The picture was so clear and crisp , it was a computer animation film , those look best on my TV . The sound with the surround sound on Dolby Digital , was fenominal ! One point had a rumbling train pulling up and it rumbled the room so much I paused the movie to make sure it was n't coming from outside the house . Sweet!Remote is not a replacement for any of mine , just another one for the collection . Only controls the basic functions of my TV and wo n't do anything for my Tivo or Xbox of course . But then again , now with this player , I probably wo n't ever use my Xbox as a DVD player again , so that remote will probably go into storage.Great system overall so far , I am happy with my purchase . Just need to get some more speaker wire so I can reach the wires around the room to the rear speakers instead of across the floor .
 Sound is very good for the price , especially after replacing the speaker wires with some decent 16 gauge ones . The sound difference is very audible . Instruction manuel is very difficult to follow.Great system overall so far , I am happy with my purchase .
 You ca n't beat the price and free shipping on amazon . I looked ... I really enjoy the sound quality in this system . The subwoofer is fantastic , no distortion with excellent tone at all volume levels . I would wish the speakers were a little beefier , they start to lose sound quality near the 52 + volume range , but that would probably be solved by switching to a 14 guage or better wire , as they only come with 20 guage.Overall it is an excellent sounding system and my recommendation for anyone looking in the $ 300-400 range .
 We received the unit from Amazon after only a couple of days . When I hooked it up , it worked right off - sounds great ! - I thought that the DVD changer would be slow but it is amazingly quick ; I like it better than the carousel kind that I thought I wanted . - DVD played to HDTV is phenomenal ! Clear picture and great sound . We played two non-digital DVDs and then one with Dolby - WOW ! and then I discovered that it was n't even in surround - double WOW when I turned that on . Maybe we 're just easy to please . - lack of outputs is a pain . - the description of the connectors and how to connect is weak ; does n't even describe how to use the HDMI ; does n't describe how the optical input is used in conjunction with the HDMI -LRB- if even needed -RRB- - description of how to set it up is also weak . Like they are afraid to explain anything . Several notes are used to state what it wo n't do , but it was terribly unclear what they meant . - does n't describe how to use the device with other audio and/or video external devices ; nor does it say you ca n't .
 The system is very good for the price . It has HD upconverting DVD player which is n't something you see too easily in HTIBs in this price range . The system is good for a small to medium size room.Negative - The system does n't have an antenna input . It can be okay as a audio receiver but I would not count on it for video inputs . If you have a TV with many video inputs then you are covered .
 When researching home theater systems I found this JVC one to be the best one for the money . The overall quality is good , and the sytem set up was easy as well . It has been a good addition to our home theater system . The only thing I do n't like is that you can connect an MP3 player through the system , except for an IPOD , which is the most popular one out there , and the one I own . It would have been nice to play my Ipod over this , but it 's still a great system .
 I bought this at BJ 's warehouse for $ 330 -LRB- plus tax -RRB- . Nice sound and decent Bass . I like the USB port , HDMI , digital audio input , and 4 floor standing speakers . The manual wasnt that good . Not a lot of inputs , but you cant expect that much for the price . ** update ** As suggested by other reviews , I bought 16 gauge wires ... nice difference in the bass . I also ordered a digital optical audio cable ... I will update once installed .
 I bought this about a year ago , and I loved it . Then I started to realize some things about it . The sound quality from regular TV isnt great , I have to turn the volume way up to hear it . I use all HDMI and optic cables so everything is High Def , but the sound just doesnt sound great when in DBS mode . Also , I am pretty upset that my ipod wont connect to it , but a cheapo mp3 player will . I was under the impression that JVC was high quality but you would think something high quality would be compatible with other high quality things . I gave it a 4 because for a 100 $ home theater system , it works . The dvd clarity is amazing and the sound on dvd is teriffic . I am thinking about upgrading to a blu-ray home theater but until then this will have to work .
 I agree , this is NOT a carring case , it is the best protective case !! I guess they call it a carring case , because if you were taking it out of your car , you would use it , but I use it all the time for storage and when I let someone borrow my Garmin , I love it !!
 The product performed as suggested and according to design . Offers good protection for the GPS unit . Front of case is reinforced to protect the display . Back is softer and zips snuggly to aid in slipping on and off .
 this is the absolute best case for Garmin street pilot . It goes in very easy so when i am rushing out of my car i just pop it into case and toss into my purse . i have bought 4 for family members because they bought the wrong ones that were too bulky adn never used it ... . I LOVE IT !!!!!
 I bought 2 BP-511 batteries for my Canon 40d . It was such a great value I could n't resist . They work great . Highly recommend it !
 I ca n't comment on the other Nova bags , but the Nova 3 has a very rugged strap attachment . It 's a metal D-ring and a metal clasp . Zoom in on the photo and you can see it . Overall , this bag is very well constructed and has lots of adjustable internal dividers to customize it for your equipment . It may be larger than you need for a small camera , but I think it 's just the right size for my DSLR -LRB- Pentax K10D -RRB- plus battery charger , cables , and a short telephoto . There is still room for one or two additional lenses or an external flash . Overall , a good buy .
 Looking for a small bag for your SLR ? Well I 'd suggest a Nova 1 bag instead , as this will be too much for your uses.Looking for a large bag for two or more SLRs ? Well this bag is too small.If you however have a SLR , 2-3 lenses and a flash , it 's just right . I carry my Nikon D70s -LRB- with a battery grip attached -RRB- , 18-70 , 70-300VR , and 50mm lenses as well as a SB600 flash in this bag . Any of the three lenses can be attached , and the other two can go along for the ride . The flash can not fit attached to the camera , but it fits when you disconnect it . I even can throw in the AC adapter , extra batteries , extra compact flash cards , and a memory reader . All of this fits with the top securely zipped shut . The whole setup is a rather large and heavy affair , but it works well as a carry on . It seals well , so it 's very weatherproof as is , but there is a raincoat thats stowed in the bottom that covers it even better -LRB- I do n't think I want to be in a rainstorm that necessitates that -RRB- . The one thing that can be an issue is that this bag is too much if you 're just taking a camera and one lens . I still have a Nova 1 , which serves this function well , and the dividers that came with the Nova 1 came in handy , as this bags allotment was sufficient for most uses , but not mine .
 Do n't let the 4 star rating fool you . This is a really well-constructed camera bag with lots of room for storage , but may be too much for the amateur photographer that may not be carrying multiple lens and several catridges of 35 mmm film . I bought this for my wife to hold her Canon EOS XT and it does a dandy job of it but is really too bulky for traveling . It went with us to Hawaii but was too difficult to carry around when sightseeing and taking pictures -LRB- not to mention having it as a carry-on when flying -RRB- . In it I was carry an extra battery , battery charger , several extra flash cards , and that 's about it . I ended up getting a Lowepro Topload Zoom1 Camera Bag after this bag and it has been fantastic for my needs . It was much easier to travel with and enough room to carry what I needed .
 Initially I was looking for a separate bag for my Nikon D40 and my Panasonic SDR-H18 video cam . I saw a Nova 2AW at the store and I thought it was good enough for both cameras to fit in . But then I have another zoom lens that I need to carry with me . The Nova 3AW is just perfect for my gears . I can fit those three with one more room to spare for another lens . It was really designed for bigger DSLR but I was able to secure the D40 just fine with the included dividers . It 's got plenty of pockets too for extra batteries , chargers and cleaning accessories . There 's also a room for my Elph . The two side pockets are also handy for my cellphone and pocket books or map . There 's also a pocket in the back for other stuff . So basically , here 's what I was able to fit in the bag :1 Nikon D40 w / 55mm attached1 compact video camera1 200mm lens1 digital compact camera3 chargers and cables3 spare batteries for each cameraThe bag is also designed to be used as a waist belt bag but I thought it 's a little big for this purpose . I also like the plastic lock in the front because I can secure the bag without closing the zipper for the cap-like cover . Overall , I am very satisfied with this bag and I highly recommend it to someone wanting to use it for their DSLR and video camera .
 This is my 3rd Lowepro bag and even though it 's small , it maintains the high quality of its larger siblings . I currently fit a Canon 20D with grip , a 28-135 IS , an 80-200 L and a Sigma EF500 Super flash plus all the batteries and cards I need . It took a little work but everything fits , albeit a little tightly . Overall , I can easily recommend this bag !
 Very nice bag . Holds my Canon EOS Rebel , 70-200 mm and 28-75 mm leneses . 3 Lenses filters , charger . It 's a hair bigger than I would like but to hold all my items I needed this size . Very well constructed and has ample padding .
 The bag is pretty cheap , it is large enough for my XSI , kit lens . 55-250mm IS , 50mm 1.8 , and 580ex Flash.I would recommend the bag , although the zip is not very well designed .
 I really like this bag as it is versatile , and allows me quick access to my gear . The bag comes with a number of dividers that you can use to partition the bag to your own liking . There are more than enough of these dividers for almost any configuration -LRB- i.e. you 'll probably have some to spare -RRB- , which is a nice thing.I 'm using this bag configured for a Canon 450D -LRB- with a 17-55 lens attached -RRB- , 2 additional lenses -LRB- a 50mm prime , and a 100mm macro -RRB- , and a flash . There is still enough space left for a couple of 58mm filters in the main compartment . A field lens cleaning kit , additional batteries , and computer interface go in the outside pockets . The bag is high enough to hold Canon lenses of up to 100mm while attached to the camera , but is too small to hold my 70-200mm zoom even if not attached.The bag is designed to be opened from the top , which is really nice , as you can easily access its contents with one hand while holding the camera with the other . During rain , this is a bit of a disadvantage , as water can easily get into the bag while the top is open.Even though you could attach this bag to your belt I have found that it is a bit too heavy to cary it that way when loaded with a camera and three lenses . Luckily , the bag also provides a shoulder strap -LRB- I have use the shoulder strap to carry the weight , and belt leash to keep it in place . It works well that way -RRB- , and has a handle on top so you can pick it up like a normal carry-on . I mostly use the bag slung over the shoulder . With the top open it is sufficiently deep to prevent anything from falling out accidentally during movement , and the top flap , even unzipped , can be brought down to sufficiently close the bag to prevent unwanted access . Although this is a nice feature , it becomes a slight hassle when you quickly need to open the bag blindly or with only one hand to change the lens or filter.The bag 's outside walls sport nice padding -LRB- which , importantly , extends to the bottom , so you can safely store the camera with lens attached , lens facing down -RRB- . The top opens after you first release a clasp , and then open a zipper that runs all the ay around , and provides a convenient seal against light environment . Should the rain become too hard , the bag also provides a poncho you can drag from the bottom over the whole bag while still allowing relatively easy access.I like the fact that all clasps -LRB- except the front flap lock -RRB- and zippers are made from metal , making the whole package very rugged . Revealing just how much design went into this is the small leather flap that hides the metal of the inside zipper to protect your camera and lenses from contact with it.After some unsuccessful rummaging with one hand during shooting trying to find a particular filter I have realized that this bag is simply too big to be used that way . Initially I tried to place the filters in the -LRB- nice -RRB- elastic webs that are on the outside of the bag , but that simply never felt right . I now have a separate small quick-access belt pouch -LRB- from Op/Tech -RRB- that holds my filters , and use the bag itself only for the camera and lenses . That way I can quickly access filters and lenses with a minim of hassle.All in all I 'm very satisfied with this bag , and can recommend it to anyone with a DSLR and more than one lens . The only thing I wish this bag had were lashes to strap on a small tripod .
 This bag is a great value for the price ! It holds all my camera gear with room to spare . On a recent trip to the far east I was caught in a rain storm - the camera bag 's built in rain cover worked perfectly ! The quality and workmanship are superb .
 Great camera bag holds everything I need to take photos plus . Would recommended to anyone who carries cameras and lenses .
 The bag is bigger than what I expected but overall it is good for people who have a lot of kit tools and lens . I put one camera , two lens -LRB- one zoom len and one kit len -RRB- , and some basic tool kits . This bag is just too big for me to carry around.It is also pretty secured for carrying the camera for one place to the other , but it is not an active photographer friendly bag . It takes time to unlock , and then unzip the bag . If you want to use the bag as your on duty bag , this might not be a right bag for you , but if you need a bag to carry your camera from one place to another , this is the perfect bag for you .
 I try to visit the local State Surplus Outlet as often as I can and one day I found a LowePro Nova 3 camera bag in almost unused condition ... for $ 5.00 ! I snatched it up so quick my friend who goes with me thought that I had found the Crown Jewels inside . As luck would have it there were a few 52mm filters inside , a roll of exposed film and a few more items . I still have n't developed the roll of film but suspect it is from a photography student attending one of the state sponsored colleges . I will take it to Wal-Mart this week and see just what the student shot.Anyway I had just ordered the Nikon D3100 two lens kit so when it arrived it fit perfectly , with room to spare . By the way the filter size on the two lenses is 52mm , imagine that ! Construction is excellent , all dividers were in place and works quite well with my Nikon . I still have room for one more lens if I choose to buy one . It has plenty of padding for good protection , pocket for a manual , and a pouch for filters and such . Inside there is a small zipper pouch on the lid that can be used for memory cards though I doubt I will need extras with the Sandisk 32gig -LRB- 10 -RRB- card I bought on Ebay after ordering the camera . The snap system makes it almost impossible to dump your prized camera on the ground when opening.The outer surface is really dirt and dust resistant and for the worst of it a damp rag brings it back to like new condition . I could n't ask for more for my Nikon outfit . I have owned several camera bags over the years , -LRB- 30 + -RRB- and this one tops them all . It would have been nice to have a couple of straps for a tripod . Thants my only complaint , but for $ 5 who is going to worry about that ! Thanks Surplus Outlet for a super buy !
 The Nova 3 is the second Lowepro product I have purchased and , once again , I am very pleased . -LRB- I also own a Lowepro backpack -RRB- The Nova 3 is well constructed , has moveable internal dividers , includes heavy duty zippers and hardware and has a very classy appearance . I can carry my Nikon DSL camera and three lenses , -LRB- 70-300 , 50 and 28-200 -RRB- as well as an extra battery , SD cards , lens filters , notebook and pen and lens cleaning supplies . I especially like the comfortable shoulder strap design and can count on the bag not slipping from my shoulder . This is a top-notch product , offered at a reasonable price and affords me the knowledge that my camera equipment is safely stored .
 Good product and I cna hold my Canon 50D with one extra lens , external flash , cable , charger , and lens hoods into this bag
 This product is great with my D700 and my D200 combined . It holds both bodies , and is tall enough to support both of these with the battery grip included . There is also enough room for my Nikon 20mm/2 .8 , Nikon 18/55 -LRB- these two have to be stacked on top of each other , a divider is provided -RRB- , and my Nikon 70-300 . I can also throw my Speedlight SB-800 on top . There is great room in the front or sides to put all of the memory cards you want.Overall , great product . A little too much though for just one camera and one lens . Go for something smaller if you are n't carrying several bodies and lenses .
 I bought this bag because my new DSLR was far too big for my old camera case . The Lowepro name comes highly recommended among people I know who are serious about their photography and photography gear , so I was happy to find a great price on one second-hand at Amazon.Having used it for two weeks now , I can say I would be just as happy if I had paid full price . There are numerous compartments for every sort of photography gadget , not to mention the customizable main compartment with its velcro dividers . The strap fits over my shoulder quite comfortably even when my bag is loaded down with gear . . and believe me , it can hold a lot of gear . All the zippers and fasteners feel very sturdy and durable , and the zippers operate smoothly . The bag is well padded and I am confident it will protect my camera and lenses as well as any other soft-body case out there.In summary , I think I have found a brand that I plan to stick with as my collection of hobby gear grows .
 This bag is great . I have it stuffed with an XSI with lens , additional telephoto lens , external flash , extra batteries and charger , manuals , memory cards , small cleaning kit , wired and wireless remotes , hand and shoulder straps , etc. . I chose this over a backpack for ease of access when carrying . I can just rotate the bag around , unzip it , and pull the camera out vertically . Nothing spills out . The front pocket is nice that it pivots open in a way that items do n't fall out of it either , even if it 's packed with stuff . Very well contructed .
 I found exactly what I wanted , I am very satisfied with my bag and the price I paid , I received a very good service from the seller that I recommend .
 This is a nice item . I am using it for my Sony A300X and i have three kit lenses . two provided by Sony 18-70 and 55-200 and i have another 70-300mm . till i did not face any problem and i have enough space to accommodate another lenses . But if you have a bigger telephoto lens , plz be advised to buy a bigger one . This is a very compact case and easy to handle . I have not checked the water proof quality of the product but i hope it would have that protection also . I highly recommend this product .
 Really good quality . Big enough for my D200 with 17-55/2 .8 a few more lenses flash and some other staff . But not big enough to wish it smaller : -RRB-
 UPDATE
 Ok , I have been looking for a flat TV for a few weeks now and I finally found it . This sharp is a great TV . It has a stunning picture , good sound , and nice features . The picture when hooked up to HD cable is crystal clear . Not a bunch of pixels like you see on some TV 's . It also has rich vivid colors . Ths sound is good , but better with surround hooked up . It does have SRS and WOW effect and other things to help it out.It also has different picture modes like movies , sports ... etc. and different temp . changes like warm , medium , cool . I did a little research and found that sharp makes some of the best TV 's . So if your looking for a great TV check out the sharp it really is a great TV , and the price was n't too bad either ... Oh and remember this an HDTV and like any other HDTV it only looks stunning with HD cable = -RRB-
 This TV is an exceptional value . Just received this yesterday from B&H and am very pleased . The picture -LRB- especially sports -RRB- is supprisingly good with very little blur , concisidering the contrast ratio and other specs are slightly below many higher end models . Using the component cables , DVDs look to be fantastic , I played Star Wars Episode III and really enjoyed the sound quality and pucture . The remote is easy to use , menus are easy to follow and the set-up was a breeze . I 'm please with the purchase - The stand quality is high and the input jacks are firm . I do n't have a lot of usage experience but based on value , picture quality , sound and harware quality would give this TV a 5/5 .
 I have more Atlona products and I 'm verry satisfied of them . But this product have little bit bloory picture , it is not like other Atlona products . But still it is much better than the other products on the market that I have try .
 great product , I hooked this device up to run three TVs in three different places in our Church , also loved the dvd pass throughcurcuit
 I have a Mustek digital camera and this card works great with it . I previously only had a 128mb Sandisk card but the Axiom card is so much faster . I dont even think Sandisk has a size this large . Anyways , I have had no problems with this and would recommend it to anyone .
 I have n't received the handset yet , but if it works like the 2461 it is going to be supplementing , then it will be an awesome cordless . No complaints so far . I would however suggest getting a hands free headset as the handsets are quite small .
 For the money , this is the best phone system I can think of for home or small business use . The 2431 -LRB- base unit -RRB- has a speakerphone , which makes it two phones in one , as it has the ability to intercom between the base unit and the handheld . Then we bought a 2420 , so we have a 3-point intercom system . As we live in an older home , the intercom and the ability to place a phone where we wanted without running phone cords was important to us , and I spend a lot less time screaming around the house to call the family members . We will purchase two more 2420s in the future , to intercom easily throughout the house . The 2420s run off the base unit , and do n't need a phone line , which is fantastic not to have to pay the phone company to run lines where we want the phones . Also , the VTech handsets each have Caller ID , which is a very handy feature , they show when another handset is in use -LRB- in case you do n't have call-waiting , at least you know when someone is excessively tying up the hone line -RRB- , and the speakerphone on each handset is perhaps my favorite feature . We have eliminated all the corded phones in the house in favor of this system , which has clear connections even outdoors , and two houses away from us . I can send the kids to the neighbors , and can page them from the 2431 via the intercom when they need to come home . Best of all , the original 2431 handset we bought flew off the hot tub in a sudden windstorm , the battery and battery cover landed in the pool -LRB- managed to catch the phone itself -RRB- , and after the battery dried , it still worked ! A minor ding on the antenna did not affect how the unit performed . We are all pleased with the features of this phone .
 I just got three of these phones to use with the VTech 2461 telephone answering machine . They are well worth the money -LRB- especially with the rebate -RRB- . Only two complaints , both of which are not major enough for me to get upset about given the features of this telephone
 I was in severe need of a good cordless phone with a Caller ID Display right on the handset -LRB- which is so conveinent -RRB- . I shopped around in every possible electronics store and found nothing that I liked ... all the phones were ugly and had no good features.I jumped onto Amazon and this phone system popped up I loved it at first for it 's sleek look and then I read more about the phone and immediately ordered it , it was the best thing I did . This phone is excellent it has great features , distance , sound , clarity and it 's lightweight and is a real nice looking phone . It has the Caller ID display right on the handset and the best feature that I love is the Message Waiting . I have home voicemail through my local telephone company and I was never able to tell if I had any messages unless I picked up my phone and dialed into my mailbox . This phone has a green light on the handset and the base that will blink when you have messages and on the display it will read `` Messages Waiting '' ... I love it ! I just ordered the supplemental handset for our bedroom and ca n't wait to get so I can junk my old cordless . If you are thinking buying this phone ... do it !!!!
 Probably the finest cordless phone available . It has everything you could want in a phone . Each handset works as a speaker phone and is clear for both you the called party . One base station can handle 4 seperate phones . Each of the phones can be called individually or as a group .
 The ability to add handsets is one of the best features of the 2420 system . Setting up new handsets is nearly effortless
 This is simply the best telephone that I ever had in my whole life , one year ago I bought the Vtech digital cordless 900 Mhz vt 2960 , but this new model the Vtech 2.4 gyga Hertz is reaaly the best experience that I ever had in cordless high tech Telephones , Do not think twice buying this phone
 All the other good reviews are correct about this phone . The bad ones are just ignorance or special circumstances . I own the base set and 4 extensions and let me add that there is no phone on the market -LRB- I researched for days -RRB- that has every option the vtech does ... Period . Go ahead and look , look at the panasonics etc.-they may have caller id , but not speakerphone too ! It stands on its own without the reciever too , now you can use the speakerphone option while typing or whatever . The tiny battery in these phones hold a charge for a week or more ! The great thing is - the mini charger can be plugged in anywhere-no phone jack required ! This phone operates very much like a cell phone in its size and its ONE BUTTON shortcuts to options such as
 I bought 2 of these to go with my 2431 . They are the best cordless home phones I 've found . Small , handset speakerphone , 4-line display , and much more . Only thing I do n't like is that newer ones do n't have a charge LED . One of mine was apparently manufactured earlier , and the charging cradle has a charge LED . The other one , apparently newer , lacks a charge LED . My only real gripe is there 's a rhythmic ticking on both my accessory handsets . It 's fairly quiet so I can ignore it , but I find it unusual that the handset that came with the 2431 does n't have this clicking at all . Overall , I love the phones though !
 When adding to my base unit VT20-2431 I ran into a few problems by attemping to add the 2420 phone , works with 2431 but not 20-2431 . Too bad I did not catch while at the store , overall phones are great .
 Very happy with the phone , the most features you can get than any other phone out there .
 Very happy with the phone , the most features you can get than any other phone out there .
 This is the absolute best phone that we have ever owned ! We are a multi phone family with four seperate phone lines . We use the VTech phones on our main family line . Great reception indoors and out . Does n't pickup other cordless phone conversations . The handsfree feature that is available on every handset , works great and has clear sound . Caller ID & call waiting ID are important features that this phone offers . I would n't hesitate at all to recommend this phone for personal or business use .
 very nice product . I never got those static sound mentioned by other reviewers . Maybe we got different batches ? : -RRB- It comes with all of the functions more than what you ask for.A + + !!
 Speaker phone feature on the handheld -LRB- not just the base -RRB- is not perfect , but is handy .
 I am pleased to recommend this product . I have used many different cordless phones but this is the best . I like it so much that I have installed it in several other homes with people I know . Can not miss .
 These phones were very nice , and still work after 6 years . Very good feel in hand , and audio quality is good .
 We 've owned these phones -LRB- i.e. , this accessory handset and the base with answering machine -RRB- for two or three years now.Never had any of the problems others have described here , e.g. , `` searching for handset '' or `` buzzing '' or other noise problems . In fact one of the best things about this unit is that you can actually hear the person on the other end quite well.One excellent feature of this system is that the programmed numbers are centrally stored , so you only have to enter them once and they are accessible on all handsets.There was one problem
 I have this set . I actually have the base one with 2 expandables . I love it , works well . I have an apartment with only 1 good jack . So this helps me to have a phone in just about every room . You can even replace them on the others handset with no problems .
 I bought the V Tech phone system over 3 years ago and I am still very happy with it . Great features , great looking phone . I have one in almost every room of my house . If you get the base model then you can expand the system to 4 phones . A really great thing if you have teenagers in your house . It has an intercom system which is a nice convenience too . It is reasonably priced and full of all the features that you could possibly want . A great buy for the money . Finallly , a terrific phone with all the features for the average household . ! Teenagers love it too .
 Needed a phone for an addition to the house that we did not put a phone jack in . There are many phones that can handle this but this phone has all the nice features needed for family and working from home a few days a week . The ability for each handset to be its ' own speakerphone is great . We also utilize the intercom feature for the phones . You can page each phone you have -LRB- 4 is the max -RRB- and the person in the room will hear it ring as if it were a phone call . The digital voice on the answering machine is very easy to understand and the multiple mailbox feature is another nice thing to have -LRB- not needed now , but will in the future -RRB- . Many other features that are handy as well . So far so good .
 I bought this as an extention since my teen is always keeping the other handset in his room ... I bought it right after I bought the phone system which I LOVE , and this is a very nice phone for the money!Only 2 complaints , nothing major but was why I could not give it the 5 stars . # 1
 So ... you must have a full base and handset unit to make this additional handset work . I gave the VT2461 5 stars , because I think it is a great phone with all of the features that I need.A couple of things ... The charger is quite lightweight , so when you set the handset on it , you must do so gingerly , or else you will topple the whole thing . Also , since it is just a handset that is useless without the base -LRB- or if anything happens to the base unit -RRB- , it seems a little spendy . I think the phone itself is great , but I think if you 've already invested in the main base unit , there should be a better break in price on supplemental handsets.Having a supplemental handset is great though - very handy . You do not need a phone jack , just plug it into an electical outlet , and you are set.For the convenience -LRB- plug in anywhere -RRB- , built-in speakerphone and memory -LRB- can read the base unit for stored numbers -RRB- , I give it four stars.Since I think it is a little overpriced for a lightweight piece that is usless if anything happens to your base set , it loses a star .
 As a replacement battery for an older Powerbook , this battery exceeds all of my expectations.I was inclined to write a review within 2 days of getting the battery , but I wanted to give it a few weeks of use before I posted a review . While I 'm not sure about the `` extended life '' feature , my 5 year old original Apple battery was down to about 15 minutes of runtime so it 's hard for me to recall how things were 5 years ago . This replacement battery has my Powerbook in the 3 + hour battery range now - pretty darned good for a 17 '' G4 . The battery is physically identical to the factory battery - the power meter is the same , the dimensions and indentions are the same and the color/finish is quite similar . Included in the adequate packaging were break-in instructions which I closely followed for the first few charges to ensure the battery was properly conditioned.In the end this is a 5 star product in my opinion . It 's comparable to , if not better than , the Apple-branded battery in functionality at a lower price . It 's put the juice back into my ancient Apple !
 For the kind of work I do on the road , the extended life in the truepower battery really helped me out . I went through a few Apple batteries , but the truepower battery outlasted all three of them ! In fact , the 10 percent higher capacity is really noticeable especially when comparing to the OEM batteries . I use one on my PowerBook and I also use a truepower battery on my iBook too ! I even got my mom hooked up on one of these bad boys . totally 5 stars .
 The battery is indistinguishable from the OEM battery it replaces . My old battery was close to 400 charge cycles and would last me maybe 20 minutes on a full charge . The new battery , after a couple of full discharge/full charge conditioning cycles typically gets me a little less than 2 hours to the low charge warning . If one is willing to reduce screen brightness and switch the processor to its energy saving mode , I know the battery would last longer . However , running the processor on energy saving mode also reduces performance , and I noticed that YouTube videos were jerky in this mode . So , in a real world situation , do n't expect hours and hours of use out of a charge . I 'm only slightly disappointed , as I 'm fairly certain that my real world experience with this battery is not far off from most other battery choices out there for the 17 '' Aluminum Powerbook . That 's alot of real estate to light up !
 Super-Capacity Li-ion Battery For Apple M8983 A1057 PowerBook G4 17 M9462 Series series replace 661-2822661-2948 A1039 M8983/A1057 M9326 M8983G/A M9326 M9326G/A MC-G4 / 17 series Ac Laptop Notebook Main Battery -LSB- 5400mAh 9Cells -RSB- `` I 've had my PowerBook G4 now for over 8 years . It has been my companion through thick and thin . I 've installed 1 upgraded hard drive and now need to double that . I love it . It contains most all my music , photos , correspondence , taxes , financial records , book keeping for several groups I 've been associated with as well as a few good shows . I just would n't be who I am without it . This is the real deal . It is nearing time for me to upgrade to the next version to take advantage of faster processor and upgraded software . I just love it ! I would suggest it to anyone and I would buy it all over again if given half a chance . The battery is alright to OK . I had hoped it would last longer but my older machine is a bit of a power hog by today 's energy sipping standards .
 Works fantastic . Follow the direx supplied to the letter & you 'll have no trouble . . not to mention 2 hours of battery life again . Welcome back 17 '' Powerbook !
 5 , 4 , 3 , 2 , 1 So far , OK . Too soon for a fair report .
 I love the fact that this comes with 2 screen protectors -LRB- green and clear -RRB- and a wheel protector that matched the iSkin . The one thing I am worried about is the screen protector is hard plastic and I 'm afraid it might scratch the screen . But you can buy clear sticker-like screen protectors and put that under the plastic one which should prevent that . But it is a great product thus far and makes my iPod stand out !!
 I 've used this countless times running and it is very easy to change volume , stations without as much as a glance . Extremely comfortable and the headphones that come with it stay perfectly positioned in your ear for maximum audio output due to the design . Plenty of power ! Deep bass sound with excellent treble , Hi-fidelity for sure !
 I disagree strongly with the review by R. Crawford . This radio is designed well for activity use . The 10 presets are easy to preset , and thereafter you need never look at the radio for on/off , volume , or station change . No hands operation is easy . You can feel the glass display front , and the headphone input at the top . On/off is on the left of the headphone input , the volume + and - buttons two raised bumps above the smooth easily felt display screen . The big bump below the display screen cycles you through the 10 presets . Once you 're familiar with it , you can operate it one handed never taking it out of your pocket.It is very compact . The rounded shape makes it comfortable in your pocket . I like the headset design , with a stiff band from ears to the back of your neck and then the cord down your back to either a front or back pocket , or the included armband . It keeps the cord out of the way allowing full use of arms without the wire getting in the way.I 've had this radio since I bought it for a hospital stay almost 5 yrs ago , I 've been recommending it to others since then . It 's great for walking the dog , or biking.I love the simplicity of the design of this thing .
 This cable seems to charge my c530 faster than leaving the computer cable attached . It also enables me to work with the instrument as it is charging . Although the c530 is not listed as one of the models covered , the cable does work with it .
 It 's very convenient to charge my 550C Street Pilot in my home and not have the cigarette lighter adapter hanging down when I want to disconnect the unit to leave the car , and take it with me , The only problem that I have is that my unit does n't seen to stay charged by itself for more than an hour , not the 8 hours that I had expected . Also , I do n't know how long it actually takes to charge it fully with this A/C adapter . I got tired of waiting on hold for over 25 minutes to talk to a Garmin rep and finally hung up . I do carry the cigarette lighter adapter with me just in case .
 This charger is just what I needed for my Garmin Street Pilot c550 . I was tired of turning on my computer just to charge the GPS after a long drive . This just plugs into the power socket and charges the device very quickly . You can also use the device while it is charging . One month old and I 'm very happy with it .
 Helpful to have StreetPilot charged up , bought for our daughter so she & her friends could use her Garmin StreetPilot ready to go in any of their cars without needing the battery connection , which is an awkward wire in some cars .
 I wo n't leave home without it ! Easy to use , I do n't know how I lived without it !
 Battery is just like oem at a fraction of the cost however , it took almost a month to get to me . Only reason for 4 star rating is slow delivery .
 Received this item fast and charged it right up . It holds the charge as well and long as our canon battery did when it was new . The price was right too .
 I was skeptical because the price was so low , but the batteries look and work fine . What a deal !
 I got this battery to replace the original on my camera since it was not holding the charge any more . It works just like the original but at a fraction of the price -LRB- original is ~ $ 50 -RRB- .
 The only thing keeping me from giving this five stars is that it is noisy . I will trade a little noise for the speed any day . Compared to the old IDE drive I replaced this DVDRW screams . Make sure you have the SATA cables and a power converter if your motherboard does not have SATA power because it does not come with them .
 Great DVD burner , that I love , especially the price ! The Only reason it got 4 stars was because of the lack of SATA cord , which is not a big grip , look at the price !!
 hi , i alredy have two dvd-rom of this manufacture ona ide interface and the otherone is sata interface , and are excellent dvd-ram .
 This tripod was a must out-west gave me the ability to my a 365 yd . shot with great confidence simple to use a must for stable shooting at long ranges great aid in walking the hills for a little added balance .
 Near 5star performance . The plastic retaining clips should be slightly stronger . Every other element of this product is outstanding . The length adjustment technology is quiet , reliable and quick .
 I just purchased this mp4 player for my almost 9 year old daughter , because she really wanted an Ipod . I was a little skeptical at first because of the low price . I must say I was pleasantly surprised ! This player has all of the features of the more expensive ones , in fact I like it better than the ipod nano because it has many more features , such as video playback , fm radio , voice recorder and games . The reason I did n't give it 5 stars is because the instruction booklet is not detailed enough , in fact it 's not helpful at all . But it 's basically a plug and play setup so it 's not too hard to figure out . Other than that , I this is a great player and well worth the price .
 I bought this monitor in an emergency situation , my old monitor had died . After going to the store and looking at all the flat panel video displays , I thought this one had great quality . Images on the screen are crisp and clear and the color is true . This is truly a plug and play monitor which self adjusts on install . You should n't have to tweak anything , even though there are controls to do so . This monitor can be taken off the stand and mounted on the wall , but the big plus of the stand is that it has a swivel so that you can adjust to any viewing angle without having to move the stand . All the others I 've seen , if you wanted to angle the display , you had to move the stand . It also tilts forward and back , so you can choose your optimum viewing angle . The image on the screen stays clear , even if you are looking at it other than head on .
 Yes , if you are in the store comparing them side by side , the newest 1080p units for $ 800.00 plus or more do look a little better , but not that much . Got it home plugged it in , let it search for channels , in Dallas area we have a dozen or more , it found them all and they all come in perfect . Plugged in my sat rec , dvd player , great picture !! It is really a bargain too , I found it at my local Fry 's for $ 1299.00 . If you have to have the latest spend more . If you want a good all round TV this will do the trick !
 I have been a Sony fan for years . Despite this , I let myself get talked out of buying a Sony HDTV in favor of a 50 inch Panssonic Plasma . Well the plasma picture was great but in short order it became obvious the unit was defective and I returned it . -LRB- see my review on the Panasonic -RRB- So , when faced with the decision again on which TV to buy I went back to Sony . For some reason the sales rep at BB still did not like the Sony . She said if you get right up on top of the TV it has the appearence of looking through a `` screen door '' . Well it 's a 55 inch TV , I am never closer than 8 feet away , and ca n't see what in the world she is talking about . In the store the pic looked just as good as the 1080 TVs sitting next to it.I bought the Sony , got it deliverd and WOW !!!!! Great picture , perfect viewing angles for all the seats in my family room , and it is just plug and play . No worries about burn in or image retention . This is the ultimate TV for watching sports . The picure is wonderful . The included speakers are also pretty darn good , but I do use my Sony Home Theater System now . Also hooked up my Sony Up-Convert DVD player , and Spiderman never looked better!OK , why 4 stars ???? DLP , and other projection styles TVs do not handle the shades of black as well as plasma , plain and simple . No a big deal for sports but a minor issue with movies . This unit does use the XL-2400 bulb , and I have found them online for @ $ 150 . All in all , I love this TV . It was hundreds of dollars less than the 50 inch plasma and I love watching it . I a o glad I bought it !
 This is the 3rd HDTV that I have owned in the past 3 years . The first 2 I 've had were Panasonic 's which did well for their time . I was blown away at the picture quality of this TV for the price I paid . It was on clearance when I purchased it and saved more then 30 % off the street price.The biggest improvement to this technology that I 've seen has been the 3 LCD chips that allow the separation of the color bands . This provides more accurate color reproduction . Also with the auto iris technology that Sony employs in this TV , it vastly improves the contrast ratio of the set.I 've had the set for almost 2 years and have not had to have a bulb replacement -LRB- knock on wood -RRB- . Although buying the 4 year warranty will save me the day the bulb does burn out.Some people have complained about fan noise with these TVs although the noise level is not louder than a fridge or a computer in low power mode . It does not take away from the viewing experience in my opinion.The only complaint I have is the lack of a 3rd HDMI input , but most sets these days I notice do not have more than 2 . It 'd be nice to be able to plug in my Dish Network receiver , Xbox 360 and my upconverting DVD player.I did n't give this 5 stars because I do not feel it is the perfect TV , it is however a GREAT value . On the green side of things it takes less energy than a 40-inch flat-panel LCD .
 We are more than pleased with this SONY 55inch proj TV . I shopped for an LCD and/or plasma TV . . but really got a lot more for my $ $ with this TV . The picture is just great ! . . even better than I had hoped for . The sound is ok for everyday TV watching , . . but to really enjoy movies and concert DVDs . . add a home theater system.BEST OF ALL . . at Sears I got a super deal . . The TV was on sale for $ 1199 . . plus I got another $ 250 off for using a SEARS card -LRB- paid it off the next week . . no interest -RRB- . A few days later I found this TV on sale again for $ 989 . . Called SEARS . . they gave me back $ 210 . . so I ended up buying this TV for $ 739 ... what a deal !
 I have had this TV for several years now -LRB- about5 -RRB- and have not had one problem thus far . I can not speak for others but when i see the picture , it is as clear as day . I do not experience any of the problems mentioned here . In my opinion , best TV I have ever owned .
 I purchased this TV for $ 450 used , so part of me says get over any problems I think it might have . However , the picture does n't appear as clear as a 1080i . Eventhough it accepts 1080i/p HDMI and while its not in your face different , I can still see lines when it comes to items that are white or really clear . I have a 50 inch and I love the 55 inch . Size does matter . Has anyone else noticed the difference . I recently purchased the 60 DLP 3d ready . Funny it does ' t look that different in size . Appreciating the Sony more and more each day . Update July 15 , 2011 ... this is great looking tv in a dark room . Money well spent . My 3d broke down already .
 My brother and I are both installation technicians , he for DirecTV and me for Insight/Time Warner Cable . Between the two of us , we have probably seen every conceivable home theater setup . This system is the best option for the average consumer . It is better than a wall mount because it requires no special tools or expertise , no holes in the wall , no wire fishing , no safety hazard of power cords inside walls -LRB- geek squad will not even fish the power cable through the wall cavity on a wall mount install due to liablility -RRB- and the wires are concealed within the tube mount . The TV does sit up higher , but if you sit far enough away from the TV that should not be a problem . Any AV junkie will tell you that you should sit at least 1.5 times the diagonal measure of your TV away from it -LRB- 75 inches for a 50 inch set , for example -RRB- . If you sit closer than that you should have dropped the ego and bought a smaller set , but I digress.Ever since my brother bought this mount and the SWP60 stand -LRB- I helped him put it all together -RRB- , I am amazed that anyone would buy anything else . A full motion wall mount -LRB- which is the only type of wall mount you should EVER use in my opinion -RRB- costs more than this arm does , and the tech craft furniture it works with is sharp looking to boot . Take it from me , if you want a good looking mount and you are renting , or you do not have the tools , knowledge , or desire to cut open your walls , this is the perfect option for you .
 Very happy with this product looks great . Mount is adjustable for height as well as being able to turn side to side . All wires hide in the mounting arm so you have a clean install . Matching stand is required I believe there are a few different models that go with this stand all are nicely made and look good .
 Howdy!Well , so far it 's been a week with my new toy , and I 've come to appreciate its ' strengths and weaknesses so far . First , I 'll let you know why I got it . I plan on going back to school , and I needed a fairly mobile notebook to use in class and for my schoolwork , as well as light gaming and occasional DVD movies . -LRB- ... -RRB- So , here are the bad points first : Built-in memory/Hard drive - 256MB with XP does n't cut the mustard , and with 32MB taken out of the main system memory for your video card leaves you with a paltry 224MB RAM available . This hurts performance , since the swap file is constantly used , and with a 4,200 RPM drive , it can bog the system down . I recommend an immediate upgrade to at least 512MB RAM on top of the included 256MB . Also , I know that this is a basic system , so 40GB HD space is limited , but 60GB would have been really nice . Wishful thinking , though . ; -RRB- Power adapter - A true brick , over a pound . Yuck.No WiFi - This is somewhat bad and somewhat good , since I was able to get a WiFi PC card that works with my D-Link router to give me double 802.11 g speeds , which is cool . I would n't be able to do that with built-in WiFi . The antennae sticking out of the PC Card is sometimes a eyesore , though.The good : Display - 15 '' display is very nice , although viewing angle is n't all that great . Still , considering that I 'll want to do some private work on this , that 's probably a good thing.Keyboard - Not too mushy , and the keys are placed a bit oddly , but nothing you ca n't get over after a few days of intense use.Processor - For what I do , the 2.8 GHz Celeron is fine , and with the RAM upgrade , it rarely runs at 100 % . So , that 's it . Overall , if you want a student-level or really basic notebook , go ahead and get this one , it 's pretty decent . If you 're even a medium-level gamer or someone that needs more than the basics , go elsewhere . = -RRB-
 This Laptop , while it weighed in at a metric ton , worked well for me . Never had a Window 's issue , and the machine worked Flawlessly with Linux also .
 This is the best seller -LRB- PC-Home -RRB- I believe I have ever done business with . I purchased a `` used '' Toshiba Satellite A45-S120 Laptop and to my surprise , it arrived within a few days and in excellent condition . The seller noted the condition as `` very good '' , I say the condition is `` excellent . '' The seller even threw in some extras . My very first laptop and I can not say enough good things about this experience . What a wonderful blessing from God - just what I needed at a fraction of the cost I expected to pay . I highly recommend this seller to anyone . May God bless this seller all the more .
 I do n't know why amazon does n't have any more of these , they are still readily available . They go for about 800 after rebate . I have had mine for about a year now , and do n't have many complaints . Its got everything you need.The only thing that I would change would be the keyboard sometimes acts up a bit , but no big deal .
 Just got one of these to keep in my truck ... my expectations were low and basically blown away once I had the device in my hands . I expected lousy image quality ... it was much better than expected . It 's not a Nikon pro-grade lens but it 's also not $ 2000 . For what I need it for , it 's more than I need . The focusing mechanism is also smooth and easy to use ... I 'll be looking forward to seeing how it holds up over time . For now , I strongly recommend this tool .
 It was as solidly built as I would have hoped . The distance of sight looking through the monocular was n't as great as I would have liked but the distance it has is crystal clear to whatever object you 're looking at . I am pleased .
 Would be 5 stars if the focusing was not so hard to move . maybe after using it will loosen up , , however , seems well made and very handy to use .
 Great monoculars.Focuses fast.Can fine focus using the lever on top.Small and compact.I ordered another one to put in my car .
 This thing is compact , clear and easy to use . I like the one-handed action via the lever . It 's not the best monocular but for an easy , light carry to get a quick , magnified look at something this is a great utility . You 'll be happy with this !
 My two sons are archers in the Junior Olympic Archery Development program . I purchased this monocular to allow me to see the target grouping of the arrows down range . Typically , the distance is about 80 feet . This monocular gives me a clear view from that distance and enables me to score each end.The focuser is operated with two fingers and is very accurate . It makes it easy to share with others and quicky refocus.Great piece of equipment . Highly recommended .
 A meter readers dream , I LOVE this scope . I use it to read meters from a distance several hundred times a day , 5 days a week . It fits nicely in my shirt pocket , the focus is ETREAMLY FAST ! The fact that the scope rests in the palm of your hands steadies the finger shake picked up from barrel scopes . The offset in the optics allows you to invert the scope to give you an extra inch of height when looking over fences , as well as the fact the scope is operated entirely from one hand , which is priceless when standing on your tippy toes to see over something , or are hanging from a wall you 've got ta look over . There is only one draw back I have with this thing . It 's only available in 8x , if it were a 10x32 it would be absolutely perfect . Although the optics can be easily changed out from most cheap 10x25 binos , but if you do the swap , the objective must be moved forward about 5mm for proper focus .
 I 've used this monocular increasingly over the last few years as my birdwatching events have increased , but it was invaluable on a recent driving vacation through several northeastern states . Functioning as the navigator , I was generally able to spot street and highway exchange signs and then actually read them much sooner than otherwise and then to advise the driver .
 I 've had this for a few years and use it weekly in my job . Works great and I love the rocker focus on top . It has n't broken and is very light-weight and quick to use . I would recommend it .
 The only complaint I could think of to levy against this gem is that somehow I imagined this would be a little smaller , and that 's really my fault . That being said , this is the easiest focusing piece of optics you can get . Pick one up , folks .
 I was very excited for this product , unfortunately it was n't what I needed.Does exactly what it says it will do , is really easy to use , and the focus thing on top is pretty sweet.Unfortunately for me though , you cant see very much with it , and I would say aside from bird watching and some other guy said seeing street signs while navigating , it does n't really let you see anything you couldnt pretty much see already.All in all for 20 $ i am happy with it , works as advertised , dropped it a few times it still works just fine .
 Carson Bandit 8x25 Quick-Focus MonocularI think anyone looking for a monocular will be happy with this product . It fits well in my hand including the focus . The focus takes a little practice because it is so sensative . It 's really handy to carry and the image is clear . I 'm glad I purchased it .
 This is a great product - bright & clear & easy to focus . I bought it without knowing much about monoculars and am pleasantly surprised . It 's a bit larger than I expected - about the size of a clenched fist . But mine was all black instead of the pictured white/black and very handsome . Looks very well made & sturdy . Image is a bit shakey due to one-handed operation , but you can always support it with your second hand .
 Being an extensive backpacker , I 'm always on the lookout for something that is practical , and yet a good value . This is one such item . It is smaller than I expected -- which , if you 're an outdoorsman , is a good thing , as accumulated weight is an issue . It fit right into my hand . The rubberized coating is pleasing to the touch , giving sufficient grip . I found that with a minute of practice , the single-handed focusing lever was easy to get used to . This is important to a hiker , where both hands might not be free . The optics are crystal clear , made even more appealing with the quick-focus system . The case is decent , felt lined faux leather , with a somewhat flimsy belt strap.The downside is that there is no lens cap , and the construction of the unit is lightweight -- take it out for a weekend of hiking , but not for prolonged or professional outings , for which you 'd need stronger optics anyway . It is light enough to float , but do n't count on it . Since it is so lightweight it probably would n't take much damage from a hard fall , but it probably wont take much damage to put it out of calibration at any rate.All in all , an excellent value for the weekend explorer . My suggestion
 It works very well and quickly . I requires only one hand so I use the other for stabilizing . Definitely would recommend it .
 Carson Bandit 8x25 Quick-Focus Monocular just what it says , works as it should . Perfect for trail walking and bird watching . .
 I bought this for my children . They liked it . It provides clear visions for the price . The only problem I have is that the rubber part sometimes is pulled out .
 The value of the optics is there . It is easy to digest the focus . For $ 20 it is an effective and quality value
 I like this little thing . . goes with me anywhere on a daily basis . Easy one hand adjustment . I just wish it was at least a 10 or 12 lens .
 Its very light though note its size cause its definitely not the micro-sized superspy type monocular ! Only drawback is that since the non-eyepiece opening is only a ` medium-size ' not the larger size some monoculars have , this unit ` darkens ' the view slightly . So its not a great choice for use in real low-light conditions .
 I actually bought this for my wife for doing archery . However as it did not have a lanyard connection point on it she opted for the other Bushnell 5x20 Golf Scope Rangefinder -LRB- Silver -RRB- that I got her.http : / / www.amazon.com/gp/product/B0000A0AII/ref=cm_cr_ryp_prd_ttl_sol_4This item however works perfectly for me while I watch her shoot as I can adjust into focus quickly as I walk around .
 This monocular is great . Easy to focus and quick . I bought a second one as a gift as the person loved ours .
 I found the item to be light and very easy to use . I am legally blind and need to check airline schedules , etc. . It works very well and I often do not have 2 hands . I really liked the one hand focus .
 I work private security as covert surveillance . I own a large pair of binoculars which is great , but everyone knows you 're watching someone . With this I can conceal it in my palm and move it to my face when needed . No on even knows I have it . Great !
 The focus is as smooth as butter . When I use it , I feel like I 'm spying , or on some make-believe special ops ! Look out , Mr. Bond!The view is clear , and I get an excellent amount of light coming in , so the view is as great as reality!The only negative is a personal issue . It feels a bit bulky on my belt . But I love using this new monocular!Oooh , a bird , over there . Got ta go !
 I am a hunter , and this optic is great for spotting and checking targets . Before , the optic on my rifle is what I would have used , but this is much safer as I can find what I 'm looking for without having to point my firearm at it . As an added bonus , being a monocular , it allows you to focus on a far away obect with one eye , and yet still have full peripheral vision with the other eye.The one handed manipulation is great when carrying a firearm , as setting the weapon down to pick up binoc 's is noisy and the motion can attract attention . Being able to simply pull this up to my eye is much quicker an quieter than any sighting system I 've had before.This thing is LIGHT . I almost forget I have it on me . Anyone who spends a lot of time outdoors knows that ounces = pounds , and the less you have to carry the better . This is the best of both worlds.No complaints from this sportsman.I would definitely reccomend to anyone who hunts/hikes/birdwatches / camps .
 I bought this for my daughter 's birthday . She loves animals and is especially into owls . I wanted something small that she can take with her anywhere and this fit the bill . It is small , light , and works great . Once she understood how it works , she just loves using it . In fact , her brother and sister are always fighting to take a turn at using it . I guess I know what to get for their birthdays . Also , my kids love the commercial for this monocular as well , they crack up every time they see it.UPDATE 4/28/12 : So far so good ! My daughter still loves this item and uses it all the time . During those times when she forgets to bring it , she always finds something she could have used the monocular to zoom in on . Definitely still recommended !
 FAIRLY EASY TO ADJUST , MUCH EASIER THAN BINOCS . SEE A BIRD , GRAB IT AND SEE . THIS WILL FOCUS ON TREES FAR OUT OR AT THE FEEDER . GREAT BUY .
 I purchased this little jewel to satisfy a single task , but since have found it to be the single best solution to anything that requires me to quickly extend my vision.I now keep it with me all the time for that -LRB- information gathering -RRB- moment that would have otherwise been lost.Once you become accustomed to the -LRB- Rocker-Focus -RRB- feature , you will be amazed at the acquisition speed , and wonder how you managed to get along without this little monocular in the past!I rarely use binoculars anymore because the ` Carson Bandit ' gets the information I need in a fraction of the time.Some have questioned its durability ; To them I say , `` I am sure you can break it , if you have a mind too , but DO N'T '' ! I have found the provided -LRB- neck-cord -RRB- to be a reasonable and secure alternative . : -RRB- Everything considered , the price is so cost effective , what is the concern?I would recommend The Carson Bandit 8x25 ` Quick-Focus ' Monocular to my friends.But I like my term of ` Rocker-Focus ' better ! : -RRB- bob
 Shipped fast . Works great . Very handy , I use it daily as it is so small and easy to use . I keep it in my car and I love it . I would recommend buying this .
 I have not had it out a lot yet but it seems to work well . Image is sharp and crisp . My gripe is that the eye relief is too long if you wear glasses . It has a nice rubber Eyecup that works great if I remove my glasses , but it would be better if the eyecup folded down . It does not so I had to remove it . That makes it a little more difficult to align with your eye . Removing my glasses every time I want to use it is not an acceptable option . Replacing the eye cup is not easily accomplished so keep that in mind . I took it off and threw it in the box with the warranty card.The focus lever works well . I like it better the models you have to hold with two hands and twist . Easy to operate once you get used to it.The case is acceptable but the belt loop looks useless . Better to just store in your pocket if you are carrying it.Edit
 What is the point of a monocular that requires two hands to operate ? You might as well carry small binoculars then . The carson bandit is a nicemonocular that is easy to operate with one hand . The desing fits nicely into your hand and the operation is intuitive from then on .
 This is such a handy monocular for all the right reasons . I use this at the range and also on my job as a hazmat tech . With the quick focus and how small and handy it is you can take it out , look and identify your target or sign incredibly fast . Perfect for first responders that have to figure out an emergency situation from a safe range . Incredibly easy to use and its range of vision is perfect for 22 $ . No it does not do extremly long distances but for 22 $ would you expect it to ? And if you ca n't see because it wo n't focus on something too close then maybe you should pick up a pair of glasses instead .
 I was looking for optic to replace a compact binocular that was broken in my daily carry bag . I spotted this product during my search for the replacement . It works great for my needs to able to get a quick look at something off in the distance without having to breakout a larger optic system . This item is also small enough to carry in a small backpack or bag . For the price I paid I am very happy with the Carson Bandit 8x25 Monocular .
 We 're finding this unit to be easier to handle while holding paperwork in the other . The type of field work we 're doing requires a simple one hand adjustment . I look forward to purchasing a few more for my group .
 Fantastic ... easy to use ... allows me to read small house numbers , etc from the street quickly with minimal adjusting . My prior one took much manipulation to `` zero in '' .
 Maybe I 've been spoiled by the Nikon scope on my .22 rifle but I was underwhelmed by the Bandit . Then I realized that the price to value was actually not too bad . My Nikon rifle sope was like $ 150 so of course its going to be a lot better.Anyway , this monocular is pretty cool . I ca n't wait to take it on a hike . The optics are pretty good espescially considering the price . And its really small and compact . I think it LOOKS cooler when someone sees you use it , but then when you use it yourself you are like `` Hmm ok , thats pretty cool I guess '' . Basically it does n't BLOW YOU AWAY with its super magnification . But the clear picture and easy to focus finger button makes you think that it is decent . Its not super great , but its good . Its definitely not bad . I would recommend it to someone who wants something cheap yet effective . But if you are looking for the king or best of class type of equipment I might not recommend this -LRB- also you will have to fork over a lot more money -RRB- .
 I did n't really understand how to hold this item at first , but when I realized how it became very comfortable and easy to use . I love how this comes in a little leather-feeling pouch so that it does n't get scratched up . I kind of got this as a novelty so even though it does n't zoom very far , it is still a cool little product . It made an awesome stocking stuffer for my boyfriend .
 Light weight . Easy to pull out and focus . Optics are good enough . I keep it in my pocket and can easily pull it out long before my husband has gotten the binoculars out of the backpack .
 wife got me this for Christmas . After thinking about the horrors of having to run the wires for the rear speakers , my father in law showed up and I talked him into doing it for me . -LRB- I 'm 6 ' 2 250lbs ... dont like crawling in the attic -RRB- . After an hour or so of set up and running wires I cranked it up and put in a movie . The sound is great and made up for my father in law having to crawl around on fiberglass insulation.I could n't believe that a home theater system for under $ 200 could sound that good . I was very impressed.Pros
 I was a bit skeptical about this product , because of the kind of low price comparing to others theater systems , but I must say I ` m very Happy ! It plays Divx movies -LRB- even straight from your pendrive through USB ! -RRB- , I can charge my ipod through USB port while watching movies or listening to radio . The system is very powerfull - 1000W ! If you 're able to get it for about $ 249 do n't hesitate ! Take it !!
 I 've had the hts-3450 for almost 2 years and I 'm still very happy with it . There are so many other systems with more power and inputs but I have to confess this system rocks . Nothing about this system is high tech but if you need something very basic with great sound quality , this is it . I have a 50 '' samsung plasma and a ps3 connected with analog inputs and it sounds great . yes i said analog . my neighbors have complained twice about the sound and it was only halfway up . in conclusion if you want something really basic with great sound quality , this is a solid choice .
 They Do n't call it Grandmaster for nothing . This turntable will keep you mixing for years to come .
 Other than the Gold Ltd. . Edition Technics turntable , this is the one to make any dj the envy of the block . Expanded pitch adjustable features , braking adjustment settings , and long lasting led illuminator lights and increased anti-skating make this absolutely a spectacular analog machine / dj instrument . Quality build is superb and built to outlast anything out there in the competitive market ... The ONLY minor mistake not used in really completing the whole package is a lack of a key adjust control . Basically , with a key adjust you can speed up or slow down the beats or the music without vocalists sounding like chipmunks , or Barry White speaking in slow motion ! Key adjust just changes the speed of the music and vocals , not the pitch or tune ... This is just a small bonus feature that would have been nice to have ; Denon and another company name have already done this for their brand of DJ turntables ...
 The Flagship of the Technics Turntables , the SL1210M5G is the 30th Anniversary edition of the legendary SL1200 line . This fully manual unit has been going strong since the ' 70 's and does n't show any signs of slowing down . The deck was originally built as a high end home audio component , but has become honored by most club DJ 's because of it 's rugged build and many DJ enhancements over the years.I selected this version for my home turntable because of the oxygen free wiring and other tone arm improvements and high quality phono cables . After many inconsistent speed issues with belt drive turntables , I am pleased with the very durable and ultra quiet brushless DC motor that powers the Technics units.This turntable is ready to go for home enthusiasts or DJ 's . It comes complete with a rubber platter mat , a slip mat , a head shell , cartridge alignment tool and a non attached dust cover . If needed , a hinge kit is available from KAB USA . All that 's needed is a phono cartridge . There are many to choose from , either hi-fi or DJ.After a few weeks of revisiting my 40 + years of vinyl , I can agree that this deck deserves the title of Grand Master .
 I have owned turntables costing several thousand dollars in the past . They are getting older now and I thought new one in the reasonable price range but high quality . I put in my Shure V15xMR in the arm tracking at 1g . Perfect tracking - super low rumble and no hum at all with or wo grounding . The construction is first class . This is a super bargain - it has been improved over the years . Yes you can spend a lot more - this product delivers in all the important ways . For many it is not expensive enough and has low snob appeal . If a small company were to make this turntable - my guess it would cost around > 1500.00 . Panasonic has been making it for over 30 years now ! Rarely does a product remain available for such a long time . The reason - this is a masterpeice !
 I 've been a Dj for 2 decades , started on the 1200mk2 and am now rocking these 6 nights a week . This is my 3rd pair and wo n't own any other . The torque feels better than previous models and the blue l.e.d. lights give this a sleek look in the dark . I still wish they 'd come out with a straight tone arm for these . Numark had it correct with the ttx1 's , however , power issues I had with those made them unreliable . And Vestax pdx-2000 were a great turntable for scratching in the bedroom . The cheap plastic feel on the Vestax gave horrible feedback through the needles -LRB- the infamous low end hummmmm -RRB- . I 've never had any problems with these while using Serato.They do not come with the hinge for the plastic top ? I 'll never understand that . . But they do come with a set of slip mats and that famous thick rubber mat that a dj wo n't ever use.You ca n't go wrong and wo n't be disappointed in this purchase . These should be the last turntables you 'll need to buy -LRB- unless you want multiple sets -RRB- . But you better get them quick as they 're getting harder to find and more expensive to buy !!!
 Just received two of these turntables in brand new condition in July 2011 -LRB- at a very highly paid price -RRB- - but they are the quality as expected from Technics as always . I consider myself lucky to have found two of these since they were discontinued in 2010 - and know they will hold up as well as my 30 + year old Technics turntables so that I can continue spinning and mixing my vinyl record collection into the future.For anyone on the fence about this turntable - I highly suggest you get one of these before they are gone or you have to look for a good used unit in the years to come .
 I set this baby up and calibrated the arm in less than 2O min , all the parts worked 100 % flawlessly and good quality construction.Sound is great especially with the right stylus . It 's a bit pricey but worth the sacrifice-so save up.The only downfall is that you have to purchase hinges separately to attach plastic cover either from Ebay or Kab.com ... you also need to get some 1/2 '' self tapping screws to mount the plastic hinge holder piece at the rear of unit as it comes with pilot holes . Other than that it works marvelous !
 I ditched my training wheels for these Technics tables . Basically , I went from class C to class A DJ equipment . These tables perform better than they are written about . Sound quality , platter torque , durability , and everything else exceeded my expectations . The sound of my scratching , beat juggling , and mixing now sounds like a professional behind the wheels . I recorded several demos and played them back for friends and family who know I DJ . When the demo was done , they were amazed that it was me making the beats . These tables do come with a price tag but if you can afford them , BUY THEM ! You 'll never buy another analog turntable again . When you own these units , you are an all star MVP playing in the majors . I love these tables !
 I was happy to see the mention of KAB and the dust cover hinges . I wanted to make note that when you buy any ' 1200 from KAB you automatically get not only the hinge kit installed , but you get the thicker audiophile mat and a full QC inspection as well . Stock , The MK5 and M5G both come with a thin rubber mat . this may not be tall enough to set tonearm height correctly with short squat cartridges . The thicker mat solves that and improves the sound as well . Of course , the mat is available separately as well . -LSB- ... -RSB-
 After spinning for 15 years and owning a handful of decks I have a pair of these in my home studio and I love them . I use them for spinning as well as hifi listening and they excel at both .
 This turntable performs exceptionally well . I was able to get it up and running with absolutely no experience with vinyl turntables at all . It does come with a headshell , in case you were wondering , because I accidentally ordered another one too . If you 're just getting started , there is a very helpful review I found on youtube that can teach you well how to set up the tonearm . It comes with a plastic dust-cover that does n't attach . It also comes with a slipmat , and a cut wax sheet that helps with scratching . I highly recommend this turntable . Also , consider buying it from -LSB- ... -RSB- it may be cheaper there .
 The system is easy to work with , and with a hacksaw you can easily cut the pieces for a custom length.With the Vantage Point WC60W I was able to fit the TV power cord , an RF coaxial cable , an HDMI cable , and a composite w/audio pair into the track with no problem . A comcast-style 5-wire component with audio cable bundle plus a power cord may not fit , I did n't try it , though.The covers snap on securely , and the kit ships with a bunch of screws , enough drywall anchors to get ` er done , and has a foam-sticky-tape option already installed on the back , too.Once installed , the whole deal looks really pro and is what I 'd call as close to a `` built-in installation '' as you can get for the money.A good value , it looks so good that you actually do n't even notice it .
 These covers are fantastic . They are not as wide as I had hoped , but they do a great job of hiding the cables . They are easy to paint and look good against the wall once they are . I recommend these for those with flat panel televisions that wish to hide the audio/video cables .
 I have my router , cable modem and bose sound doc on floating shelves next to my desk . Needless to say , there are a lot of cables hanging there . After looking at all of the different cable run options , I selected this one because it seemed larger than most of the others , had the option to screw into the wall , and was paintable . I put it up yesterday and I 'm very happy with it . I was able to fit coax cable , two phone cords , an ethernet cord , and three power cords easily into the track . Because it screws into the wall instead of using sticky tape , the coax did n't immediately rip it off . I was able to mount the back piece and run all of the cables first then paint the covers separately and install them when dry . It was pretty painless and it looks great .
 I picked this up after running a high wall outlet for my flatscreen TV , only to realize that all of the items below it -LRB- Cable box , video game systems , etc -RRB- would still need cables hanging down . Install is very quick - it only took 4 screws and about 5 minutes . I used the adhesive backing to get the tray on the wall , ran in about 6-7 cables and then 4 sheetrock screws later I was done.The only thing I 'd change about it would be to have the actual cover snap onto the tray instead of requiring the Y-looking spread ends to hold the cover in place . If that was the case , it would be completely drill-free and perfect . It 's a small gripe though , because the covers look great and very professional , and the end result is nice and tidy . One kit is enough for at least 2 TV sets , possibly 3 depending on the size of the gap between your set and what 's below it .
 Very good product . As other reviews have stated , this product has limited space for wires . There is room for three wires and perhaps four if the forth one is thin . Installation is very easy and there is enough length for many applications . Once installed the product looks very neat . Excellant application if you do n't want to go to the trouble of running the wires behind the wall .
 works well , sticks to wall good , easy to paint , great size that can fit all your wires , easy to snap off and on for easy instilation of future wires , when painted not as visable as you would think , easy to install , highly recommended
 We hate ugly cords and wires running up our walls for things like wall mounted phones and other items , but - like most people - we 're not gon na bust into our walls just to hide them . These are great - mount them on the wall over the cord or wire , then paint to match your wall color.Do they COMPLETELY hide the fact that you 've got a cord/wire running up your wall ? Of course not . There 's no way it could . But the fact that it 's paintable DOES help to make it far less obvious , which is about as good as you 're gon na get -LRB- unless of course you DO cut into your walls ... but who wants to do that when this solution is easier , cheaper , and works just fine as it is ? -RRB-
 I ordered this item in order to hide a power and cable cord for a wall-mounted TV in my bedroom . It is perfect for this use . However , if you have audio cords , DVD cords , or more than maybe 3 cords that you want to fit in this , beware . It is not very large . For my use , the size is perfect and it does not look too bulky on my wall.I used the stickers on the back and it was easy to mount . I also painted it to match my wall color and that does a nice job of making it less noticable.Overall , a great purchase . Ideally I would like to move the cable and power jacks so that they are hidden behind the TV , but since I 'm not an electrician , this is the next best thing !
 THE BEST EARPHONES I HAVE EVER HAD COMPACT DURABLE THE SOUND IS JUST AMAZING , , , , , , , , , , SUPER , , , , , , ,
 I used Bang & Olufsen A8 headphones for a year walking around and running until someone stole them.Their virtues - excellent sound for small headphones that are not in-ear , look great , and stay on well.Their drawbacks - cost -LRB- although they are the best combo of the 3 virtues on the market -RRB- , they take noticeable effort to put on each time because of the multiple ways they adjust , and the wires tangle with the hooks if one puts them in one 's pocket.I had no reliability problems despite treating them poorly.I hope whoever took my B&O s ; is still enjoying them .
 It 's amazing ... the best cost x benefits at earphones ... there is no words to describe the quality of sound of this time piece ...
 The B&O ; headphones are extraordinary in many respects . The sound is excellent - not as bass-heavy as Bose are , but a lot cleaner in sound , which is actually more `` honest '' and true to the actual sound of instruments and voices . If you put them on correctly the low frequency end is very good , and the mid and high ranges are excellent anyways . I listen mainly to classical music , the sound quality for that is overall excellent . On iPods the benefit of these headphones is a significantly higher volume than for example with the standard Apple headphones . Normally it is very difficult to hear classical music with an iPod due to the low volume , but with these headphones this is no issue.I have read complaints about putting these headphones on - I had no such problems . You have to think for a second which goes on which ear , then lift the piece that goes behind the ears , place the centre-piece above the opening of your ear and then simply push it all back together again . The aluminum is excellent in terms of design and durability . Do n't pull on the cables too much , they look a little fragile.These are , in summary , extraordinary headphones . They are not the kind to be thrown into a backpack or stuffed into a pocket , these should be treated with care and sensitivity . The design is outstanding and the sound quality very clean and open , not artificially enhanced in any specific area of the spectrum .
 I like these headphones , but am not as overwhelmed as I was expecting to be based on the reviews I read . These phones deliver clear music , and the comfort is better than most others I 've used -LRB- the Sony over the head inside ear phones I had before that came with a Walkman were the best -RRB- . I guess I was hoping for sound quality to be as good as an over the ear phone but it 's not.If you 're looking for comfort , something to use on the go , these are great . If you 're looking to reproduce a cinema experience then you should go for a quality headphone that covers your ear .
 I love these earphones . The trouble I had with my standard-issue earphones with my Nano was that my earpieces fell out when I was doing stuff . These have a collar which confortably attaches them to my ear . The sound is awesome . Like having my home Bose speakers in my ears ... great sound . Tremendous comfort . Great value .
 This is my 2nd pair -LRB- 1st chewed up by my dog . -RRB- This pair is the best I have ever had . Comfort , sound - everything is perfect . They are expensive , the only downside , but worth every cent .
 These A8 's are very comfortable and soundfantastic . The fit and finish are also top quality .
 Basically a carryover of the SL 1200 M3D table -LRB- 1999-2002 -RRB- with a few friendly DJ minor adjustments -LRB- brighter , long life L.E.D. stylus pop up light , more antiskating for non-skipping during scratching and adjustable braking speed -RRB- ... Is this Technics ` table worth it 's weight in gold -LRB- I think between 30 to 35 pounds -RRB- ? Without a doubt ! It 's built like a Sherman Tank to withstand vibrations from speakers or the dance floor which would otherwise cause the needle to skip around or transfer unwanted noise to the tonearm and out the speakers ; an enclosed loop of unwanted noise . Heavy , heavy , construction of the anti-resonant plinth/chasis , platter speaks in volumes about the craftsmanship Technics puts into the `` Wheel of Steel '' . Other than the build quality , what 's the sound quality like?It can yield either professional -LRB- DJ use -RRB- , near-audiophile -LRB- for that sound purist who wants to just listen to records or transfer to cd-r format -RRB- or club-quality scratching top grade sound -LRB- the direct drive motor and torque is built Chevy or Ford tough for the use and abuse -RRB- . HOWEVER , the sound quality also significantly depends upon the application the ` table is used for , whether you use a cheap $ 20 cartridge or the serious high quality type . Is this table going to be used for scratching , regular DJing , or just in-home use ? All these factors have to be taken into consideration in getting the most out of the MK5 . It is illogical to install an audiophile high end cartridge/stylus normally used for casual listening -LRB- jazz , classical , some pop/rock -RRB- if you 're gon na scratch -LRB- vice versa -RRB- . Simple rule of thumb -- you use a DJ needle for club play and scratch and a good to excellent high grade cartridge and stylus for normal playback.It is impossible to tell you which cartridges are of substantial quality to high end because it can sometimes boil down to personal individual sound preference -LRB- some yield tight bass , some yield clear high frequencies , some sound neutral , musical , or colored -- or a combo of these sound qualities -RRB- This can be costly and sometimes aggravating to figure out what to use.It takes trial and error and a bit of set up and experimentation and sound comparisons . Oh , yeah , feed the ` table some decently clean-dirt free records . Some will appreciate the dustcover sans hinges . Others would prefer actual hinges for the cover if used mostly at home.As for aesthetics , it 's still the same high tech look that came about in 1979 -LRB- forget about the regular wood or mdf plinth and chasis look of the '70s so many other manufacturers used -LRB- Denon and Pioneer being the exceptions -RRB- . Technics was way ahead of it 's time in 1979 when creating the `` looks '' for this table . The same design still looks good in it 's somewhat contemporary-modern design to this day.Now listen up Panasonic / Technics ... the ONLY one request that I have is that SOMEDAY you will really and truly upgrade this particular turntable by giving it high end and fully automatic functions or features that so many in home couch potatos crave.Then , if the turntable is to be used in a dj set up , allow the owner to switch off the automatic functions to perform as a manual.Afer all , anyone who knows the history of the Technics 1200 series , this turntable has it 's roots in being first designed as an in-home playback system ; The clubbing,dj-ing , radio broadcasting applications came about by pure accident or simple choice ! I 'm not asking for much am I. . . Technics came close to making this turntable a successful and brilliant automatic with the SL 1700MK2 and the SL 1600MK2 back in the late 70 's -LRB- semi-automatic , fully automatic -RRB- . Now and then you will see these beauties on eBay up for grabs -LRB- but usually with a '' buyer beware , automatic arm does not work '' disclaimer . The only design flaw was a belt that controlled the auto return mechanism which would deteriorate after so much use and render the auto function useless -LRB- costly repair -RRB- ... With all the focus on Technics `` subtlely '' upgrading about every 2 to 4 years the 1200 series they can finally use some of this state of the art modern technology for a high quality automatic/manual with no design or function issues !!! P.S. I also highly recommend this website on Techics past and present products . It 's an unofficial website that carries some awesome information on their turntables at www.vintagetechnics.com . My personal favorites and after owning some of these models over the years is anything in the SL 1200 series , the SL Q3 , and the SL-5300 -LRB- this one built in 1979 was loaded with all the sweet full automatic features , bells and whistles for it 's time -- all of it 's controls were on the outside of the cover -RRB- !
 I could n't be happier w / my choice of the SL1200MK5 . It 's perfect for someone who wants great quality without spending ridiculous money . It 's solidly built , and heavy , which just gives it this wonderful feeling of quality and reliability . This thing feels very precise and well thought out . I know that these turntables are the standard for DJs , and that means that they 've been tested and refined over the years . They really have figured it out . From the moment I lifted the thing out of the box , I could just tell it was perfect for me . I 'm a recording engineer , and wanted to complete my home stereo setup w / good sounding vinyl . Now I 'm spoiled by this thing , and am considering buying one for the studio , just to inspire me to make better sounding recordings . Also , the rubber feet are amazing at squelching vibrations from the floor . You can jump around and shake your booty all night , without records skipping on you , another advantage of it being developed for DJs.OK , you can tell I love this thing , I 've said enough.MP
 What more can i say ? If your starting and your looking to invest your money in a sound product . .1200 's ... If your seasoned and still spinning vinyl . . than you should already know . The 1200 has stood the test of time and is going nowhere ! Look for other reviews on longevity or quality and theyll point you in this direction and i have yet to regret it !
 My friend just got one of these and I have to be honest , `` the sound is just so crisp , so live , soooo there ! '' I love music ! and well this just made me realize a new way to invest in music ... musicians all over the world should just start making discs in vinyl . . that way no one will steal their music ... at least not as crisp as the way this sounds ... get one if you have the money ... if you have enough send me one home ! haha cheers !
 Mk5 and MkII are both excellent turntables , albeit for different application . there is a slight difference between them , namely in tonearm wiring and electronics.For DJ use , get 1200Mk5 and you will love it ! It has improved tonearm wiring and better pitch control . If you are looking for a home audiophile deck , get 1200MkII while it is still available . Improved wiring of Mk5 is still not up to audiophile standard and makes no sense paying for it if you intend to replace wiring one day . Also , improvedpitch control is not needed in audiophile setting and due to different electromagnetic signature may be audible .
 ... and counting . These turntables are very tough , and they can last for so many years , The torque on this thing is so strong that it acts as if it 's running on steroids . Definitely the # 1 turntable that most DJs love to crave for , and many upcoming DJs that would die to get a pair . Nope , ca n't go wrong with these babies !
 I really enjoy my Olympus c4000z and this kit is a great addition . The wideangle and telephot lenses give good results as do the filters . The cleaning kit is handy and the small trypod is useful in some scenarios and it is easy to carry in my camera bag . I would definitely recommend this kit and would purchase it again .
 So far so good . I had one problem which required I go through their phone support system . The first round was aboslutely useless . The guy acted as if he did n't even care . The next day I gave it another go . That time I was connected to someone who really tried hard - he stuck w / it while we inunstalled and reinstalled modem drivers and reconfigured , etc. , etc. , finally got things going . Now all is well . Great PC . Everything seems to work as advertised .
 I really did not know what to expect . Toshiba did a great job of providing every conceivable bit of information a person might need regarding the product . I was grateful for that ! I bought the Linksys Wireless G router and the hook up to my existing cable router was virtually automatic . All I had to punch in was my e-mail address one time only!The freedom to go anywhere in the house or even outside on the front or back porch and be on the internet without wires was a fantastic feeling ! I really love this this little baby !!! I have only had the computer for a few weeks now , so I have n't really had any problems yet . I 've downloaded Incredimail Premium and found only one Spam and Pop-up killer that works with it -LRB- Giant Corp -RRB- , but with all the changeover to an alternate mail program this Toshiba has taken it all in stride ! Anyone should be happy with this product !!!
 I got this Toshiba after a LOT of research . And being in COmputer Sciences and usually Building my own computers . . i know quite a bit . Toshiba has really Take the competition out of business with this machine . This is the perfect Desktop replacement . This is one machine that will do all , with a huge RAM , 60 GB Huge HArd Disk , And the P4 2.8 Processor this system is better than most Desktops you can find . But this does not mean that it would affect the mobility . Although a bit heavy because of all the extra loaded stuff in it , it has an AMAZING battery life . More than 4 hours EASY !!! It just keeps on going.I reccommend this machine to anyone looking for a LAPTOP / DESKTOP it will do anything and everything you could ever dream of . I bought mine from Best Buy and they have an amazing service so i cant say anything about the Toshiba Customer Support .
 Have n't had a single problem with this machine yet * knock on wood * - its performance is solid and it holds up well to transport and regular use.I even spilled coffee on the keyboard and it still goes .
 Plain generic cable that works perfectly . Cost about 1/5 of what you would pay at a name-brand store but without all the fancy packaging .
 Do n't pay too much for data cables . These work great .
 I have a desktop at my desk against the wall about 15 feet away from my TV . I wanted to extend the range of both my webcam to sit atop the TV and my wireless keyboard/mouse receiver so it would stop lagging due to the distance away from the couch . These gems solved all of my problems , and to boot , this seller shipped the cables faster than anything I 've ever bought from Amazon ! You wo n't be dissapointed !!
 Extends my HP all-in-one scanner/copier/printer to the CPU and maintains the higher 2.0 speeds . Ca n't ask for more . Cable is inexpensive and seems well made . We 'll see how long it lasts .
 I needed more cable length for my iPhone 5 to reach a surge protector . Works great . No problems at all .
 gain not much to say about this product , It does what I bought it for.It functioned godd and the price was right .
